On the auspicious occasion of your birthday on the upcoming 19th of September, I convey you a hearty greetings.
As a gift, I am sending you ’Jeet Apki‘ ,the popular book of Shiv Kheda. 
Hope you like it and will prove useful to you.
Received your greeting card with best wishes and the gift on my birthday. The book ‘Jeet Apki’ which was sent as a gift is actually very useful. No doubt, it is like a torchbearer in solving the hardships of life. Among all the gifts, everyone at home liked the gift which you sent the most.
Please send two copies of the following books to the address written below by VPP.
Hope you will be safe and happy. Here for many days your letter has not come, because of this all of us are concerned. We were having the conversation about you only at home last evening. Everyone is eager to know the news of your well being.
So write a letter as soon as you receive this letter. Do not forget to write in detail about your new workload experiences. My greetings to uncle and aunty and love to sister Rashmi.
Waiting for letter’s reply
I am reaching New Delhi from Allahabad on July 5, 2004 by Prayagra Express. The train reaches New Delhi at  6: 30 in the morning. Therefore, send Maruti on time so that no inconvenience is caused. Your sister-in-law has made a special purchases for you, bringing that along. Mother has also packed pickle and marmalade for you.
Yesterday only, your letter was received. It was heartening to note that your first deployment has been Haridwar after your successful training in State Administration Service. It is no doubt the fruit of your untiring labour. You have proved that the fruits of hard work are always sweet.
Therefore, on this auspicious occasion, heartfelt congratulations to you from me and your maternal aunty.
I am safe and happy here. Hope you along with respectful aunty, Anuj,and Atul are safe and happy. Just two days ago, I returned from Delhi after spending the summer holidays. In summer, Delhi has a high temperature, but in the diversity, I have found there complete experience of unity. People running everywhere makes the environment vibrant.
Delhi is an ancient city. Here I saw the historical places like the Red Fort, Qutub Minar, India Gate, Rashtrapati Bhawan, Bahai-Mandir, Jama Masjid and the old fort. All zodiacal animals are found in the zoo here. My old friend, Rajesh, was also found here, because of this the joy of roaming also increased. Apart from the big skyscrapers, many temples are also watchable. The temples of Chhatrapur are especially notable. Atul’s absence was felt througout the holidays.
If I get an opportunity to travel back to Delhi then I would definitely want that all of you are with me.
Warm greetings and best wishes to you for the New Year – with the goodwill that the morning sun bless you with a new zeal, new passion and new awareness in your life.
Please try to send the following homeopathic medicines as soon as possible to the below address. Keep in mind that all the medicines are in the Tincture stage and their packing has been done properly.
I am a student of class XII of your school. I have always been good in the study. I have also got a special place in sports. Due to my father's monthly income being extremely low, it is becoming very difficult for him to take care of the family.
So, it is a humble request to you to try to forgive my full fees so that I can continue the study. I will always be grateful for this.
It is a request that the increasing uncleanliness in our residence colony has become the cause of to all the residents. The streets are gathering dirty water everywhere. Sewer underground drains have also been blocked in many places, which is increasing the frequency of flies and mosquitoes from day to day.
In this context, a number of memorandums have been given to the local sanitary inspector, but no action has been taken so far. Therefore, it is a sincere request to you to immediately examine the said matter and issue the earliest directions so that all the residents can get rid of the increasing disasters of pollution.
I humbly request that next week I have to go to Lucknow on the occassion the marriage of my elder brother. As a result, I cannot attend school from 3 to 6 January.
So, it is a humble request that you give me four days of leave. I will always be grateful for this.
Please trouble publishing the following advertisement of matrimonial page in your newspaper. Bank Draft No. 8534 of Bank of Baroda is attached as the payment for prescribed advertisement fees of rupee 300 only.
Hope you are safe. No news has been received from you for several days. So, you must write as soon as you get this letter . How are your studies going on ? Always follow good company.
Good company always shows the person path of goodwill and makes him move towards progress. There is always a constructive role of good company in the direction of future creation, on the other hand, bad company shows the way of distruction to human. Therefore, it is important to be careful about the choice of friends and contacts. I not only hope but believe that you will always remember the importance of good company on the path of life and glorify the name of family, society and country with your success, character and great personality.
I have a humble request that I have passed the Bachelor (Art) examination in the first category as announced in August last year. In history and politics, I have acquired special marks. Further, in the last session, I have also actively participated in sports.
Therefore, I request you to send my character certificate as soon as possible on the above address, so that, I can fill the form of Civil Services Examination which is scheduled for september.
It is a request that the members of the Junior XI Team have decided to play a cricket match with senior XI in the cricket premises on the upcoming Sunday. Therefore, we request you to give us the approval in this matter and also direct the sports superintendent in the subject so that all the match related material is available in advance.
I have come to know from your advertisement in National Sahara letter of 7th August that some clerical post in your organization are vacant. In this context, I am sending my application along with the details of my qualifications and experience.
Working as Assistant Clerk in Prakash Enterprises, Rudrapur for last 3 years.
I request that I have necessary work at home. My mother is unwell. I have to take care of her. So, I am unable to attend school.
I have come to know that your bank provides loans to eligible students for higher education. I want the opportunity given to me under this scheme of debt.
In this regard, I want to bring this in your mind that I have passed the Higher Secondary Education Examination 96% marks and passed the engineering entrance examination too.
My name is listed on serial number 7 in the priority list. I am curious to take admission in this course, but I am related to a poor family. My dad, who works on 3000 / - monthly salary in a private institution, is the only earning member in the family of four members. He can not afford to spend my higher education with this income.
In these circumstances, I pray to you that you grant the necessary loan for my higher education. I promise that I will follow all the borrower's conditions. In this regard, I will be happy to give all the certificates and documents you will need.
Thanks a lot for the 1500/- you sent. This financial aid was given at a time when I was in huge financial difficulty.
Friend is who helps in need.
I just now received your love filled letter. I am very pleased to know that you have come first in the exam this year too. This is the result of your hard work. I am proud to have a wise friend like you.
With hearty goodwill and love.
Being good here, I wish goodwill for you from god. You are requested that my monthly examination will be the next month. The teacher of my English subject has advised me to rent three grammar books for him.
Therefore, please send me 500 / - in this post so that I can buy those books in a timely manner.
Honorable request with respect that I have achieved good marks in all subjects in the first quarter examination except for the English subject. I am weak in this subject. I can not pass in the high school exam without additional classroom study.
Therefore, it is my prayer that try to make arrangements for me for additional classroom arrangements in the English subject with a proper course.
Honestly, I am requesting you that I took the topic of geography and economics in the month of July. I was present in the classes of these subject for a month. Now I feel that I have no interest in these topics. That's why I pray to you to give me the subject of history and civics in place of geography and economics.
I hope that you remember my birthday for sure. I am going to be thirteen years on the next Saturday, March 2.
My parents are organizing a small feast on this sacred day. They have asked me to invite my friends on that occasion. It would be honourable for me to be with you on this occasion.
Please join me at eight o 'clock in the evening on that occassion to raise my happiness and joy.
I hope that by accepting my plea, you will definitely be present for joining in my happiness.
The happy news of your marriage with the Rekha filled me with happiness. Rekha is a gem in her beauty, intellectual, and gentle manner. My best wishes. Probably everything was decided suddenly and you could not find the time to inform me. I believe that both of you will be happy by becoming life partners.
Mother and Dad were very pleased to find this marital news. They express both blessings and good wishes to both of you. My greetings and good wishes to Rekha. Do not forget to come back to us after your honeymoon in Goa.
