The decision of the University to cancel her admission was conveyed to the petitioner.
Democracy generally envisages representation of people / members, responsibility and accountability of the executive.
this was a normal memory lapse due to long passage of time.
The accident dated 30th January, 2001 resulted in the death of Anil Prasad Mahto.
Those witnesses, who were summoned and appeared, were duly cross - examined by the petitioners.
This is also reflected in their lower output in various port operations.
No site plan has been filed to satisfy the conscience of this court.
There is no intervening wall between the shop and the room.
It is unlikely that a consumer would confuse one for the other.
The adjudication of the matter involves consideration of following three legal issues
He then opened the knife and stabbed Ashok Kumar on his neck.
Counsel for the plaintiff has been duly served with Court notice for today.
Accused Dev Raj and Anoop came to the rescue of Krishan Pal.
August, 1988, by which he had been transferred to Bombay with effect from
As a matter of fact he did not produce it in the court.
The deceased was working with the Municipal Corporation of Delhi as Baildar.
The basement, cellars, yards, gardens, parking areas, shopping centres, schools and storage spaces
She deposed that the police requested them to identify the dead body.
The prosecution case is based upon the purported dying declarations made by the deceased
The appellant was aged 45 years working as Chowkidar earning Rs. 2, 200 / - per month.
Babu Ram entered his house and bolted the door from inside.
The relevant observations of the Supreme Court in the aforesaid case are as under
A prayer is made that verification of membership be effected by secret ballot.
He took Ram Nath and Inder Bahadur to Hindu Rao Hospital.
Aggrieved with the aforesaid orders of Financial Commissioner, the present writ petition is filed
In fact no date was fixed by the Court for the purpose.
Under these circumstances, I see nothing wrong in the reversion of the officer.
SI Ram Avtar Yadav had also joined him at the spot investigation.
The victim and the accused were unrelated but were known to each other.
The defendants cannot be permitted to hold dharnas / demonstrations wheresoever they may desire.
Pertinently, this so called final list is not a part of the arbitral record.
For instance, there could have been delay in the subsequent steps as aforesaid.
Therefore, his legal representatives could not be substituted in his place.
It also did not provide for any consequence for its disobedience.
Undeniably, post facto extensions were granted, after expiry of the agreed periods.
According to Dr Singhvi, the petitioner was nothing but a spoiler.
Trade Union has a right to pursue its Trade Union activities by peaceful methods.
Petitioner was working as Assistant Teacher in a school of Municipal Corporation of Delhi.
Vide charge - memo dated 3. 9. 1980, charge - sheet alleging Tribunal has recorded a finding as under
Appellant would be entitled to costs in sum of Rs. 10, 000 / - against the respondent.
The accident dated 23rd July, 2002 resulted in grievous injuries to the appellant.
It cannot be said that the product was unknown in India.
He denied the suggestion that the deceased was accompanied by any other person.
Strictly speaking, therefore, no issue could be raised by the respondent on this point.
AIR be listed as a separate category in the cause list as miscellaneous application.
No public notice was issued regarding loss of documents in the Newspaper etc.
Urban compulsions and a burgeoning middle class has completely transformed these practices
apart from them they have two other brothers Dharam Pal and Randhir Singh.
These proposals are then forwarded to the Selection Committee at the District level.
After the above reply was submitted, no action was taken for a long time.
Thus, it creates a suspicion about the authenticity of this letter.
It is universally accepted that overweight people have tendency to suffer from many diseases.
The petitioner has also made full payment and deposited all documents.
Every disability takes away some pleasure of life or the other.
The plaintiffs in this case are motivated by their self - interests.
The order of the Labour Court is thus clearly not in accordance with law.
It is obviously a case where PW - 2 was won over after more than 2 years
In passing a special Act, Parliament devotes its entire consideration to a particular subject.
The Arbitrator�s approach in this regard can hardly be found faulted
This process of action had been totally ignored by the petitioner.
This provision for further reference is also known as an appeal.
As noticed above, no objection in these terms has been laid before this court.
I have heard the counsel for the parties and have perused the record.
It shows that current account No. 1732 was opened in the name of Mahindra Estates
Rent Control Journal 161 exhaustively considered the provisions of Section 25B of the Act.
It is not disputed that the rate of rent was Rs. 1320 / - per month.
He gave his opinion that injury No. 4 could be caused by the darati
We have considered the aforesaid submission in the light of the records.
Third, the question of rates is first gone into by the Tariff Enquiry Committee.
Two punch witnesses Pradeep Kumar and Ved Prakash, were joined in the team.
While sitting in the car we waited for Pehlwan who was called by Kale.
He also withheld material facts from the Court which defeated the Court 's directions.
These lorry receipts were accepted in violation of the terms of sanction
The minimum sentence for the offence of rape of this kind is seven years.
The injuries 16 and 17 indicate that the attack was on the womb.
A copy of the Scheme is enclosed for perusal, information and sake of clarity.
Keeping in view the peculiar circumstances, the restoration was sympathetically considered in this case.
All disputes shall be subject to the jurisdiction of appropriate court situated at Guwahati.
It was to the effect that he did not own any other property.
Therefore, there is no infirmity in the order of the Tribunal
In the clarificatory letter an example to the following effect was given
The view taken by the Arbitrator is plausible and a possible view.
However, she stated that she had no instructions to make such a statement.
When it is legal act by illegal means over act is necessary.
In other words, he was actually run over by the train and not otherwise.
the chargesheet had been filed as on the date of filing of the suit
An independent judiciary is indispensable to the implementation of this right
The case of a right acquired under the Act is stronger.
In fact every partner is liable for an act of the firm.
During the pendency of the suit, certain payments were made by the defendants.
The predecessor of the petitioners was employed as a driver with the respondent DTC.
He be apprised of this order through the concerned jail superintendant
The facts on which the petitioner seeks the relief are not in dispute.
Every notification issued under sub - section (1) shall be laid before each House of Parliament
however, in case of latter situation, it stands on totally different footing.
Thus, there is no infirmity in the sale of the mortgaged asset
Everything at the auctions was as per his orders and instructions.
the High Commission in Delhi, Deputy High Commissions in Bombay, Calcutta and Madras.
The said part of the award is not under challenge before this Court.
The petition is accompanied with an application for condonation of delay.
This sub contract was awarded on the basis of tender invitation.
The figures reveal that whereas for the year 2000, expenditure claimed is Rs. 83 crores
According to the petitioner, plastic is made of film grade propylene.
Nothing should be done which gives an appearances of bias, jobbery or nepotism.
They have filed a petition before the High Court of Judicature at Allahabad.
In view of observations made herein above, no ground for adjournment is made out.
No prosecution ought to be ordered unless reasonable probability of conviction is found.
Later a compromise was effected on 15th July 2002 but this was short lived.
In other words, full recovery was made at the issue price.
She deposed that the deceased used to give her Rs. 10, 000 / - for household expenses.
In spite of issuance of Provisional Certificate, Appellant did the not pay bonus amount.
Petitioner submitted written submission but did not avail the opportunity of hearing
Petitioner No. 3 and 4 are the brother and unmarried sister of the husband
Resettlement colonies numbering forty six were also identified as lacking in adequate public toilets
That Cell Operator shall take special precautions for fire safety, lightening etc.
After hearing Rajesh, I spoke to people regarding the sale of our house.
There is nothing on record to suggest that payment was made and not accepted.
They were to be placed in the pay scale of Rs. 1400 - 2300 / -, which was to be treated as entry grade.
Here it would be useful to refer to paras 30 & 31 of the said judgment as under
As a result, the petitioner and the other coaccused were convicted under Section 498A IPC.
According to him, the present rate is about Rs. 3, 600 / - to Rs. 4, 000 / - per month.
The appellant SI Tej Singh Verma was the Investigating Officer in case FIR No. 294 / 87.
Similar is the position with regard to the execution of a decree.
It is obvious that it was plaintiff who was in breach of the contract with the defendant.
Out of the pleadings of the parties, the learned labour court framed the following issues
Aggrieved by the said order, the present petition has been filed
We have also examined the terms of the agreement between the respondent / assessee and IMG Canada.
On raising alarm all the accused persons fled away from the spot.
In view of the disputed questions of fact, the matter has to be posted for evidence.
Therefore, accused Rajesh is entitled to be acquitted of the charge under Section 307 read with Section 34 IPC.
There is no infirmity in the finding of the Claims Tribunal and the same is upheld
The senior counsel for the petitioner has not challenged the said part of the interim award
In the present case itself, the petitioner had rendered more than 14 years of service in Navy.
By an order dated 26th October 2005 the said revision petition was dismissed on the ground of maintainability.
I, therefore, consider that the trial court rightly observed that those documents appeared to be forged and fabricated.
The services of a person on probation are liable to be terminated without assigning any reason
Therefore, he could not question the validity of reserving that point against SC vacancy.
The accused Javed insisted on marrying Poonam, however, she was brought home.
The fact remains that a sale deed was duly executed and registered.
The receipt dated 18th December 1995 for Rs. 21, 76, 965 was also forged by applying white fluid
It leaves no discretion of the court where proceedings are pending.
The trial court did not find this to be a material contradiction.
Therefore, the theory of legitimate expectation cannot be successfully advanced by temporary, contractual or casual employees.
In the present case, the assessee is dealing with the manufacture and sale of marble stones.
Similarly, whether the explanation offered by the assessee was bona fide or not is a question of fact.
In this regard, Section 5 (2) of the MRTP Act is relevant and this reads as follows
No other evidence was available on record to corroborate the retracted statement of the appellant.
Lastly, I find that the said Circular is not in accordance with the Regulations.
By these petitions filed under Article 226 of the Constitution of India the petitioners have sought the following prayers
Therefore, the argument that the claim was barred by limitation has to be rejected
Therefore, we are of the opinion that the petitioner fulfilled the educational qualification.
In view of the foregoing observations, the writ petitions are hereby dismissed.
Accordingly, it is claimed that defendant company had failed to supply goods worth Rs. 3, 18, 24, 381 / -.
In the circumstances, the role of the Deputy Commissioner also has to be considered by the Court.
The respondent No. 1 is alleged to have agreed to bear the cost of such training.
I have carefully gone through the statement made by PW 1 the father of the injured in the FIR.
It was in these circumstances that the testimony of the witnesses was rejected by Supreme Court.
The present petition has been filed by the Petitioner challenging that very order.
For the year 2004 - 05 the Initiating Officer recommended that petitioner be rated as ‘Very Good’.
Injury No. 12 and 13 are on the left hand and the left wrist.
Somewhat a similar question came up for consideration in that court.
Consequently, he did commit criminal contempt for which he deserves to be punished.
Section 49 (1) deals with the computation of cost with reference to certain modes of acquisition.
However, none of these pleas and contentions has been considered by the Tribunal.
On 17. 02. 2004, directions were given in this contempt petition which inter alia reads as follows
All the above facts were, however, not brought to the notice of the Court.
Moreover, the petitioner in this petition has not challenged the said letter as discriminatory.
However the plaintiff was not interested to sell the suit property.
what to talk of 9 committing the offence in the manner alleged by Kamlesh
The said order was made in the presence of the respondent / tenant.
This was told by the Presiding Officer in presence of the petitioner.
Accused Prakash said that even Ram Chander should not be spared.
The meeting between the visitor and the inmate takes place in a crowded room.
The accident dated 14th January, 1999 resulted in the death of Ramesh.
He contended that the petitioner was needlessly implicated, to present a scapegoat.
However, the defendants have failed to prove that any such partition took place.
The bank started deducting a sum of Rs. 250 / - per month from his salary.
He admitted that the testator was worried about his daughter, Rashmi’s handicap.
This submission of the counsel for the appellant is bereft of any merit.
However in that case the Apex Court was pleased to further observe that Bail.
The compositions of the Plaintiffs' preparations and the Defendants' preparations are different.
The orders in respect of other two cases are also in identical terms
The request of the counsel for the appellant appears to be genuine.
The parties had not agreed to any time schedule also for mediation.
It would be appropriate to reproduce the following observation of the Supreme Court
Great art is the outward expression of an inner life in the artist.
It must not be casual nor must it be for oneself nor for pleasure.
Upon reaching the police station, the petitioners 1 and 2 were made to sit separately.
But when S. 106 speaks of a contract I think it means a valid contract.
Such extension shall be communicated to the Contractor by the Engineer in writing.
It has pity neither for beautiful nature nor for living human beings.
Hence, it is urged that Maya Devi has to be disbelieved.
Yours faithfully, (Kuldip Rai) Deputy Secretary to the Government of India.
Blood was oozing from the fore - head of the HC Param Hans.
The rationale adopted by the Arbitrator is nothing but an interpretation of the clause.
This decision has no application to the facts of the present case.
It is for this reason that the Petitioner did not acquire any consultancy rights.
At that time the matter was settled with the intervention of neighbours
On 13th July 2010, Respondents issued a termination notice on the following grounds
The Assessee is a charitable society engaged in the promotion of Hindi language.
Parties shall be bound by the statement made in Court today.
I find no ground to interfere with the award passed by learned arbitrator.
But, testimony of appellant and bills on record cannot be treated as gospel truth.
A copy of this order be also sent to the Chief Secretary, Government compliance.
The accident has taken place on 24. 4. 1992. deceased was about 42 years old
Accordingly, a decree of Rs. 15, 000 / was passed in favour of the respondents
that was a dispute about the family settlement with the government
The copies of the receipts issued by the MCD have been enclosed.
In view of the aforesaid, we find no merit in this petition.
On conclusion of investigation, the challan was filed against the appellant.
The issues 4, 5, 6, & 8 are thus decided in favour of plaintiff and against the defendant
The word 'cruelty' has not been defined in the Hindu Marriage Act.
He be apprised of this order through the concerned Jail Superintendant
Version of the prosecution is that the special report had been taken by Const.
The objectors / petitioners have chosen to remain silent on the same.
The Division Bench vide judgment dated January 30, 2006 has held as under
With this principle of law in view, the evidence has to be judged.
The plaintiff made the following claims against the defendant before the arbitrator
However, the fine part of the sentence was enhanced to rupees one lakh
The defendant also relied upon a Public Notice dated 30. 07. 2007 issued by the plaintiff.
No other issue arises nor any other plea has been raised.
The Plaintiff shall however be entitled to costs of the suit from the Defendants.
It is a real factor and has to be proved by real evidence.
it also specifically states, wherever deviations were found from the sanctioned plans.
Letter dated 14 / 11 / 1995 and 08 / 12 / 1995 was issued to the employer for production of ledgers.
Circumstances of a case play a very important role in appreciating evidence
A necessary party is one without whom no order can be made effectively
Thus, there is ample explanation of injuries sustained by the appellant - Jagan Nath.
Thus, clearly the break in service could not have been condoned.
As a result of which, he continues to be a member of the society.
In reply to para 1 of the plaint, it is pleaded as under
To avoid prolixity, discussion in the said judgment is not being repeated herein.
The application of the defendant could be dismissed on this ground itself
The respondent sought some time for making the payment because of financial difficulties.
first was her mother and the second whose name she does not know.
The tobacco industry should not be allowed to circumvent the ban.
The allottee is not permitted to carry on any other trade.
The seized materials were sent to the Forensic Science Laboratory for scientific examination.
He can adjudicate only those claims which arise directly out of the contract.
The appellant could not sustain the plea with reference to any documentary evidence.
thereafter the accused and his wife retired for the night in the adjoining room.
If so at what rate, at what amount and for what period?
Brijpal could not be located anywhere either by the complainant or by her brothers.
Such an application is maintainable under the provisions of the Companies Act.
In such a situation, right to appeal under Section 37 (1) (b) will also be circumvented.
He was asked to make representation, if any, within a period of 15 days.
However in Para 35 of the writ petition the following averment is made
Therefore, the question of the applicability of that provision did not arise.
other documents such as Ration Card, Electricity Bills and photographs etc
The appellant was 13 years of age at the time of accident.
It is against this order that the tenants have preferred the present petition.
The defendants had entered into an agreement for reconveyance of the property.
Punishments on account of corruption and moral turpitude are to be viewed seriously
Necessary corollary is that the conviction of the accused persons is upheld
The petition is liable to be dismissed on this ground alone
Moreover, the right to receive pension cannot be taken away retrospectively.
Therefore the objection to the award as regards Claim No. 1 are not sustainable.
The Division Bench of this Court requisitioned the file of the Labour Court.
Two documents had been produced during the inquiry for cross - examination of witnesses.
But considering that no dispute is raised by the respondents in this regard.
The said house was towards the end of the said gali.
The accused used to reside on the footpath at the corner of the lane.
I consider that the appeal cannot succeed on either of the counts.
Respondent Nos. 1 and 2 are the owner and driver of the offending vehicle.
Age of deceased was 38 years at the time of this accident.
Further, no Test Identification Proceedings were conducted with respect to the battery.
Whether the case of the claimant that he has suffered loss is proved?
Three questions, under these circumstances, arise for consideration of this court.
Both the prior and subsequent proceedings are civil proceedings prosecuted by the same party
The petitioner did not have any immovable property in his name.
Apparently, in the facts and circumstances, the petitioner has concealed the material facts.
Plaintiff and defendant nos. 31 to 51 are the only legally appointed members of the society
Accordingly, no reliance can be placed on this photo copy of the list.
The issue is, therefore, decided in favour of the plaintiffs and against the defendants
This witness has stood the test of examination and cross examination
This writ petition runs into 42 pages and the prayers are five in number.
It was urged that the experts‘ reports did not support this theory
Thus, the Tribunal has rightly taken this as the income of deceased
We may, therefore, look for then definition in some other statute.
To consider the matter further the following documents may be furnished urgently
Undoubtedly, a photocopy is at best secondary evidence of the original.
The defendants filed an appeal against the decision on the question of jurisdiction.
The relevant observations are in para 14 and 15 of the judgment which are as follows
Other police personnel came in a police Gypsy and two wheeler scooters.
However, I do not find the same to be possible in the present case.
Parawise comments of Professor and Head, Department of Microbiology, AFMC Pune are as follows
And, both, managerial service and consultancy service, are provided by humans.
A day prior, Rakesh and Kishan had received wages from the glass factory.
He submitted that she was found of knitting and she knitted a lot
It is not disputed that the defendant No. 1 was authorized to sell.
The law in this behalf in India is clear and explicit.
Rule was issued on 25th September, 2000 and the interim order made absolute.
However, the learned Tribunal dealt with this case as ordinary civil case.
The technical expert shall carry all the equipments with him for preparing mirror images.
The delay in filing the application being IA No. 11026 is hereby condoned.
The objections against the valuation by the workers unions were rejected after consideration.
There is no complaint that the Contractor failed to do this.
As far as the present case is concerned, this is not the position.
Application procedure, eligibility criteria, course curriculum and fee for the same.
On merits, all the allegations made in the petition are denied
The concept of privacy is incorporated in Section 8 (1) (j) of the RTI Act.
Similarly, no other document, to compare the signatures of Krishan Lal Chugh, were produced.
During trial, the petitioner was given full opportunity to examine his witnesses as plaintiff.
In such areas, it only had a jurisdiction to issue directions
On conclusion of investigation, challan against the appellants was filed in court.
A witness can be cross - examined only on the pleadings and issues.
The costs shall be deposited in the Court within four weeks.
Regular enquiry undertaken by respondent No. 3 enquiry officer without complying with the antecedents steps
He further explained that this punishment was never awarded in reality.
On the contrary the respondent claimed that there was a valid marriage.
The original of the agreement dated 10th February 2000 has not been placed on record.
The petition is accordingly allowed with no order as to costs.
It was published in the newspapers on 18. 02. 2007 which happened to be a Sunday.
Later that year, they visited the defendant’s brother at New York
This writ petition was filed by the Government against the decision of the Tribunal.
Prosecution failed to produce the remaining prosecution witnesses despite various opportunities granted.
On 13th February, 2004, there was no appearance on behalf of the defendant.
Emergency medical treatment wherever necessary should be provided to the child victim
The defendants are claiming specific performance of the agreement contained in the aforesaid documents.
In that eventuality the Plaintiff would have been entitled to commission only.
He further deposed that he was the Patwari of the Village since 1950.
Further, others also did not get the non - functional pay –scale
This aspect has been completely ignored and not considered by the respondent.
He did not complete it even on 20th April 2009 when he completed 62 years.
The petitioner has thereafter filed the present writ petition seeking the following reliefs
That apart, many other grievances were raised before the said respondent.
As a consequence, the petition has been de - registered as a petition seeking quashing
You have not helped the Society in getting the land from DDA.
It has to be borne in mind that compensation for loss of MAC App.
In view of the above discussion, the present petition stands dismissed.
Service had to be effected by ordinary process as also by Regd.
But for such inference there must be firm foundation of facts pleaded and established.
No conveyance has been mentioned or brought on record, because there is none.
It is worth noting that a query was made under the RTI Act.
The filing of FIRs against each other had aggravated the situation.
These jhuggi clusters constitute a major chunk of the total population of the city.
Rule 3 of the Code till the proceedings were pending before the Collector.
Sunder and Manoj checked my pocket but they did not find any money.
That order has attained finality, as it was not challenged thereafter by the respondents.
The said contention, though not expressly, was accepted by the Supreme Court.
It is not known as to how the child would flower in life.
The requirement of law is that the charge must give the full particulars.
Before the Arbitrator, two contentions / objections were raised by the petitioners.
The trial court is yet to take a final view in the matter
There are no shareholders and there is no distribution of profits.
The conclusion as well as the reasoning of the High Court is incorrect.
All these objections were considered by the Arbitral Tribunal and dismissed / rejected.
The registered office of the company is situated within the jurisdiction of this Court
Her capacity to maintain good relationship with the colleagues was also adversely commented upon.
The Regulations do not provide recovery of penalties, but depend on Tariff Orders.
There is, in my view, no merit in this objection either.
Notarized copy of Change of Land Use Certificate issued by the competent authority.
This Court is therefore, unable to award compensation for loss of earning capacity.
The other claim made by Union of India was about interest over this amount.
The remaining area is used as park by the residents of the Village.
In none of the judgments aforesaid, the provisions of Section 29 have been discussed.
No opinion was expressed by the Supreme Court in that regard.
The tribunal cannot take over the functions of the disciplinary authority.
However, it was stated that the cost of repair was highly exaggerated.
However, he did not remember names of the persons who had signed the documents
The representative of the petitioner, however, did not agree to that figure.
The relevant portion of the testimony of the witness reads as under
In the contract, the quantity stipulated was 47, 000 MT, however, this quantity was variable.
It is the place where a person has fixed home or abode.
Consequently the plaintiff filed Suit No. 1574 of 1994 in the civil court
I have considered the arguments advanced by the advocates for the parties.
Plaintiff was unable to contact any of the defendants to get his amount refunded.
The relevant extract of the minutes of meeting reads as follows
In the considered view of this Court, this decision cannot help the petitioners.
The application has been strongly opposed on behalf of the defendants.
It does nto matter whether the latter person does so fraudulently or otherwise.
His only grievance is that he should be granted pensionary benefits.
According to the plaintiff, the execution of the Will is surrounded by suspicious circumstances.
He started firing upon the police party after getting down from the car.
The award dated 18th July, 1998 is consequently set aside and quashed.
Proof of actual damage is a sine qua non to claim damages.
Section 18 (6A) of the Sick Industrial Companies (Special Provisions) Act, 1985 reads as follows
The respondent is aged 14 years and is accompanied by his father.
Old stitched wound on left thigh – 2 stitches – 12. 5 cms below iliac crest
Thereafter the matter has remained pending in this Court for about eight years.
In the present case, it has not been shown how the contract is statutory.
They were also not in the list of those who were expelled.
It was submitted that there was no corroborative evidence in this case.
A husband was the tenant of a house on a weekly tenancy.
no reply has been filed by the petitioner to this show cause notice
According to the said applicant the other bidders were for namesake.
The non - official members are invariably members of all such Committees.
In the circumstances, the plaintiff also cannot claim ad - interim injunction
Respondent 's application under Section 17 of the Arbitration & Conciliation Act is dismissed
in any form, at any time, about any fact relevant or irrelevant.
The rate of interest in the year 1992 was to the tune of 12% per annum.
this person by the name of Hajma has not come into the witness box
The working of the management suffered setback due to unauthorized absence of the workman.
The amount of the loan was to the extent of Rs 37, 00, 000 / -.
The Executing Court appointed a Local Commissioner to visit the Decree Holder No1.
He was a resident of D - 84 Saket, a building right opposite D - 105 Saket
surrender of seats of the All India quota, if unfilled, to the State quota
They took the bus to a deserted place in the night.
Placing reliance on earlier pronouncement, the Court had laid down the applicable principles thus
The efforts of the plaintiff to contact the defendant also failed.
The following order was passed by this Court while disposing of the said petition
An amount of Rs. 1, 50, 000 / - was paid by the petitioner in advance.
Most of the subscribers were companies incorporated with the Registrar of Companies.
Learned Appellate Judge has noted that not even a handwriting expert was examined.
The total weight of the heroin recovered from the 7 packets weighed 1704 gms
There is no such specific consequence under section 74 (7) of the said Act.
We are, therefore, satisfied that no case of discrimination is made out.
This Court has carefully perused the suicide note of the deceased.
He cannot be treated differently from others who are serving their life sentence.
It was observed that her father personally used to take care of her education.
The impugned order is also contrary to the instructions which govern the subject.
The Government of India is also entitled to remove the nominated Directors.
The finding of the learned Tribunal in this regard is set aside
The relevant portion of the said order is reproduced as under
Respondent approached appellant several times and asked him to pay the amount.
In the circumstances, the notice served on the respondent was sufficient.
There is sufficient material to frame charge against all the accused persons.
the revolver of the accused also evidenced three cartridges fired from its chamber
out of the seven years of imprisonment which had been awarded to him
He gave statement implicating appellant only after the death of Rajesh
It is also clarified that no past cases will be reopened.
The contention of counsel for the claimant is that the Tribunal has MAC.
He prayed for a mandatory injunction to compel the appellant to re - employ him.
As per the final findings, the recommendation of the Designated Authority was as follows
The original award, as tagged in the file, is not properly arranged.
In fact, Satish‘s presence at the scene itself is doubtful.
As such the claim of the plaintiff lies against the defendant no. 1 only
Jaspreet Virdi did not inform Romesh Sharma about the death of the deceased
The goods bearing the trademark NESTLE are available in more than 130 countries, including India.
He claimed an income of Rs. 5, 000 / - per month at the time of the accident
Ajay tried to save Ram Singh and was assaulted by Satya Prakash and Harish.
Thereafter, the respondent was to take steps for service of judgment of the petitioner.
The petitioner has submitted that he had innocently signed the form.
Arjun Dass, Prem and Santosh Kumar also entered in his house.
The contract between RFA 362 / 2005 the plaintiff and defendant no. 2 was an independent contract.
The relevant portion of the judgment of the Tribunal reads as under
It is not necessary to repeat the said discussion in this judgment.
That the petitioner / landlord does not own any other reasonably suitable residential accommodation
The relevant observation is reproduced hereunder for the sake of reference
This is the background to the incident and the stated motive of the crime.
On that basis the Petitioner was served with a direct theft bill for Rs. 2, 52, 074 / -.
We note that in said case the delay was of about 18 days.
It is argued that on same basis, the said Act applies to petitioner also.
The motive for the deceased to inculpate innocent persons has emerged in this case.
No charge of misconduct, in law, was made out against the petitioner.
He was deputed on a bus running between Delhi and Bullandshehar.
The petitioner had only agreed for sympathetic consideration of this demand.
This clearly shows lack of application of mind by the Court.
Before something amounts to an order of the State Government two things are necessary.
Consequently, we see no reason to interfere with the impugned order.
The principles which govern construction of arbitration agreements have been stated as follows
The appellants have also been convicted for the offence punishable under Section 148 IPC.
Both these applications were dismissed on 19. 11. 1999 as withdrawn and as not maintainable, respectively.
They migrate because they have no means of livelihood in the villages.
Thus the said contention raised by the M & H Contractors is without any merit
The first sentence does suggest that the applicant was arrested in Srinagar.
There is hardly a dispute to the examination of this witness
Consequently, Rule 47 has no application to the facts of the present case
Sir, It has been brought to the notice of this office by S / Sh.
Subhash managed to ran away from the spot, but Trilok was apprehended by him.
Chander, Lakhan and Mullaji came on the second floor of the factory.
Sribhagwan, they saw the appellant Ram Dass coming from the opposite direction.
During the course of investigation, the name of the present petitioners had surfaced.
There shall however be no order as to costs of the present proceedings.
The following substantial questions of law were framed for consideration in these appeals
It is true that there was delay in lodging the report to the Police.
The learned Metropolitan Magistrate has consigned the case file to record.
From 24. 05. 1985 onwards, he was at home, but still suffering from certain ailments.
Thus, the supplementary statement of Virender Singh would have little or no value
the builder / developer has not submitted any fresh application till date
In such circumstances, Section 25 (1) of the Water Act cannot obviously thereafter be enforced.
After disaffiliation this reservation of 85% seats for students of Delhi region will vanish.
Issue no. 10 is decided in favour of the plaintiff and against the defendant
The participation need not in all cases be by physical presence.
The weapon of contempt cannot be used in cases where conditional order is passed.
Pertaining to the plea of false answers, the law is clear.
Obviously, they would be extremely perturbed, confused and in a state of excitement.
Claimants / respondents No. 1 to 4 have filed cross - objections seeking enhancement of the award amount
Therefore, the reliefs sought cannot be granted by the civil court, and are barred
She saw her mother bleeding from an injury in the abdomen.
However, during that game, the deceased sustained severe injury in his groin.
Undoubtedly, the public exchequer stands burdened by the proceedings which have been necessitated.
At that stage, the final outcome of the proceeding is not relevant.
The question must be viewed in the larger context of business necessity or expediency.
This policy has not been modified under the approval of the competent authority.
To this extent the testimony of these three witnesses is corroborative.
Reply has been filed by the respondent and thereafter arguments have been heard.
On account of continued absence, the services of the petitioners were discontinued.
Licences in form L - 9 shall be granted only to the working distilleries.
Accordingly, on 17th December 2007 the present writ petition was filed by him.
On 18th September 1997 the building plans were sanctioned after a delay of 11 months.
On completion of investigation, charge sheet against the appellants was filed
In Amrut Lal (supra), the Supreme Court was concerned with the validity of SAFEMA.
The measure of this loss being the cost of replacing these services.
The petitioner / defendant is the daughter - in - law of the respondent / plaintiff.
From these 5 plenary proceedings spring appeals and revisions against interlocutory orders
The following are the acts which are components of the said offence
When he was shown the said letter dated 29. 02. 1980 he gave evasive answer.
The Appellate Authority shall pass speaking order on this aspect within 8 weeks from today.
It is true that there is no finding in the strict sense.
The company had undertaken the expenses on tickets for the Appellant\\\ 's visit abroad.
these same rights devolved upon Net Ram who was thus not a mere pujari.
Therefore, in the facts of the instant case the multiplier of 15 shall be applicable
This is what was observed in para no. 33 of the impugned judgment
The terms of the agreement between the parties have not been brought on record.
Thus, it cannot be said to be a non - speaking order.
The very sight of blood unnerves even those who have nerves of steel.
The certificate is issued by the Directorate of Education in a format.
The offence punishable under Section 307 IPC relate to the injuries caused on Shanker.
The essential requisites of a debt are therefore (1) an ascertained or readily calculable amount
The vaginal swab of the prosecutrix did not have the semen of the accused.
Let it be seen whether the contention advanced by Shri Ganguli is tenable
It first noticed the infringement in 1986 and immediately sent a legal notice.
The deceased was admittedly proved to have been stabbed inside her house.
Whether the plaintiffs are entitled to a decree for Rs. 24, 08, 990 / - as damages?
In Hasanbhai Valibhai Qureshi (supra), the Supreme Court observed as under
Thereafter, some disputes arose between the parties, who started living separately.
He also stated that on 26. 10. 91, Anand and Satish were apprehended from Jahangirpuri.
The petitioner would have liberty to raise the disputes before an appropriate forum
No doubt, the petitioner has no vested right to seek migration.
However, it appears that the respondent has acted under a bonafide legal advise.
The invoices cannot be said to have been proved in accordance with Law.
Prior to 21st May, 2009, nine opportunities were given for cross examination of this witness.
This person had testified in the witness box in the enquiry.
The impugned order, and charges framed against the Petitioners are hereby set aside.
The jurisdiction of Civil Court is barred under Section 331 of the Act
As such, too much reliance cannot be placed upon the evidence of motive.
The name of Shri Gopalkrishna Gandhi appeared to me to be suitable.
The plaintiff contends that this news and information was also price - sensitive information.
Similarly, no prescription concerning special diet has been brought to my notice.
His leg has shortened by ½ an inch and his face is disfigured by scars.
The petitioner worked in the Army as Hawaldar for a period of 15 years.
the title had vested with the government after the award had been passed.
However, the techniques that are to be used should be modern and scientific.
Accordingly, WPC No. 2739 / 1999 departmental enquiry was initiated against the Petitioner in this regard
Writ Petition is restored to the original position on the file of the Court.
He, therefore, felt that the evidence of motive was quite fragile
I have recorded her statement w / o administering any oath to her.
On this, PW Deepak and the deceased Kari started arguing with them.
The argument of counsel for respondent that petitioner can apply afresh has no merit.
Those were the very allegations she was making in the complaints.
It is clear from the letter dated 17. 10. 2005 wherein it is stated as under
It is incumbent that the court must arrive at this satisfaction in this behalf.
The plots are adjacent to each other and form a corner block.
The reason is obvious, the register did not have page numbers.
The complainant, Anil Prakash Nijhawan, was tracking the progress of the application.
The products of the plaintiff and the defendants were entirely different.
The rate of rent at that point of time was Rs. 2, 145 / - per month.
After completion of investigation, the challan was filed in the Court.
I was under trauma and sorrow due to untimely death of my wife.
Defendant has vehemently argued that the plaintiff has fabricated its record
CPR was done But the child could not be Resuscitated and was declared dead.
Arm bones and forearm bones were charred on the right side.
The medical certificate filed by defendant is for a disease of gastro enteritis.
The hospital concerned in that case was Deen Dayal Upadhyay Hospital.
However, in spite of repeated requests even thereafter, these documents were not supplied.
I have heard counsel for the parties at considerable length and perused the records
The demands of bribe by Shri Puran Singh also came to light.
simple injuries on the person of Vimal Chand by a sharp weapon
thus this does not seem advisable, though this is the present situation
The result was the death by asphyxiation of 59 persons and injuries to over 100 persons.
The issue is accordingly answered against the defendants, and in favour of the plaintiff.
They are living in commensuality ever since the Petitioner No. 1 was born.
Company in different classes has been filed as a document with the written statement.
The question of transfer of property in favour of the defendant does not arise.
A feverish attempt was made by urging that the same could be planted
However, I have perused the same from the record as produced by the respondent.
it was entitled to be exempt from prosecution by the complainant.
The public interest element will vary depending on the stage of the investigation.
Necessary order in this behalf must be passed by the State.
Though, it also mentions of a compromise, yet compromise cannot be read
There is also another small tin - shed in one corner of the suit property.
The petition is disposed off in terms of the above directions.
The contract in question envisaged usage of 6200 MT of steel in fabrication.
However, he has not been granted officiating pay during the said period.
The two principles on which damages in such cases are calculated are well - settled.
The defendant has filed written statement and the reply to the application.
It cannot impede right of appeal and particularly the constitutional remedy.
The report of the process server in this regard reads as under
A bank guarantee is furnished by a contractor in accordance with the contract.
Under these circumstances, the impugned demand of the appellants is hopelessly time barred.
It is this award which is the subject matter of challenge through these petitions.
Part IV, which comprises of Sections 29 and 30, deals with apportionment of compensation
Their applicability would depend on the factual situations of each case.
The normal conduct of a murdered is to flee and not hang around
In my opinion no fault at all can be found with these findings.
Clause 4A of MOA defines active members of the association which reads as below
Thus, he went to the house of the prosecutrix and recorded her statement.
the pieces of brick were seized by the police from the spot.
Candidate must follow the instructions strictly as given in the Information Bulletin.
The original borrowers were fully aware of the attachment of this property.
The DIG directed the then commandant to enquire about the above said complaint
We direct that this be done within a period of eight weeks from today
It is not clear at all that during her pregnancy, Fatema received the benefits.
and 1 injury (serial No. 4) is on the upper half left leg
The said finding of fact also cannot be regarded as perverse by this Court
If everything has been done, then there is nothing which the document brings about.
In fact some of the reliefs prayed for are also distinct.
The shares of the claimants in the enhanced award amount shall be as under
His instinct, naturally so, was to rush to the owner of the hotel.
He submitted that the Minister\ 's statement was a clear statement.
The said amount shall be paid to the plaintiff, within four weeks.
The foyer gate was in fact broken open by the Fire department officials.
The Tribunal has upheld the order of CIT (A) on two grounds, namely
Therefore, the petitioner accepted the impugned order and acted upon it without any reservations.
These are trivial inconsistencies or discrepancies, in the opinion of the court.
The targets of this violence were Sikhs living in various parts of Delhi
She has a sibling, a brother, elder to her by 10 years.
Thus, the petitioner committed criminal breach of trust and criminal contravention of the properties.
She gave her child to the appellant and went to the kitchen.
It was submitted that the said order did not decide this issue.
The witness, with the help of police, took the injured to the hospital.
As per that report, the assessee had declared bogus agricultural income.
Dal Chand, the husband, used to work in Embassy as also his father.
We also have no evidence that he is capable of being rehabilitated in society.
Likewise, in the records no objective material is available to support such a criteria.
The ratio of these cases do not support the pleas of the applicants.
In the following paragraphs, other grounds taken in the application are answered as follows.
The petitioner has also pointed out the objections raised by the auditor.
Injured Jitender Kumar Shokeen was one of the students Moti Lal Nehru College.
These proceedings are usually in camera the same are not made known publicly.
One thing more need to be dealt with before parting with this judgment.
As per the sale deed dated 4. 1. 1989, for one bigha the sale price was Rs. 1, 60, 000 / -.
The performance of the petitioner was also not good in winter semester.
Civil Lines, presently pending in the Court of learned ACMM, Tis Hazari Courts.
Thereafter, under the instructions of this Court the Decree Holder was paid this amount.
It is submitted that there is no material at all to substantiate such allegation.
There would be no problem in understanding the gravity of such kind of offences.
This includes summoning of witnesses, requiring the production of documents, receiving evidence on affidavits
The right to defence includes right to effective and meaningful defence at the trial.
If no settlement is arrived at by the parties, issues shall be framed.
Jai Prakash Pandey worked as a night watchman on the relevant date.
At the outset, learned counsel for the appellant prays for adjournment.
Thereby the respondents have a statutory obligation to deposit the amount from February 1988 onwards.
CPC while considering the circumstances responsible for the delay in filing the appeal.
The compensation amount awarded by learned Tribunal is just and fair.
The defendant interestingly does not deny having a business relationship with the plaintiff.
Defendant Nos. 4 and 6 are the wives of the third and fifth defendants, respectively.
We have perused the pleadings and considered the submissions of the parties.
Therefore, by its very nature, the suit premises was a residential property.
The decision of the learned Trial Judge may be summarized as under
As far as I remember, his son in law had given me a message.
he is taken to know the law, and he must act within the law.
The deceased was forcibly subjected to sexual intercourse by the accused.
Rule 14 CPC for taking additional affidavit on record was dismissed by the trial Court
He also chased the appellant, though he could not catch him.
This is the weakest evidence being produced by the insurance company.
But there is one doctor who is called by the name of Ritesh.
It is also not in dispute that the petitioner is a Chartered Accountant.
The applicants have produced the medical certificates of the counsel for the applicants.
As per the first statement, she was burnt in the balcony.
Nos. 2, 3, 5 & amp; 6 show that the petitioner has been acquitted in those cases.
We are governed by the Constitution and constitutional rights have to be upheld.
When the appellants were arrested, nobody knew that Anurag had been killed.
That apart, the building plans were not in conformity with the building bye - laws.
He then took the appellant to Jaipur Golden Hospital, where police recorded his statement
Thus, there is no scope for enhancement of the compensation on this account
how much amount is towards principal amount and how much towards interest.
The researchers expect rate of urbanisation to also increase in the coming years.
His request was accepted and lump sum amount was paid to the petitioner.
the petitioner was shown to be one of the directors of the company.
The amount of the mahr is generally stated in the nikahnama, or marriage contract.
Accompanied by other staff he reached the spot near Balak Ram Bus Stand Timarpur.
In this context, the Supreme Court in the above mentioned case has also observed
The plaintiff claims to have expanded and diversified its activities and formed subsidiaries
People must share with each other and care for the earth
The aforesaid conviction and sentence has been impugned in this appeal.
The record of the present enquiry be enclosed with the said complaint.
Subsequently, both the appellants was arrested and on interrogation, made disclosure statements.
While computing the pension the above benefit should have been given.
The following paragraph is relevant in so far as the present case is concerned.
The deceased used to come at her residence to see her family members
It cannot be said that the petitioner delayed in approaching the DDA thereafter.
We have heard the learned counsel for the parties at great length.
This issue is accordingly decided in favour of the plaintiff and against the defendant.
In the instant case, all three pre - conditions had been fulfilled.
Due to the said two reasons, Mangat Ram Singhal was annoyed with him.
In the present case, the only reason, being given by the BAIL APPLN.
This would not only lead to revenue loss but to impairment of public interest.
The threat of immediate punishment is the most effective deterrent against misconduct.
The appellant after filing of the appeal was also not represented by any counsel.
the defendants have not shown how they possess such exclusive rights.
In this sense, there is no hostile discrimination between the two categories of persons
Thereafter, the matter was adjourned to 04. 04. 2007 for concluding the evidence of petitioner.
On 29th August, 1997 the petitioner / defendant filed a written statement in the said suit.
The appellants, in spite of notice, have not appeared before this court.
The appellant was well aware of the passing of the judgment and decree.
At this prima facie stage, I am not impressed with this argument.
Still, the Plaintiff was to work primarily for the Delhi office of the Defendant.
SI Champat Singh then reached the hospital and collected the MLC of injured Malti.
The principles which govern grant of interest do not apply to grant of compensation.
It is stated by the petitioners that respondent no. 2 was married about 27 years ago.
It is the responsibility of respondent to produce evidence in support of its claim.
It was for this reason that three years being 2004 - 05, 2005 - 06 and 2006 - 07 were taken into consideration.
The first appellate court again re - appreciated the evidence and came to same conclusion.
The date and the time of the said 8 calls are as under
In her cross - examination prosecutrix categorically affirmed that accused had raped her
I also enquired from accused whether he is having any injury on his body.
Subhash Kalra (since deceased), husband of the said lady was present there.
The department reiterates its earlier decision not to allow migration in this case.
She would also be entitled to benefits under the Assured Progression Scheme.
Such a right could be enforced if a cause of action therefor arose subsequently.
Kishore may not stand by the statement made before the police.
On 14th January 2010, the following order was passed by this Court
The evidence shall be by way of affidavits in the first instance.
The said application was rejected by the second impugned order dated 29th
For these reasons, the Court is satisfied that the injunction sought cannot be granted
Perusal of the documentary evidence also shows decline in the income of the appellant.
The court exercises only a supervisory jurisdiction while examining the same.
There is nothing against accused No. 3 at this stage showing his involvement.
The accident dated 5th January, 2001 resulted in the death of Anil Kumar Malhotra.
Further the packings and the trade dress of the competing goods are totally different.
The Supreme Court at page 547 in Prasar Bharati (supra) had held as under
The said order was directly concerned with the official duties of the Petitioner.
The doctor who has seized the underwear has not been examined.
Counsel for the plaintiff then sought time to file the replication.
The award dated 16th September, 2003 is hereby set aside and quashed.
As per appellant’s own averments, he is taking contradictory stand.
On 9. 1. 1998 at about 8 PM Palvinder had come to his quarter to borrow his cycle.
Following is the order of preference for admission in the under graduate courses.
firstly, the agreements dated 4th February, 1996 and 24th February, 1996 have legal sanctity
My understanding is that the dye used had been treated with a chemical.
The relevant extract of paragraphs 15. 2. 1 and 15. 6. 3 of the Catering Policy, 2005 read as follows
Updated list of short listed candidates will be hosted on ICG website.
Therefore, the Competent Authority has not exercised the judicial discretion in a right manner.
For this proposition he relied upon the following two decisions of Supreme Court
One of the conditions in the said letter is as under
He denied the suggestion that he was a stock witness of the prosecution.
They found the door of the room in a broken condition.
The only dispute is as to whether the machinery was so, used or not
The complainant got photographs of the same day of unauthorized construction raised by accused.
List of dates on behalf of the appellant is on record.
Though, in 1995, when the notification dated 15. 02. 1995 was issued, the position was different.
This document seems to be copy of copy, which is not permissible under law.
In any case, during the course of hearing, no such plea was pressed
The total amount of compensation awarded in the impugned award is Rs. 2 lacs.
He has therefore been rightly convicted u / s 25 of the Arms Act
He is also an eye witness of the incident of stabbing.
Economics and management science, including behavioural science, agricultural policy, market research, and rural sociology.
In the consequence of aforesaid discussion, we allow this authority, respectively.
The defendants are granted three months’ time to vacate the ground floor.
In such case Court may issue process or dismiss the complaint.
In the said case, the assessee - company had two sets of employees.
That in the years 1988 - 89 certain litigations were pending by and against the testator.
On 26. 08. 2002, the dead body of the deceased was sent for post mortem examination.
It means the quantity of sodium level is less than the normal range.
Remaining applicants remained absent and did not produce the requisite documents.
The relevant portion of para 12 of the judgment of the Tribunal is as under
Thereafter, a notice was sent to the General Manager of the DSGMC.
Separate compensation be awarded for pain and suffering and loss of amenities of life.
The claim of interest by the plaintiff @ 12% per annum appears to be reasonable.
The whole amendment only seems to be an effort of delaying the case.
Both issues 9 and 10 are answered in the negative and in favour of the Plaintiff.
In regard to this incident, an FIR was registered at Police Station Behari Garh.
We reverse the finding of the High Court on this aspect.
Admittedly, the notices and summons sent for 13th November, 2006 were not received back.
We cannot by judicial interpretation decrease this period of 365 days to 240 days.
The accused would also be entitled to file a suit for damages.
I may mention that the signed agreement contains all the entries unfilled.
Counsel, thus, contends that just and fair compensation has been awarded by the Tribunal.
But he was deliberately not discharging his liability under the decree.
The Court\ 's duty lies in preventing arbitrariness and denial of equal opportunity.
Suggestions were, therefore, made to take these technical posts out of DASS cadre.
No material has been brought on record to controvert these findings of fact.
he was also directed to pay compensation of Rs. 25, 000 / - and fine of Rs. 5, 000 / -.
On 17. 01. 2008 the accused filed third application pleading guilty to the charges framed against him.
Of course, in such a situation depending upon the facts, the onus may shift.
There is no specific denial of the allegations made in the plaint.
It was also found that there was slight bleeding from vagina.
The deceased told him that he had met Mustaq in a jail.
In its ordinary dictionary meaning it connotes something exceptional in character, extraordinary, significant, uncommon.
In any event, re - appreciation of evidence is not permissible in a revision petition.
The present suit is thus beyond limitation, even from this date as well
The presence of such naturally tends to make the initial onus very heavy
Therein the deceased has made specific allegations against each of the Petitioners.
We find absolutely no infirmity in the impugned order of the Tribunal.
The issue is accordingly answered against the defendants and in favour of the plaintiff.
With the consent of the parties the matter is taken up for final hearing.
Though this is purely a question of fact but this is an important link.
There was darkness in the gali from where the accused persons were running.
Rule 68 (c) on the other hand does not talk of election.
By an order dated 1st May 2007 this Court transferred the appeal to the IPAB.
In the above circumstance no case for review has been made out.
The witnesses appeared and were present in the Court since morning.
The latter mark is quite different and has its own artistic elements
She stated that the police recorded the statement of her daughter at the spot
What is the scope and purport of Section 106 of the Evidence Act?
In fact there is no worth cross - examination at all to these two witnesses.
However learned counsel for the respondents contends that the aforesaid decision is distinguishable.
Counsels play an important role in the resolution of issues in an adversarial system.
There must be states who have never been represented on the national teams.
There is no provision in the contract of denying escalation in the extended period.
In that suit an interim order of status quo was passed.
Section 33 of Act mandates the reserving of posts for the physically disabled persons.
Narender Kumar and Rajesh were taken to DDU hospital for their medical examination.
Issue no. 5 is relevant for the disposal of this appeal which reads as follows
However out of this amount certain part payments were received by the claimant.
Turquand sought to bind the Company on the basis of that bond.
The discrepancies in the testimonies of the said witnesses are as under
No one had come to his jhuggi to enquire about the deceased.
This argument in my opinion is wholly misconceived and is not tenable in law.
He has more particularly relied upon the following portion of the order
On the other hand the husband has sufficient income and a house to himself.
Increase or decrease the quantity of any work included in the contract.
Vidya Sagar the owner of the guest house had been apprehended.
He was rushed to Sanjay Gandhi Hospital and thereafter remained in other hospitals.
She says she is living in a Gurudwara with her eldest daughter for safety.
in absence of the same the petition is liable to be dismissed.
Interestingly the following facts have emerged on the record of this case
Rahul walked behind with a knife in his hand with Suraj accompanying him
But in a relay race the aforesaid would not hold true.
This has been rejected outright by Respondent No. 3 in its reply dated 25 th September.
for this reason the appellant would not be pressing any further hearing.
We must appreciate Shir Ramasesh for his young candour and correct advocacy.
The award under the 1940 Act could in any case be modified by the court.
This witness as well as all other prosecution witnesses were cross - examined.
In any case no wrongful gain was shown to have accrued to the petitioner
Later on the said disciplinary proceedings were substituted from major penalty to minor penalty.
Reading of the Rule would show that it contemplates two situations.
Unless the delay is condoned the court cannot take cognizance of the complaint.
it mentions about modalities for installation of transformer for the Uphaar cinema hall.
Section 285 speaks of negligent conduct with respect to fire or combustible matter.
He concedes that this ACR for the year 2000 - 01 was never communicated to the petitioner.
That the deceased received a sum of Rs. 240000 / - in cash from PW - 4 Nagma.
The show cause notice dated 26. 06. 1999 provides us with the clues to this question.
There is a delay of 455 days in filing of this appeal.
However I am unable to find the said proposition flowing from this judgment.
The appellants are acquitted of the charge of having murdered Bharti.
In both the meetings the petitioner No. 1 is shown to be present.
There is an essential distinction between an appeal and a revision.
Nor it is the claim of plaintiffs that it was selling mineral water.
The accused is no doubt entitled to question and challenge this evidence.
In the morning of that day two boys came to him.
Though the petition is found to be misconceived however no order as to costs.
However the petitioner applicant did not take steps for service of the notice.
The petitioner, in any event, was not privy to the said demands
He submits that such disputes between warring factions do not involve criminality.
There is no dispute that the respondent No. 2 is an unaided minority Institution.
In my view, the aforesaid reasoning of the appellant cannot stand in law.
Pertaining to the other 4 bills it was denied that any delivery was effected
My previous statement is correct which I deposed in my examination - in - chief.
Rejoinder be filed by the petitioner within 8 weeks, after payment of costs.
The only difference is in the property number, area and the rate of rent.
I consider that the order is very much clear and needs no clarification / modification.
You raised an industrial dispute to challenge the termination of your service.
All admitted having seen Naresh live in the house of the deceased.
In these circumstances, the action of the appellant was proved by the Apex Court
This process of admission through counselling has been in place for over 10 years.
In the instant case also the deceased was in critical condition.
At his insistence the appellant informed about his mother 's death to the police
It is highly improbable that prosecutrix would sexually assault the appellant.
The Claims Tribunal did not conduct any inquiry into the matter.
The rest were remitted through Union Bank of India, Yusuf Sarai, New Delhi.
The final bill was raised more than nineteen months after the mechanical completion.
The circular does not require the candidates to be sent to any training institutes.
She is requested to initiate arbitration proceedings and announce the award.
There were no burn injuries on his face, neck and the back.
No foreign matter was present on the surface of the wound.
However, the time is not to be extended in a routine manner.
namely, Sharda Jain, Raj Kumar and Raju took part in the investigation.
He and Panna Lal got Om Prakash admitted in the hospital
and thus the role of the State assumes the welfare hue.
Complainant admits that the Godrej Almirah was and continues to be in her bedroom
it is relying upon certain orders and statutory returns and challans etc.
The same is clearly contrary to the well settled principles of law.
They are prescription drugs, not expected to be sold across the counter.
For the first time, it talks of joint ownership of the property.
The entire expenses of these marriages was borne by the family business
He did not know what happened who took the bus etc.
It is contended that present petition is premature and is liable to be dismissed.
Every stray observation in the judgement cannot be picked up as the ratio decidendi.
The appellant has also not denied that Julfikar Khan was his landlord.
The salary payable to this employee was to be borne by the foreign company.
Persons belonging to different religions live throughout the length and breadth of the country.
The power to legislate has not been conferred on the Courts.
On the next morning she came to know that the deceased had hanged herself
According to him, there is no contradiction in the impugned judgment.
In my view the same would not be relevant for the present purposes
It would be appropriate to deal with the question of conspiracy.
She was inflicted a wound with the knife on her left hand.
An employer could delay payment of Provident Fund dues without any additional financial liability.
The merit list of select candidates is based on the declared number of vacancies
For the sake of prolixity, I shall not advert to these cases.
Whether the Plaintiff is entitled to the amount claimed in the suit?
the petitioner claimed to be not guilty, and was sent for trial
There is no question of ‘computational errors’ on the part of a statutory authority.
Numerous cases have been filed by the parties against each other since then.
Therefore, the age of the accused on the day of occurrence assumes importance.
Issue of ‘No Objection Certificate’ for getting an Indian Passport and visiting aborad.
Accordingly, the present writ petition is without any merit and the same is dismissed.
No marks or extra weightage shall be assigned to the presentation.
The pay - scales and other benefits of the three categories differed.
This is of course one possible way of looking at the issue.
Various options were considered to accommodate these persons in nearby vicinity.
In the present case, the petitioner could not successfully complete his probation.
The application is to be accompanied by the requisite number of plans and statements.
However, the Tribunal after dealing with the contentions passed the following order
This is clear from the following extract of the minutes of the said meeting
Answer was given that it cannot be treated as a separate entity.
Contravention of provisions of this Act, rules, orders and export and import policy
The senior counsel for the respondent has, of course, controverted the aforesaid.
However, objections thereafter she did not adduce any evidence in support of her objections.
the reprimand being on account of Toni teasing his sisterin - law
No witness in defence has been examined by either of the appellants
That he knew Santosh as he used to reside in the same colony.
which was adopted in 1905, and has been in continuous and extensive use, since then.
the petitioner Shivender Bahadur Singh sought letters of administration
He undertook not to launch any new product using the mark Superbrand Forever.
The rule of law is the the foundation of a democratic society.
Benami transactions are prohibited by virtue of Section 3 of the enactment
Thus, Satya Prakash, Raju and Harish must suffer the consequence of their concerted action.
By consent of the parties appeal is taken up for hearing.
After that, I and my wife reached the said Dharamshala of Arya Samaj Mandir.
The work has not been started by you so far even after verbal pursuations.
We note that no names of any nurse was suggested to the witness
The first issue that arises for consideration is the maintainability of the appeals.
She also referred to the dispute about the water from the tap.
Respondent has no other reasonably suitable commercial premises / shop in her above said property.
The appellant feeling aggrieved has challenged the said judgment by way of present appeal
The seizure memo records that the pant bears tears and the pocket was torn.
Therefore plaintiff has claimed that the suit is within the period of limitation.
The averments made by the plaintiff against defendant No. 1 have not been rebutted.
The conflict in this respect however is more apparent than real.
But therefrom itself it cannot be inferred that an interpolation has been made.
The first sample set to be tested should have contained at least 200 units.
The detailed discussion in this behalf is abundantly clear and explicit.
Her father - in - law also sometimes used to verbally abuse her after taking liquor.
One concrete mixer and one pump are essentially required for doing the work.
The defendant had denied that any bill was raised on him.
The remaining amount be kept in fixed deposit for a period of three years.
It was contended that there were two incidents on that date.
The rest of the cheques according to the plaintiff were dishonoured upon presentation.
None of the parties objected to the report of the Local Commissioner.
The Court has considered the materials on record as well as the averments.
At about 3. 20 pm the appellant was apprehended while sitting on the bus stop.
Delhi is home to people from every corner of the country and the world.
According to Mr Kaul similar is the case in the present petition.
There are other two companies also which are using the name of Pharmaplan.
Conviction of the accused persons for a graver offence is not called for.
The same certified that he had suffered 40% permanent disability of the lower limbs.
She claims to be suffering from trauma arising out of the incident, even now.
Both the aforesaid cases are decided by a Single Bench of this court.
The plea of the petitioner is not sustainable in the facts and circumstances.
Proof of injury Proof of disability (if any) Proof of period of treatment.
From this fund the wages of the employees are being paid.
He clarified that the landlady of Ajay later on told him said fact.
No fault can be found with the inquiry report in this regard.
It does not prescribe any separate procedure for determination of civil liability.
Two calls were made to the deceased from his mobile phone.
Surinder Mishra did not inform Romesh Sharma about the death of the deceased
It is winter time in Delhi in the month of December.
Human mind is extremely complex and human behavior is equally complicated.
and Rudra Pratap Singh went to Shahdra Railway Station in a bus.
causing grievous hurt to Bhagat Ram by means of a dangerous weapon
The petitioner had not been able to take any decision by that time.
It looks that the lease deed could not be registered due to some disputes
This in our view would be highly inequitable and unfair to the petitioner
It is a concept fashioned by the courts for judicial review of administrative action.
The answer to this, in the Court’s opinion is two fold.
it depends upon the professional equipment, knowledge and efficiency of the solicitor concerned
Rs. 4000 / - for loss of leaves and Rs. 30 000 / - for loss of promotion.
In the light of the above conclusions, this appeal is allowed.
There is nothing in the record produced before us to this effect.
At this stage it would be relevant to examine the plaint.
At the time of his death the deceased was working as a Superintendent.
That the offence of rape and murder was committed was conceded
On hearing of noise the accused persons ran away from there.
The implication is that Vinod was attacked by a solitary assailant.
Both brothers had to be operated, but Sandeep had to be operated thrice.
Mere congruity or consistency is not the sole test of truth in the depositions.
All employees shall be under probation during their first year of service.
In a friendly manner he used to put his hands on the shoulders.
Explaining the distinction between a legislation and executive action, the Court observed
This judgment does not apply to the facts of the instant case.
In view of the above, we do not find any merit in the appeal.
Smt Santosh Rani, Prince Mohan Aggarwal and Shri Dinesh Kumar Aggarwal.
Nothing has been produced by the petitioner to show his Hindi date of birth.
Lighting conductors – Lightening conductors shall be provided in each cinema building
Consequently, she left the matrimonial home and began living with her parents.
However, at this stage I cannot reach this conclusion in the present case.
There are four provisos added at the end of the lease.
The The third opportunity of personal hearing was availed of by the petitioners
I am his second wife and that his first wife resides in England.
CA a copy of draft rehabilitation scheme which has been filed by them today.
Out of the pleadings of the parties following issues were framed
The trial court decreed the suit filed by the present respondents
Phosphine is a systemic poison and affects all organs of the body.
I told him about this incident and brought him to the spot.
Statement was made by the appellant on the dictation of NCB officials.
The brown powder was tested with the help of Field Test Kit.
In the case of Sunilakhya Chowdhury (Supra) it has been stated as under
She was also held entitled to the interest on the said amount @ 12% per annum.
In order to explain the position it is made clear by the following illustration
Baijal, with whose wife the respondent was alleged to have had adulterous connections.
Whether the plaintiff had no locus standi to file the present suit?
Mr N Waziri with Mr Somesh Arora Mr Praveen Agarwal For the Respondent.
It was asserted that the claim of the respondent was considered and rejected.
The same is within the period of limitation prescribed by law
Whether the plaintiff failed to adhere to the time schedule for completing the work.
There is yet another aspect of the matter which needs consideration.
Anirudh Kumar had not met Jitender till the complaint was lodged.
There was violation of procedure and the petitioner was responsible for the same.
It is not clear whether a regular attendance register was maintained.
It is a fact of which judicial notice must be taken.
That prosecution is weak on the point of identity of petitioners.
As a result of acid burns the whole face of Renu got disfigured.
The Award in question has been made by the consent of both the parties.
The invocation letter would naturally be addressed to the bank issuing the bank guarantee.
The same has been produced and we have perused the same.
Third question projected is whether suit by only one co - owner was maintainable?
He stated that wife of Brij Mohan and his wife are real sisters.
However, the petitioner fails to disclose the date of expiry of his mother.
Consents of both the secured creditors to the scheme of arrangement has been filed.
He stated that he was in possession of the entire plot
In the absence of any such averment, the award cannot be set aside.
Police came to the spot and removed the injured to the hospital.
Union of India through the Secretary, Ministry of Communication and Information Technology are parties.
The findings of the enquiry officer can be summarized as follows
Relevant finding of the Tribunal with regard to the desertion are as under
In fact, the fifth and sixth respondent lived in a different place.
It was submitted that the FIR itself should be treated a show cause notice.
Compensation be awarded for disfiguration and reduction of loss of matrimonial prospects.
The notings also show that the respondent no. 5 joined the complainant in their considerations.
As is evident, both the defendants lay rival claims to ownership of the shares.
A sufficient number of students performing well has an uplifting impact on others.
Only on that short ground the appeal is required to be allowed.
At that time her son Mahipal was also present in the jhuggi.
There was still a shortfall of 19 TTs and L - 27 consisted of 5 bidders offering 31 TTs.
The appellant informed him that his wife had died due to an electric shock.
Such a right was conferred for the first time by the said provision.
Now the para No. 7 of the plaint shall read as under.
But in the case of Directors, position is to the contrary.
He was unable to discharge his duties as a field helper / gangman.
The irregularity or non - compliance therewith would not vitiate further proceedings in all cases.
He submitted that age can never be an intelligible criteria for classification.
The record would show that the petitioner is a resident of District
The respondents herein were arrested in the case during the investigation on different dates.
The gunny bag was opened and the dead body was extracted.
This finding of fact was binding on the High Court in second appeal.
The Hindu law upon this aspect of the case is well settled.
He was taken to the hospital but there he was declared dead
The deceased in this case was working as a head cook in a restaurant.
The result is that benefit of doubt has been given to accused Ramesh
After the enquiry, order of dismissal was passed against both of them.
In the totality of facts and circumstances, the petition is to be allowed.
It is stated that the Department discussed the request in detail.
The post - mortem report shows that the blow was struck with considerable force.
However, the plaintiffs have been unable to establish anything in respect of Shop No. 914.
He submitted that the units of all the petitioners were inspected.
It cannot be presumed that he did not know his own brothers.
In the chief examination he had spoken about the presence of substituted notes.
While notice was directed to issue on 14th May 2004, no interim orders were passed.
We are in complete agreement with the High Court 's view in this behalf.
Thus, there is no unambiguous admission which can be the basis of a decree
Thus the broad arguments of learned counsel for the petitioner are
This material witness has not even been examined by the prosecution
This conclusion of the Tribunal is also based purely on facts.
The suit was permitted to be amended on an earlier occasion.
The same also cannot be distributed as garments to the needy persons.
The said appeal was accompanied by an application for an ad interim stay also.
The question which needs to be considered is, on what date limitation commenced
The present suit is being filed in relation to this property
We also note that the respondent has itself not challenged the said findings.
She also denied any involvement in the murder of her husband.
Firstly, the bus of the appellant had not caused the accident
The brothers along with their family members were carrying on business jointly.
The last argument in this context is also devoid of force.
Inquest proceedings were completed and the dead body was sent for post mortem.
Dalel Singh, the father of Rakesh Kumar was holding a lathi in his hand.
Arun Yadav and Suresh were also present in the truck at that time.
Even in those extraordinary circumstances, the Supreme Court had declined to overlook the laches.
In a case where two views are possible, the Court will decline to interfere
The petitioner admittedly neither filled up / submitted the form nor paid the fee.
He had been doing construction work for various departments including the respondent.
She was also directed to prepare the site plan and take photographs.
Defendant No. 1 also did not hand over vacant and peaceful possession of the property.
In that jhuggi the accused Sanjay used to come with the deceased - Ashok.
I, therefore, reject the claim of Rs. 8 lakhs for loss of reputation.
He went to Mauzpur and called Mulla Ji to the spot.
For the said purpose he was in Bullandshahar on 30th of May
There can be no hard and fast rule governing the matter.
The respondent was appointed with the petitioners as Deputy Mining Engineer.
The appellant has been crippled below waist and his treatment is still continuing.
No cheque book be issued to the claimants without the permission of this Court
It is immaterial whether the case is based on direct or circumstantial evidence.
Still the respondents have not been persuaded to act in accordance with law.
My neighbour had also asked me to make such statement before the police.
Thereafter, the deceased continued to say that her husband burnt her with matches.
It is claimed that there are several businesses being run in the name JOLEN.
That she told him that the daughters were grown up and awake.
The parents and sister of petitioner obtained anticipatory bail from the court.
Two separate criminal cases were instituted in connection with the arrest of the Petitioner.
In my view, there can be no dispute with these observations.
He confirmed to them that respondent No. 1 was staying in Gurudwara Sheesh Ganj.
This is on the assumption that the petitioner is residing within three kilometers.
In response to the above order, on 22nd September 2009, Prempal filed his written submissions.
It was claimed that the deceased was earning Rs. 3, 000 / - per month.
She also stated that her other sisters were also awake at that time.
It can only be best hoped that such kind of thing do not recur.
On enquiry he disclosed his name to be Kishan Kumar Pandit.
This had been specifically averred by him in para 1 of the plaint.
In the meantime, some of the materials seized during the course of investigation
The applications are, therefore, without any merit and they are dismissed.
As against that, the two police officers involved in the investigation, namely, Const.
Decision of the department shall be final and binding on the contractor.
I do not find any force in this contention of the appellant either.
I have no reason to enhance the rates fixed by the Committee.
Then my husband was taken to hospital in a three wheeler scooter.
The rent Legislation is normally intended for the benefit of tenants.
that the clothes of the accused persons were stained with blood
The Allahabad High Court granted interim order in favour of the assessee.
The scooter of the deceased was completely crushed and deceased died at the spot
It is well known that in residential colonies commercial establishments cannot be opened.
In this case, the death of Rajinder Singh was caused by the two appellants.
Hence it was not proved that the goods were transported into UP from Delhi
It is generally believed that a man can lie but not the circumstances.
Raj Kumar and a chowkidar also helped the police by holding his legs.
The demand for arbitration was made more than four years later.
At trial, the prosecution had got examined eleven witnesses to prove its case.
The rejection letter was issued pursuant to the decision taken on 10th November
Even then the contents of the briefcase have not been included.
It appears that even prior to this date, transfers were being permitted.
My bhabhi Kusum and my brother Bhagwati were also there in that house.
Such casual directions by the court is nothing but an abuse of the process
I find no reason to refuse examination of this witness by the petitioner
It is in that context that use of the word ‘pure’ is not allowed.
But, the petitioner submitted that he did not need any guidance in this field.
Her father poured kerosene oil on her mother and set her on fire.
The Court answered and clarified this issue in the following manner
Though Kishan Lal was breathing, he was not in a position to speak.
It was alleged that they were guilty of offences under the Arms Act.
Bribe money was recovered from the right side pocket of the appellant.
The annual reports give details of the working of this fellowship.
AO was also directed to give consequence effect in the subsequent years also.
Gone are the days when before procuring a watch its longevity was enquired.
They offered her liquor with tablets and forcibly made her to drink the same.
The order referred to the circumstances in which the suspension was made.
This conduct of the deceased is indicative of the vindictive character of the deceased.
It was held that he had not been able to prove alibi.
However, the same also do not support the contention of the petitioner.
Indisputably, it depends upon the facts and circumstances of each case.
The inquiry officer gave his findings holding the petitioner guilty of the charges.
He stated that Niranjan Singh, Mehar Chand and Ram Avtar were also present.
Needless to state, any proceedings initiated pursuant to the FIR shall also be quashed.
In a zone or two the matter is in the last stage
He states that Sajjan Kumar, the petitioner, knew his elder brother Narender Pal.
The deceased was doing a private job at the time of the accident.
He must have consumed protein - rich / special diet for his early recovery.
It is neither a fancy word nor a coinage of any one.
There were 3 charges leveled against me at the time of my removal.
The magistrate further admitted that the injured was very much suffering with pain.
Pawan Kumar and Sukhvinder Singh identified the dead body of Hans Raj.
It was held that no ground had been made out for adjournment.
By this order I shall dispose of this application / petition under Yes.
The appellants were bound to respond to the notice issued by the Court.
It was also observed that the punishment imposed on the respondent was totally disproportionate.
History of the patient as written in the discharge summary is relevant.
He then lit a match and set her on fire and ran away.
The refusal of the Finance Ministry to do so is inexplicable.
Being the heavier vehicles in comparison of the three wheeler scooter.
The power is statutory power which is required to be exercised in public interest.
But fortunately no such argument was advanced by the learned Attorney General.
It would make the sub - sections (11) and (12) of Section 132 ridiculous and useless.
She had not taken permission to leave the dispensary during working hours.
I have heard the counsels for the parties and perused the record.
In that case, the prosecutrix was found to be more than 16 years old.
The call was attended by Tara, wife of accused Madan Kumar.
They were not appearing in the court, for a long time.
The plaintiff avers that it suffered a total loss of Rs. 1, 34, 00, 000 / -.
Relationship of the witnesses with the deceased does not by itself affect their credibility.
He further deposed that Sunil is not present in the Court today.
The application is disposed of in terms of the above order
These persons appeared as witnesses in the Court of Inquiry also.
It cannot be said that these circulars are only for internal consumption.
What did they know about the deceased carrying a knife with him?
Further, that no expert opinion was also taken on this issue.
I had informed one of the passengers about this incident and left.
We find that the cases before us can be divided into the following categories
Discard the upper filter paper and dry the lower filter paper.
The petitioner therefore has no legal right to continue on deputation with BIFR.
In order to embolden his case the petitioner has set up the following grounds.
This is also extra and additional premium charged by the insurance company.
The Tribunal repelled the explanation of the delay given by the petitioner.
She was made to stay once again at Hotel Ajanta, Paharganj.
Dismissing the petition on the ground of delay and laches, the Court observed
Yes Whether the reporters of local papers may be allowed to see the judgment?
In such a case there can be no possible conflict of interest.
The memorandum of understanding in this behalf has been placed before this court
The same is presently lying deposited with the Land Acquisition Collector.
The Disciplinary Authority then proceeds to analyze the evidence led before the inquiry officer
In fact, the trademark of the defendant is what is prominently displayed.
Such provisions for liquidated damages are commonly found in commercial contracts.
Extraordinary leave in excess of three months in the case of temporary Government servant
They could have accepted the said offer or rejected the same.
It is usual for the drivers to sleep in the car.
The scope of judicial review of such policy change is indeed limited.
Thus father, brother, son and grand - son fall in this definition.
The entire ground floor has been let out to the petitioner.
Thus, the total compensation payable to claimants would be Rs. 40, 000 X 15 = Rs. 6, 00, 000 / -.
The counsel for the decree holder has informed that the registration is not disputed.
Award cost of suit in favour of the plaintiff and against the defendant
Now, even a trader can engage in the business of sale.
Eventually, differences cropped up between the two, and his wife applied for divorce.
He and the driver went to Cherry’s house and knocked at the door.
In the said case, a woman expired in a rail accident.
The High Court, however, set aside the order passed by the City Civil Court.
Copy of the order be sent to the Trial Judge for information.
Thus, it is clear that trademark of the plaintiff was never registered at Delhi
While dealing with an intermediary or interlocutory judgment, the Supreme Court held
It is obvious that the investigator is an indirect employee of law firm.
This was not a case of money recovery but an eviction decree.
It cannot thus be said that the evidence has been wrongly rejected.
On account of certain troubles faced by the respondent, it desired stoppage of work.
Multiple abrasion on the left cheek over 2 inch x 2 inch area
He further stated that the police had seen blood stains on their clothes.
You should take the cheque from your Dada ji and take on the instalment basis.
The said property is situated on 4. 75 Acres of land or more.
Both the accused were arrested on the day of the incident itself.
Whatever the State Government does, after considering the objections, will be the final order.
Admittedly Shri Chatterjee was a partner during the period the deposits became due.
In the circumstances, there is no evidence which will reflect culpability of the appellant.
Some of the close relatives of the deceased persons had migrated to Punjab.
The second, third, fourth and fifth defendants filed a joint written statement.
We have considered the arguments advanced by the counsel for the parties.
That he returned to his house in the morning and saw his wife murdered.
But the complainant told five witness to stay outside near window.
She accordingly urged that this Court should await the decision of the Larger Bench
Rather the writ petition is an abuse of the process of law.
He could not do so without axe or any other equipment.
Samples were sent to the Central Forensic Science Laboratory for their tests and reports.
Why only a photocopy in spite of the original was being brought on record.
Sliding – rolling glass shutters are to be rectified so as to slide smoothly.
The finding of the learned Single Judge in this respect reads as follows
The services of the petitioner was terminated when she proceeded on maternity leave.
Therefore, at this stage the petitioner cannot raise an objection on this ground.
The injunction application shall be taken up for final arguments on the next date.
the relevant discussion of the Division Bench of Calcutta High Court is as follows
Reference in this regard was made by him to the following documents
Government of India insists upon the production of certificates, from such authorities only.
The rate of rent as agreed between the parties was different for different periods.
He further states that the petitioner has also not drawn any house rent allowance
The relevant portion of the said judgment is reproduced herein below for ready reference
Comparison of offers will also be done on the same basis.
It is an honest user in the commercial course of his trade
A man should honour his word and should be bound by his agreement.
There are no regular reports as were required to be sent.
It is more true in respect of Income Tax / Revenue Department.
The property was acquired for the purpose of construction of STP at Kondli.
The view taken by the trial Court on 17. 01. 05 cannot be held to be unjustified.
A detailed discussion took place on the principle of forum non convenience.
This apart, even the dictionary meaning of the word is one of considerable width.
In view of the aforesaid discussion, there is no merit in the present appeal.
Accused persons denied the same being as incorrect and claimed themselves to be innocent.
Om Prakash was travelling in the Tempo along with the goods.
A list of such unsecured creditors has been filed along with the applicant.
The applicant is bound to act in accordance with law and facilitate investigation
Hence, issue no. 3 is decided in favour of the plaintiff and against the defendants.
The name of the petitioner was at serial No. 36 of the list.
It is contended that the petitioner did not make any such application for recounting.
they are distinct and would have no application to the instant situation
Chinnu informed him that it was not possible to grant loan.
Issues no. 1 and 2 being preliminary issues, were decided on 18. 10. 2006 in favour of the petitioner.
The Committee thus was of independent persons and not a representative of the Board
He reached the matrimonial house of his sister and was followed by his father.
This order was passed by mutual consent of both the parties.
This document was also attested by SI Jagat Singh and SI Yashwant Singh.
An intimation be forthwith sent to the presiding arbitrator appointed by this Court.
Each case has to be judged from the perspective of its facts.
It is also noteworthy that no date is mentioned on this paper.
It is, thus, established and proved that the goods were not supplied from Delhi.
The pin is attached at one corner of a stick like object.
There is another document dated 14. 7. 2008 written by the Petitioner himself which reads
The petitioners and the other candidates also took the examination conducted by the University.
For these reasons the counter - claims of the respondent were allowed
The relevant portion of the said letter is extracted as under
Admittedly, there is no affidavit to this effect, by the creditor, on record.
The agreement to sell has never been acted upon by the parties.
There is no merit in this writ petition which is, accordingly, dismissed.
He computed the undisclosed income for the block period as under
Thus, in the present case, the gravity of the injury was simple in nature
What do you want to tell about the incident of Preeti?
Appellant Naresh Yadav @ Naresh Kumar was one of the members of the marriage party.
Undoubtedly, the partnership firm M / s Jaggi Ayurvedic was an unregistered partnership firm.
I consider that such a deposit can never be considered as a valid deposit.
In 2001, one Nitin Verma was initially declared to be on 278th rank.
He denied that there is no custodian land in the village.
Mukeem was having a knife in his hand with which he attacked the complainant.
Petitioners were served by way of affixation at D - 10, Green Park, New Delhi
However, the metro rail have not acquired any land in Delhi by itself.
Section 22 of the Act which overbears all existing laws states as follows
The appellant was aged 20 years at the time of the accident.
The Directorate therein, after giving details of the contravention has stated
The Terms of Reference of the Inquiry Authority were stipulated as follows
The said pulanda was sealed and seized as an evidence by the police.
In this context, it would be instructive to examine the categories of aid.
What are the facts emerging from the record of the present case before us?
Copy of said order was showed by me to that man.
The order dated 22nd August, 2008 is reproduced hereinbelow for ready reference
Hence, under the circumstances of the case criminal leave petition is hereby dismissed.
At the same time in the month of November it is twilight
The counsel for the petitioner has not disputed the said document.
The court has straightaway proceeded to issue the warrant of attachment.
Shamshun Nisha who is his grandmother and she has already expired.
Sections 34 and 37, which are relevant for the present purpose, are extracted below
Both the parties shall have the right to appoint one Arbitrator each.
no such suggestion has been given to any of the witnesses of the prosecution
I also entertain doubt about the very maintainability of the writ petition.
The rules relating to proof of a Will are not rules of law.
The death occurred about a month after the incident of throwing acid.
The same was deposited in the Malkhana on the same day.
The important thing to consider is the income which the nucleus yields.
After narrating the events that transpired till then, the notice stated as under
Manual strangulation was sufficient to cause death in ordinary course of nature.
This court is in agreement with the reasoning of the Orissa High Court.
It was after 15 – 20 minutes of my going for a trial run of the car.
The net product is absolutely different and separate from the input.
SI Jai Raj Singh came across with one Madhu Sharma at the hospital.
The truck ran away from the spot and was not traced out.
Evaluate the progress of the development of women under the Union and any State
Whether the defendant No. 1 is the sole owner of the property in suit?
he saw his mother lying next to him, soaked in blood.
Shri Elhance has, therefore, bogus claimed bills for reimbursement against treatment of Pyorrhea
It is apparent that 4 issues requiring a determinative finding on each, arose for consideration
He remained absent in all three examinations in May and December
The cause of death is given as shock on account of septicemia.
However, the Claims Tribunal erred in not awarding the said amount to the claimants.
The claim of the petitioner was denied by the respondent management.
The question arose, as to whether the appellants were the offenders
Strictly speaking, this part of the agreement was not adhered to by the parties.
This is a deterioration of the situation in the previous year
In February, 1991 there was a credit balance of Rs. 1452. 57 in his favour.
However, the suit was filed immediately thereafter, without waiting for two months
he was also never called upon to respond to any of the complaints
Consequently the petition is allowed, delay in making the payment is condoned.
It was in these circumstances the inquiry officer gave a report against the petitioner.
He categorically stated that no one in the family approved of such a relationship
And on 10. 07. 1990, the NDMC issued the impugned letter to the petitioner cancelling the allotment
The main substratum of the present petition is the issue of delayed trial.
The benefit of such doubt has to go to the appellant.
B That the appellant being an old lady was suffering from various infirmities.
For the reasons aforesaid, the present petition is dismissed with costs quantified at Rs. 20, 000 / -.
The object of this provision is also to avoid needless multiplicity of suits
The writ petition is also opposed on grounds of public interest
The aforesaid procedure takes care of the complete controversy involved in the petition.
The other claims awarded to the respondents have not been challenged.
The bidders were to quote their rates and amounts against each of these items.
The prayer clause in the writ petition which is as under
The Railway Board is separately dealt with in the Pay Commission Reports.
That when the untoward incident in question took place the bogie was over crowded.
He is present in the Court and his name is Mohinder.
The witness categorically stated that she had no deformity or infirmity in her body
The schedule of the admissions has been fixed under orders of the Apex Court.
Admission on which judgment can be claimed must be clear and unequivocal
It only seems that the parties lost trust in each other.
Whether the suit has been signed, verified and filed by a duly authorized person?
It is a special provision for payment of tax by certain companies.
All the accused admittedly were charged with committing offences under Section 498 - A.
The said case is pending before the Debt Recovery Tribunal, Ahmedabad.
Therefore, failure to seize the vest of the complainant had no significance.
The file of the trial court be sent back to the trial court forthwith.
However, the Appellant was not arrested near his place of residence but at Shahjahanpur.
That the new firm did not get any rights in the leasehold property
In India, there is no law relating to data protection, or privacy
Remaining four persons shall be given refund of the amount paid by them.
The reasoning in this decision has been applied subsequently in several judgments
Appellant also does not deny that arrears of rent were and are still due
In these circumstances benefit of exception (IV) of section 300 was given to the appellant.
Could you pleas have them sent to me on the address given below.
Monthly installment of income tax payable by the petitioner comes to about Rs. 24, 000 / -.
His claim for promotion also fails and this petition is accordingly dismissed.
When further inquiries were made from Keshav Dass he feigned fainting.
it was also apparently shared by his son, and his wife, Terry.
Prevention of Corruption Act has already been registered against the petitioner.
The grounds urged by the petitioner in this application were as under
It shows the regard which the student has for his educational institution.
The possession of narcotic substance in this case was proved by credible evidence.
Thus it cannot be said that there is delay in re - filing.
The defendants have also become owners by way of adverse possession
According to the minor girl, the placement agency sold her infant to a couple.
Bhola had not accompanied her to the hospital but Abdul Rubb had.
As they were part time employees, there was no appointment letter issued to them.
Thus, only Rahul can be convicted for the offence punishable under Section 397 IPC.
The Labour Court decided both the issues in favour of the workman.
Likewise, other men in the area also zeroed to the place in question.
They were travelling in a train which was to terminate at Jammu
As pointed out above, none of these companies are parties to the suit.
She stated that she and Jitender Singh Chopra came to Delhi and got engaged.
The above discussion would have been dispositive of the temporary injunction application.
He then went to the cinema balcony through the stair case.
The writ petition and the pending applications are disposed of in the above terms
The Implementation Agreement includes a provision of advance notice of 6 (six) months.
The University Grants Commission has taken a positive approach in the matter.
The petitioner is bound by the arbitration agreement and the contract between the parties.
In my view, this controversy is unnecessary for disposal of this petition.
The Special Judge held that sufficient grounds exist to proceed against the accused persons.
The witness stated that cinema halls are inspected in a sectionalized manner.
Counsel, implied that the plaintiff could not raise any further constructions on the spot.
However, this has to be very rare and in exceptional cases.
That the three assailants immediately ran away from the spot after causing the injuries.
CrPC giving a clean chit to the accused who were summoned.
He also noticed that in the supplementary charge sheet six accused have been named.
The question involved in the present appeal is whether The application is allowed.
The Central Government also recommended that the petitioner’s claim has not been decided
The decree was based on promissory notes executed by the respondent
This plot was apparently acquired by the Land and Building Department.
The respondent at this stage, does not want to rejoin the service.
Whether battery could have been removed justifiably or not is yet another matter.
To this no answer could be given by the counsel for the petitioner.
Further action would be as per the recommendations of the Selection Committee
It cannot be said that appellants did not have the knowledge of his death.
This statutory provision is clearly applicable to the facts of the instant case
The external injuries show that she was hit with a blunt object.
Thus, even otherwise, Dharam Chand would not be a necessary or a proper party.
The accused again tried to rape her but she fell down from the bed.
The respondent also does not contend that the petitioner was a manager.
They took him to Sultanpuri and made him sit in the house of Sapan.
We do not find any merit in this appeal of the revenue.
She deposed that two children were born to her daughter Aaysha.
The petitioner came to know of the proceedings at the final stage only.
I, therefore, find no infirmity in the order of the first appellate court.
Chander Prakash was only in under clothes at the time of stabbing.
In my considered view, the answer to this is in the nevative
The notions of fairness and impartiality give rise to certain special norms for judges.
There could be no case of non - disclosure of all the material facts.
It was also mentioned in the statement that the gift was oral
As a result, the relief sought in the present writ petition cannot be granted.
Unfortunately in India people buy properties benami in The somebody 's else name.
The respondents / defendants filed their written statement contesting the claim of the appellant.
The petitioner university had also installed equipments worth approximately Rs. 20 crores.
These findings are contained in the following passage of the decision of the Tribunal
The charges which were framed against the petitioner were as under
Five years would be counted from the date of such report.
He was also aware that the amount had not been so kept.
This scheme was titled as the 'Disability and Financial Assistance Scheme' in the year
As a result of the above discussion, this appeal is hereby dismissed.
It is also not as if the award is against all the three concerns.
Contractor is expected to have taken care of small irregularities only.
In the statement filed by the Official Liquidator, the following issues are raised
He is also making a reference to the dislocation of his shoulder.
This submission of the petitioner is also in my view, devoid of merit.
that the part of the property is in possession of plaintiff
Implication of persons as a result of political and personal vendetta.
She entered the flat as she was having the keys to the door.
in default of payment of fine to undergo rigorous imprisonment for one month
This was not a part of the contract inter se the parties.
The four substantial questions raised by the counsel for the Petitioner are as follows
Aggrieved by the aforesaid order, the plaintiff / petitioner has filed the present petition
The letter dated 26. 5. 2006 is naturally stated to have been forged and fabricated.
An inspection was carried out contents whereof were noted in the DDPC book.
Here in the present case, the writ - petition has been filed after 11 years.
In that view of the matter there would be no limitation
The articles of charges framed against the petitioner are as follows
It was further stated that he was drawing a salary of Rs. 2500 / - per month.
He was admitted to a nearby hospital (Hedgewar Arogya Sansthan) at Karkardooma, Delhi.
The reason is that an arbitrator is the creation of a contract.
The absence of the FSL form in the record is fatal to the case.
I am filing this report so that an appropriate action could be taken.
The facts must be relatable to the evidence available and not inferential
That is not the case set up in the disciplinary enquiry.
The remaining quantity of the explosive material was also sealed in separate parcels.
After the evidence of the petitioner, the management shall be entitled to lead evidence.
The child born out of the wedlock was also staying with them.
That thereafter the appellant again made a confession in his house in his presence.
Dalip was pulled out of the house into the lane and was beaten.
Calculating at this rate, the Tribunal awarded a sum of Rs. 2, 11, 52, 000 / - to the respondent.
The documents of sale have been executed on 26. 10. 1999 by the attorney.
Even during the proceedings that were going on, the parties were negotiating for settlement.
Sub - rule 37 of rule 3 of order 37 has been incorporated for such an eventuality.
The injured was admitted in the hospital but was declared unfit for statement.
Hague, in cases where Moser Baer India Limited is the plaintiff.
She had been told that the house has been sold to some one else
In such circumstances, the issue of res judicata or estoppel did not arise.
Out of which only two witnesses were tendered for cross - examination.
The interest on the fixed deposits be released to the beneficiaries on periodical basis.
After seeing PW - 21 / D socket, he said that it was not crimped properly.
The definition of\ 'conveyance\' in the Act was an inclusive definition.
There must have been mayhem at the place of occurrence after the incident.
Time for furnishing the information kept getting extended by SEBI from time to time.
Criminal Appeal no. 974 / 2001 filed by accused Rajesh @ Hunny, however, is partly allowed.
it, as well as its directors had to afford some explanation.
It is undisputed that despite the application, he did not receive any response
Dalip was pulled out of the house into the lane and was beaten.
Dwarka and that petitioner No. 2 was arrested by SI Vidyadhar Singh in her presence.
that she reached their house and took both of them to the hospital.
Nonmention of name of Shakuntala Devi in the MLC is of no consequence.
Therefore, since there is no arbitration agreement, petition is liable to be dismissed
Therefore, it stands prove that the child was kidnapped for ransom.
It was made clear to the claimant that no further extension shall be granted.
The injured was admitted in the hospital but was declared unfit for statement.
SI Ashish Kumar PW - 8 was entrusted with the investigation pertaining to said DD entry.
Thus, the plaintiff claims to have acquired common law rights therein.
Such certificate could not be challenged unless there was a proof of mala fide.
The accounts were audited by the said auditors till the year ending 31st March
Shadow witness told CBI official about the acceptance of bribe by the appellant.
There are no allegations of dowry demand against the mother - in - law.
Appellant has suffered a dismissal of the suit and hence is in appeal
He also denied having any conversation regarding the LIC policy with the accused.
However, despite service, none had appeared on behalf of the respondent.
Local police on being informed of the incident swung into action.
It is obvious that Sachdev Dahiya could hardly get any worthwhile lead
The duty and penalty has to be recovered according to law.
Statement of the injured was recorded and present case was registered.
This canteen was being run by the brother - in - law of Dinesh.
In the present case, principles of natural justice have not been followed.
Sanjay does not say that he checked the pulses of his mother
Details of pay orders made by Defendant No. 1 were as hereafter
He died in a hospital after fifteen days of the execution of the will.
This should be done within a period of four weeks from today.
and in the case of Badan Singh delay of 449 days was condoned.
It is well - known that paranoid schizophrenia is a mental disease.
The starting point is when the exclusion becomes known to the plaintiff
His father said that Rs. 50 / - has been wasted and threw the medicine outside.
Further, the Appellant was admitted in Escort Hospital, Faridabad only for one day.
Further that both the plaintiff and the defendant had purchased land from Khubi Ram
The total rent received for the part period was Rs. 6. 95 lakhs.
In addition, the company has been paying idle wages for these units.
it cannot claim any rights in the assets of the company
The witness, Shri Vidya Ratan, rather stated that the will was hand - written.
She also admitted that her statement had been recorded by the Magistrate.
We have considered the submissions made by the learned counsel for the appellant / revenue.
She sustained injuries on her neck and other parts of her body.
Even DW - 1 Meena, stated that after the incident, Lokesh left the house.
The writ petition is, therefore, dismissed, leaving the parties to bear their own costs.
Based on these facts the petitioner has preferred the present petition
The figure of compensation in such cases involves a good deal of guesswork.
He was a temporary servant and had no right to the post.
The learned Tribunal took the income of the deceased at Rs. 78, 000 / - per annum.
The award in respect of land was passed on 22nd December
I find no reason to interfere with the order of the Tribunal.
The documents of sale have been executed on 26. 10. 1999 by the attorney.
No extra fee shall be charged from the students in this regard.
He conveyed the report to Vinod Kumar and handed over the docket to him.
Her husband asked if she could identify the house where she was gang raped.
Both the parties have to appoint an arbitrator for each of them.
His contention that he was given a kitchen also cannot be believed.
This FIR was registered on 11th February 1988 while Mahender Kumar died 25th August 1987.
As per the said letter, the parties have the following share in the house
The contention of learned counsel for the State may be summed up as under
It depends on the time - sense of individuals which varies from person to person
His father Pritpal Singhal, who was present in the room, was also firing simultaneously.
They were made applicable to all consumers availing supply of electricity from the Board.
He mentioned that there was no provision for emergency exit besides the two staircases
No merit is found in any of the pleas challenging the award.
The period prescribed is 30 days from the date of the arbitral award.
They stated that they have been falsely implicated by the police
Thereafter, she poured kerosene oil on her and set her on fire.
Scalp hair of the deceased were preserved, sealed and handed over to the police.
Offer submitted by the contractor shows that the contractor had quoted for aforesaid work.
Notice to the claimant, owner and driver be served through the Investigating Officer.
The Respondent states that during the raid some incriminating materials were seized.
In 1995, Span Motels built a resort on the bank of Beas river.
He also admitted that the IO, however, did not record the statement of anyone.
There are no separate notings in the file of the petitioner.
The fatherin - law of the respondent sometimes resides in Chennai and sometimes in Delhi.
Clear and cogent evidence has to be led by the insurance company.
This was not an easy decision to make on my part.
He had submitted medical certificates for the period of October and November
The necessary foundation was laid down by the respondent in the written statement.
In the present case, principles of natural justice have not been followed.
It is not a clause for the protection of the interests of the employer
There are no allegations of dowry demand against the mother - in - law.
The wisdom and method of Moderation must be left to the experts concerned.
The suit of the plaintiff against defendant No. 2 is, therefore, dismissed.
I find the said letter has not been proved and is to be ignored.
Similar examples can be given with respect to other clauses also.
Thereafter, police again asked me to properly check the household articles.
Photocopies of the relevant documents were submitted before the Lieutenant Governor.
Ms Kamini Jaiswal with Ms Shomila Bakshi and Ms Rani Mishra For the Respondent
When he returned he saw people running and he also ran away
At about 10. 30 PM, Mirtunjay Tiwari went out to bring some ice - cream
﻿Learned counsel for the respondent seeks time to file reply to the petition.
It was not envisaged that they were to be relaxed under any circumstances.
The terms of the settlement are set out in this application.
A police team was formed to go, and he accompanied them to Gurgaon.
This objection raised by the plaintiff also does not stand the scrutiny of law.
That the contents of this para of this writ petition are wrong and denied.
The petitioners herein are the legal representatives of late Shri Bansi Lal
Counsel submitted that there is nothing to connect the petitioner with those transactions.
The needle shaft has an increased diameter proximal to the needle tip.
Admission / denial has been required to be recorded and issues have even been framed.
As the urban population in the country is growing, so is urban poverty.
However sufficient evidence has come on the record in the Enquiry.
The petitioner has been deprived of the shop - plot and has urged economic loss.
The majority of such cases pertain to government departments and / or public sector undertakings.
The petitioner was instructed to submit particulars of its branches, partners, licences, etc.
Ever person is presumed to desire the accomplishment of his / her acts.
The petition having been dismissed, the appellants knocked the door of the Supreme Court.
The aforesaid contention was repelled by Supreme Court in following terms
The aforesaid issues arise on the basis of the following facts
namely Rakesh Kumar, they threw the body of the deceased into the canal.
Pertaining to the charge of robbery, there is a further problem.
DDA shall be bound by the statement made by their counsel in court today.
In fact, that is not even the defence set up by the respondents.
Obviously, this could not have happened, because Sunder was not in the house.
The SI recorded the statement of the complainant and the father of the deceased.
In other words, the heirs succeed to the tenancy as joint tenants.
He saw Gopal Singh standing and asked him as to why he was standing.
Such strict rules of evidence and procedure would not apply to departmental proceedings.
In the meantime, Raj Kumar was seen by the police officials inside the house.
If the complainant wishes she / he can be accompanied by a representative
The award is clearly on the basis of the material produced before the arbitrator.
The deceased was survived by four sons, a wife and a daughter.
The notice was though sent from Delhi, but received at Calcutta.
The interests of administration and good government demand that these proceedings are concluded expeditiously.
The computation of the compensation on the above basis is as under
They are advised to see that site at work before tendering.
The plaintiff also filed replication reiterating the averments made in the plaint.
As such there is no bona - fide requirement of the respondent
I also knew the deceased Santosh, who was wife of accused Ramesh.
We thus hold that the order of the learned Tribunal cannot stand judicial scrutiny.
The accident dated 9th February, 1981 resulted in the death of Jai Bhagwan.
In her marriage the complainant had given enough dowry in accordance with his status.
On the basis of investigation the petitioner was charged for the murder.
However, she managed to free herself somehow and the robbery bid was foiled
But this solitary circumstance could not be said to prove the offence of rape
Driver did not tell anything to me why he was proceeding to the spot.
Admittedly, Respondent No. 6 and 7 were and are senior to the Petitioner.
That, of course, would have to await a final determination in the suit.
Plaintiffs are printers and Economic Times, Nav Bharat Times, Femina, Sandhya Times, Filmfare etc.
Said information was conveyed by Jaipal to the police which was duly noted.
As a result of the amputation, the claimant has been rendered cripple.
When he reached back to the gate he saw that a crowd had gathered.
Aggrieved by the said judgment, the vendee filed an appeal before the High Court.
My sister had taken a turn much after the accused laid on herҮ
An order ordinarily would be presumed to have been made when it is signed.
Such like provision could be made by the court in the decree
Next morning he learnt that Sumitra, wife of the accused had died.
Therefore, prosecution cannot be blamed for their non - production in the witness box
The age was relaxable by three years in case of OBC candidates.
It is clarified that DDA would take necessary action in that respect also
But the husband will have to be tried by two Judges for criminal contempt.
The plaintiff is also aggrieved by the list which features on the defendants' website.
We are unable to accept this submission for more than one reason.
This contention has to be examined in the context of the provisions themselves.
Yes Yes By this common order, I shall dispose of two applications
The remarks are that he did not show his aptitude in information technology.
It is also stated that his wife also assisted in setting him on fire.
Other minor variations may be effected without a surrender and re - grant.
No such bar has been stipulated in the MRTP Act either expressly or impliedly.
Justice is the goal of both procedural as well as of substantive law.
The judgment relied upon by the respondent is of no help.
Accused was wearing cream colour kurta and white colour pyjama at that time.
Subsequently, it is stated that they moved to a rented accommodation
Instead of being given a waiver the petitioner was issued a release order
The hallmark of every judicial, or quasi judicial proceeding, is its regularity.
In the meantime, the deceased also woke up and started crying.
This petition is partly allowed and stands disposed of in terms referred above.
He ceases to have any power to vary, amend or modify the Order.
The complainant was also asked to enrol other members for the companies.
What will happen if the institution was receiving aid out of State funds?
Accordingly, I hold that there was no valid arbitration agreement between the parties.
The University accordingly issued show cause notice to the respondent trust.
He had physically exploited her and thereafter wished to hide his crime.
it is not as if the prosecution was deliberately withholding this evidence
The contract of insurance is the contract between the insured and the insurance company.
That apart, co - accused of the petitioners had not approached for joint trial.
thus she had no valid right to reside in the said premises.
The balance amount be reimbursed within a period of four weeks.
They are the surviving children of the testatrix, who owned the suit property.
The documents were not produced with the permission of the Court.
Thus the petitioner cannot be charged for the offence under Section 328 IPC.
In these circumstances, no case for any relaxation is also made out.
As already observed, it is not denied that this cut was an unauthorized cut.
Therefore, as In view of the above discussion, the appeal is partly accepted.
However the Defendant was demanding an additional sum of Rs. 6 lakhs
On account of matrimonial dispute between them, they started living separate since July
The situs of the injury is the 7th inter - costal space at the back.
We say so for the reason there is no motive for the crime.
He purchased the property in the court auction on behalf of Chunilal Sowcar.
The learned counsel for respondent No. 3 seeks permission to file written submissions.
Subsequently, a preliminary inquiry was conducted by the Delhi Police which implicated the Petitioners.
Air Act, there is no such requirement as regards a residential complex.
Furthermore, there is no specific way of calculation of wrongful loss to the Govt.
Properties of his brothers or parents cannot be a basis for fixing maintenance.
It was argued that the same proved that the plaintiffs are fabricating the case.
He had not sought previous permission for absence for the above mentioned days.
The above narrative shows that there is not much dispute about the facts.
This letter has been written by the deceased to her father.
The Petitioners on 20th September 2006 filed a compilation of documents in this petition.
In absence of the defendants’ written statement the plaint averments remain uncontroverted.
We are thus constrained to concur with the view taken by the Tribunal
The factual matrix of the case giving rise to this petition is as follows
Thus, mean average loss of income of the injured comes to Rs. 470 / - per month
The Government of Ethiopia proposes to set - up sugar factories at Addis Ababa.
Therefore, we do not find any reason to suspect the correctness of the version
Besides, its School of Nursing imparts Diploma qualification in Nursing and Midwifery.
Thus, the present appeals, being bereft of merit, are dismissed in limine.
We are making these comments in view of following pertinent aspects
The claim of the plaintiff is in fact based on this document itself.
Where dying declaration is suspicious it should not be acted upon without corroborative evidence.
As has been urged before us, they approached the authorities making complaints and representations.
In support of his contention, learned counsel for the respondent has relied upon
Thus, we do not deem it safe to rely on this testimony.
Because, the petitioner may ask ֠After all, what wrong have we committed?
This Court also cannot give directions to respondent no. 1 for restoration of the contract.
At times, female relatives of the husband are also actively involved.
on the advice of the neighbours he was given a bath
Even the time schedule was not adhered to by the Respondents.
Probation period cannot be stretched for a long period of six years.
The objection of the petitioner with regard to this claim is also disallowed.
The treatment which is being administered to the appellant is not mentioned.
Allegations of criminal intimidation and threat were also made in the complaint
Parking, Toll and other road taxes shall be paid extra at actuals.
Vimal Kumar Bahl is doing business of export of marine products
As per site condition they are partially encroached and partially fenced.
The petitioner MCD has been running a large number of medical institutions.
The document is signed by some person whose signature is totally illegible.
In the instant case, the appellant had filed a detailed complaint before the Magistrate.
The shareholders of the petitioner company have also supported the scheme
In a matrimonial dispute, generally wives resort to criminal remedy as a last resort.
The writ petition is there fore, without any merit and it is dismissed.
In our view it is vague, general and lacking in all and every particular
To illustrate this, let us take the first category of cases.
A criminal complaint also stated to have been filed by the petitioners
The knife has a single cutting edge and is rounded at the end.
From the hospital SI Tej Singh again came to the spot of occurrence.
The respondent, however, did not make the appointment of the Arbitrator.
It is well settled that no evidence led beyond pleading can be looked into.
The Writ Petition of the petitioner was dismissed by the High Court.
The said submission was dealt with by the court in the following words
However, even the educational qualification of the deceased was not proved before the Tribunal.
The said letter dated 11. 9. 2001 is at page 135 of the record of the Tribunal
The so called restructuring / renaming did not affect the post of Chief Draughtsman.
The rent initially agreed was Rs. 5, 000 / - per month subsequently enhanced to Rs. 5, 500 / - per month
The said rule contemplates that no reason should be mentioned in the termination order.
In any case projections over public streets are specifically barred under statute
Issues as under were framed on the pleadings of the parties
Thus, I do find myself in agreement with the Tribunal in this regard
In the evening he learnt that Chanda had been set on fire.
The State enters into a contract in exercise of its executive power.
Case No. 10 / 2008 or prejudice in any manner whatsoever by the trial before this Court
Whether reporters of Local papers may be allowed to YES see the judgment?
Virtually, therefore, the entire compromise had been acted upon by the parties.
In the cases at hand, the respondents knew about the rules in force.
There is one main gate opening out in this common passage.
that the petitioner had failed to prove any loss owing to the alleged delays
Clothes and dabbi of tambakoo were also lying near the dead body.
or (b) where such income has been assessed at too low a rate
He deposed that on seeing him, the appellant tried to flee, but was caught.
During this long span of time much water has flown down the Ganges.
Half yearly statement of account be filed by the Bank in this Court.
The relevant portion of the letter granting permission is extracted below
In addition 10 micro sewage treatment plants were also provided in place of septic tanks.
The deposition also showed that the plaintiff started running business and suffered losses.
This application is accordingly liable to be dismissed on this ground alone.
Even in his evidence, the defendant No. 2 is completely silent on this aspect.
In view hereof an adverse inference can safely be drawn against the Appellant.
Consequently, it was urged that there was no legally recoverable debt.
Learned counsel for the complainant states that 5 persons have been put up for trial.
With the consent of parties, matter is taken up for final disposal
Twenty five per cent vacancies to be filled by direct recruitment from the Bar
Counsel for petitioners have failed to render any satisfactory explanation for the delay.
The VRS optees severed relationship with the DISCOMS more than three years ago.
Consequently, it was urged that there was no legally recoverable debt.
For this he is liable to pay interest together with the penal interest.
This means that Meenu was fully conscious when the neighbours had gathered.
No doctor has also been examined by the petitioner to prove this fact.
Whether Reporters of local papers may be No allowed to see the judgment?
He claimed himself to be innocent and denied his complicity in the said crime.
Consequently, present appeal is dismissed in limine but with no order as to costs.
An objection has been taken to the maintainability of the suit.
This claim is founded upon clause 3 of the agreement which reads as follows
The Defendant was unable to give any explanation about the similarity.
They simply stated that they would inform the Respondents of their decision later
Material can have an adverse effect on the strength of the prosecution case
In appeal the Appellate Court confirmed the finding of the Trial Court.
Besides, this plot was never earmarked for playground but was earmarked for nursery school.
Role of the petitioner Amarjit Singh has not been entailed therein
He has further resiled from his statement about purchasing the chhuri.
In the circumstances, the learned Arbitrator inter alia came to the following conclusion
The reason being his rendering service in a duty battalion for only five months.
However, no one appeared on behalf of the State of Chattisgarh today.
This part of the order passed by the Arbitrator is, therefore, not disturbed.
To pass any further orders that this Court deems fit and proper
It has been pointed out that examinations are held by the Delhi University.
Despite the best efforts by the management, they did not appear in the enquiry.
Sufficient accommodation has been given to the learned counsel for the petitioner.
However, the claim for arbitration cannot be ignored by this Court
Sohanbir Singh but SI Satyender Pal Singh Tomar speaks at a variance.
It was thus put to the counsel whether the petitioner is willing for compensation.
It is stated that the Petitioner is a regular customer of the Railways.
In this case, the admitted circumstances are that the complainant received substantial amounts
This has been made very specific and made known to Contractor before quoting.
It does not substitute its views in place of those under review.
The copy of prospectus or eligibility conditions in the prospectus were not filed.
This matter deserves to be considered from another aspect as well.
Deterrent punishment may be awarded to him just to teach him a lesson.
The police told him that Mahender had committed murder of his bhabhi.
The learned Single Judge has, however failed to deal with any of those decisions.
How did you come to know that DIG is visiting the place?
It is stated that no settlement has taken place between the parties.
The manner of such rotation must be indicated the next term.
The plaintiff was admitted and confined to bed in the hospital.
Unsubstantiated and unfounded allegations made against the judge cannot be entertained by any court.
This flat will be sold and shared equally between the petitioner and the respondent.
The assessing officer is bound to furnish reasons within a reasonable time.
It was emphasized that the Court must ensure that a just compensation was awarded
The determination by the arbitrator would have settled all these issues.
After marriage my husband took me at his residence in Bhogal.
The said allotment be completed within a period of six weeks.
Therefrom, it is urged that the samples have been tampered with.
Thereafter the decree was drawn up which forms part of the file.
From the above resume of various decisions the following principles are deducible.
She placed particular emphasis on the following passages from the said decision
was it the same issue of fact which was determined in earlier case.
Needless to state that the counsel for the respondent controverts the aforesaid contention.
His licensed pistol was recovered from the office of Sachin Bansal.
It is contended that the facts of this case are otherwise.
He may wish to know how an administrative authority has used its discretionary powers.
Rather in my view, the same is the literal interpretation of the Regulations.
The letter also indicated that the audit of the society had been completed upto
It is possible that the plaintiff could succeed in such proceedings.
On account of matrimonial dispute between them, they started living separate since July
We say so for the reason there is no motive for the crime.
He purchased the property in the court auction on behalf of Chunilal Sowcar.
Consequently Issue No 1 is decided in favour of the plaintiff and against the defendant.
It is submitted that the claimants are receiving family pension of Rs. 4, 452 / -.
We cannot do something indirectly if it cannot be done directly.
Thus the trial court has rightly held that the appellant was not a tenant
The writ petition is separately opposed by the respondents on various grounds
Sixteen workers were found to be working at the relevant time.
In the instant case, there were mutual dealings between the parties.
He submitted that in this context, viscosity of the cleaner is an important consideration.
The patient was unconscious and his pulse and blood pressure could not be recorded
It is also not open to the tenant to challenge a partition decree.
A counter affidavit cannot explain the basis of the order which is under challenge.
Therefore, the claim can be made again if it is not pre - mature now.
This is more so when the Arbitrator is a technical expert.
The aforesaid applications are not seriously opposed by the counsel for the respondents.
The writ petition is, therefore, without any merit, and it is dismissed.
This statement, at this stage, would have to be deemed to be correct.
But this solitary circumstance could not be said to prove the offence of rape
Driver did not tell anything to me why he was proceeding to the spot.
Admittedly, Respondent No. 6 and 7 were and are senior to the Petitioner.
It is more so when these notifications are challenged after making of the Award.
Nation Tournament in Australia and the Azlan Shah Hockey Tournament in Malaysia.
That, of course, would have to await a final determination in the suit.
I accordingly, hold that the suit of the plaintiff is within limitation.
On different occasions he used to talk about disposal of the property.
This right is conceded to the employer in service jurisprudence everywhere.
If were we there, would have make her right in one day.
Child Marriage perpetuates an unrelenting cycle of gender inequality, sickness and poverty.
In support of this plea he referred to following three judgments of Supreme Court
It was held that the defendants had infringed the registered marks.
It must effectively control the recording of evidence in the court.
the defendants have conducted extensive correspondence with the representatives of the plaintiff.
All the parties conceded that the aforesaid view taken by the Tribunal is correct.
The said provision for the sake of reference is reproduced hereunder
Perusal of CFSL report shows that it had been given by the Director, CFSL.
Transfer is also an incidence of service and cannot be termed as penalty.
They were all adults and employed during the lifetime of the deceased.
The action of the respondent from a commercial angle may appear to be demeaning.
Altogether different consequence follows in the event of dismissal of suit, which has the effect of precluding the plaintiff to file a fresh suit on the same cause of action.
It is also contended that it shall be in the interest of justice if the said FIR and all the proceedings emanating therefrom against the petitioners are quashed.
Its jurisdiction is circumscribed and confined to correct errors of law or procedural error, if any, resulting in manifest miscarriage of justice or violation of principles of natural justice.
On the basis of the pleas of the defendants / applicants that the suit is barred by time, the plaint cannot be rejected.
It is the statement of a fact employed as an argument to justify or condemn some fact.
In our view, the order of the Tribunal does not suffer from any illegality or such error which will require interference by this Court in exercise of its jurisdiction under Article 226 of the Constitution of India.
The appeal is allowed and the award amount is enhanced from Rs. 7, 43, 565 / - to Rs. 12, 22, 020 / - along with interest @ 7. 5% per annum from the date of filing of the petition till realization
The defendant no. 1 only had to see that the documents were from the consignee FIBI Bank.
Apparently the procedure adopted by the enquiry officer was patently wrong and was in denial of principles of natural justice.
Viewed from any angle, therefore, the petitioners have failed to make out a case for interference by the Court under Article 226 of the Constitution of India.
He has also been sentenced to undergo rigorous imprisonment for seven years and to pay a fine of Rs. 1, 000 / - for an offence punishable under Section 397 of Indian Penal Code and in default of payment of fine he has been ordered to undergo further rigorous imprisonment for eight months.
The remaining amount of Rs. 5, 00, 000 / - be kept in fixed deposit in the following manner
in default of payment of fine, they have been sentenced to undergo rigorous imprisonment for one month each.
Normally, the Court while exercising the jurisdiction under Article 226 of the Constitution of India does not review the findings of facts arrived at by a fact finding committee unless they are perverse or have manifest error.
It was asserted that the policy is also prevalent in other universities / institution and is also followed by Director General of Health Services.
It was asserted that the complaints of indiscipline were received against the petitioner and a fact finding inquiry was conducted on 16. 4. 2007 to ascertain the facts to determine whether the work and conduct of the petitioner was satisfactory.
In any case the object was to prevent any further unauthorized construction which was successfully done by sealing the premises.
Petitioner is stated to be a meritorious student and he is stated to be not in a position to continue the proceedings.
In any case a sole arbitrator has to be appointed under the arbitration agreement and since the parties have not agreed for a mutually agreeable arbitrator, it will be just and appropriate to appoint an arbitrator by this Court.
Therefore, taking into consideration the facts and circumstances of the case, I uphold the conviction of the appellant.
The effect of dismissal of suit is altogether different and distinct from the effect of rejection of the plaint.
It is pleaded that in any case principals of natural justice were complied with, as the petitioner was intimated by letter dated 28th March, 2007 about the inquiry and he has, in fact, participated in the inquiry.
It has been held that the petitioner had stopped the misuse by 6th May, 1998, therefore, the petitioner shall only be liable to pay misuse charges for conversion of his property from leasehold to freehold till 6th May,
It is also contended that the plea of defendant No. 1 that the possession has been taken is false to the knowledge of defendants.
In view of the said discussion, I do not find that there is any infirmity in the impugned award.
Misuse charges shall henceforth be levied upto date or the actual date of closure whichever is earlier.
Fixed deposit in respect of 10% of the enhanced award in the joint names of the appellants for a period of four years.
Pursuant to the departmental proceedings initiated against the respondent, which were initiated only one day before his retirement, a penalty order dated 31st May, 2000 was passed imposing 20% reduction in his pension for a period of 10 years.
The said sponsored seats can only be filled by the candidates who are permanent employees of any Central / State Government or Armed Forces.
The learned Tribunal has not awarded any compensation for loss of love and affection, loss of estate, loss of consortium and general expenses.
We have heard the learned counsel for the parties in detail and have also perused the writ petition, replies and the precedents relied on by the parties.
In the light of above discussions, we do not find any merit in this writ petition and the same is dismissed.
The submissions of learned counsel for the appellants can be summarized as under
Therefore, these cases were heard together and are being disposed of by this common judgment.
Thus if the requisites of Section 17B of the Industrial Disputes Act, 1947 are satisfied then no order can be passed denying the workman the benefit of statutory provisions of Section 17B of the Industrial Disputes Act,
Learned counsel for the petitioner refutes it and states that an amount of Rs. 2. 00 crores has been paid.
The respondent, therefore, cannot be directed to admit the petitioner in the course of Nuclear medicine.
In view of the above discussion, the total compensation is enhanced to Rs. 13, 42, 800 / - from Rs. 12, 27, 000 / - with interest @ 7. 5% per annum from the date of filing of the petition till realisation and the same should be paid to the appellant by the respondents
This Court is unable to accept the submission of the learned Senior Counsel for the petitioner.
In such cases in which the lessee / GPA has applied for conversion of the property the misuse charges shall be levied upto the date of receipt of complete application for conversion along with all annexures and documents.
However, on the enhanced award amount, the rate of interest shall be 7. 5% from the date of filing of the petition till realization.
Candidates, who have been admitted must join the concerned department on the date mentioned in the selection letter, if they do not join, they shall forfeit all their claims for a seat and fees deposited will not be refunded.
As regards the compensation towards permanent disability, I feel that the tribunal has not erred in not awarding the same.
Thereafter, the enquiry was entrusted to an IO of Inspector rank who was superior to the petitioner.
No precedent or law has been brought to the notice of this Court holding that the disciplinary authority cannot draw inferences different from the enquiry officer on the basis of same material.
This is apparent from a perusal of the order dated 15th July, 2005 passed by the learned Additional Sessions Judge, which reads as follows
The defendant no. 1 was served by publication and had proceeded ex parte as none had appeared on his behalf.
Candidates or their authorized representatives participating in the counselling process are required to maintain proper decorum / discipline at the time of counselling.
The counsel contended that the tribunal also erred in not awarding adequate compensation towards loss of love & affection, funeral expenses, loss of estate, loss of consortium, mental pain and sufferings and the loss of services, which were being rendered by the deceased to the appellants.
The findings and inferences of the Tribunal are based on evidence and documents on record and there does not appear to be any manifest errors in them.
The State Government can, however, sponsor a candidate for the sponsored seat for the superspecialty course, only for those courses which are not available in that State.
As regards the charge under Section 330 / 34 IPC, the appellants were sentenced to undergo RI for the period of four years each and also to pay a fine of Rs. 2, 000 / - each and in default of payment of fine to undergo RI for the period of six months respectively
The impugned order of the learned single Judge is set aside.
The plaintiffs has also agreed that in case of decrease in the present price of the softwares which are to be purchased by the defendants, the benefit of the decrease of the price shall be given to the defendants.
Merely on the basis of allegations made by the defendants it cannot be inferred that the suit of the plaintiffs is vexatious and frivolous and the plaintiffs shall not be entitled for the benefits of their own wrongs
I do not find any substance in the argument of the counsel for the petitioner
No other documents have been produced by the plaintiff to establish that the documents on the basis of which the consignment was released by defendant no. 1 were forged
In any case, the queries put up by the respondent had been approved by the Regional Director.
Whether the letter dated 28. 12. 99 issued by the claimant company was received and acted upon by the respondent, if so its effects?
The respondent filed an additional affidavit dated 12th August, 2009 contending inter alia that respondent does not permit candidates to switch / shift over for a different category once the candidate opts for any seat in a particular category.
In order to determine whether the defendant No. 1 released the shipment in accordance with the terms and conditions of the agreement what is to be determined is under what circumstances the goods were to be released.
I have carefully considered the submissions made by the learned counsel for the petitioner and gone through the record.
The conviction of the appellant for the offence punishable under Section 364 A IPC is set aside.
No rule or precedent has been shown by the learned counsel which will entitle the petitioner for the change of his date of birth after retirement and to take him back in service after his retirement.
It shall also be in the interest of justice to quash the said FIR and all the proceedings emanating therefrom.
In order to appreciate the submissions of learned counsel for the appellant, it would be useful to reproduce Section 7A of the said Act, which is as follows
In case of the respondent the enquiry officer called for the files and culled the facts from there without disclosing them to the respondent and without seeking explanation of the respondent.
Considering the facts and circumstances of the present revision petition, the parties are also left to bear their own costs.
By now it is a well - established principle of law that the High Court exercising power of judicial review under Article of the Constitution does not act as an appellate authority.
Whether the findings or conclusions are based on some evidence, the authority entrusted with the power to hold inquiry has jurisdiction, power and authority to reach a finding of fact or conclusion.
Enhancement is also claimed on the ground that a sum of just Rs. 10, 000 / - is awarded towards conveyance instead of the claim of Rs. 50, 000 / -.
Neither any written statement was filed nor there is any deposition on behalf of the defendant no. 1.
In ascertaining whether the plaint discloses cause of action and that the suit has been properly valued or not, the pleas raised in the plaint only have to be considered.
It was asserted that since the father of the petitioner is not in receipt of disability element of disability pension for life, the petitioner is not eligible for a reserved seat under priority
In the circumstances, this Court declines to consider the same as the same was not argued before the Tribunal though the petitioner has raised it in his original application before the Tribunal.
It was also held that if two interpretation are possible and the action of the alleged contemnor pertains to one such interpretation, it will be doubtful to hold that the order has been violated willfully and intentionally.
The allegation made in para 2 of the plaint by the plaintiff is refuted by the defendant no. 2 in his written statement contending that there is no contractual relationship between the plaintiff and contesting defendant.
The compensation towards funeral expenses, loss of love and affection and loss of consortium is fair and reasonable and does not call any interference
In the circumstances, apparently the charge against the petitioner was vague and findings are patently incorrect and based on Enquiry Officer 's assumption and surmises and conjectures.
The respondent shall, however, be liable to pay a cost of Rs. 20, 000 / - to the petitioner.
The contesting defendant has contended that there is no plea in the plaint that the written statement has not been filed by a duly authorized person.
All cases of conversion where the past misuse / unauthorized construction was reported or the misuse is continuing are to be processed for conversion
Therefore, the defendant No. 2 is also not liable for any interest to plaintiff for any period and at any rate
Fixed deposit in respect of 10% of the award amount in the name of respondent No. 5 for a period of six years.
The remaining amount of Rs. 10, 00, 000 / - be kept in fixed deposit in the following manner
The petitioner is neither a shipper nor the exporter nor the receiver of the said bill.
Nothing contrary to the pleas and contentions of the defendant no. 2 has been established by the plaintiff.
The petitioner contended that his admission is provisional and not confirmed and the error which had crept in should have been rectified.
A. A. No. 251 / 2008 On cancellation of the proposed agreement and alleged forfeiture of the earnest money given by the petitioner to the respondent, the arbitration agreement was invoked by the petitioner by notice dated 9th June,
Fixed deposit of Rs. 5, 00, 000 / - in the name of appellant No. 3 for a period of three years
It is pleaded by the plaintiff that ultimately plaintiff served a legal notice by registered post and UPC demanding amount of loan.
Let the statement of respondent No. 2 be recorded who is identified by her counsel.
As a company is a juristic entity it is obvious that some person has to sign the pleadings on behalf of the company.
It was also found that the provisions of Section 25F of the Industrial Disputes Act, 1947 had not been complied with.
The learned Tribunal has awarded Rs. 25, 000 / - towards permanent disability, Rs. 1, 44, 000 / - towards loss of income and Rs. 75, 000 / - towards loss of income during treatment.
I have heard counsel for the parties and perused the annexures filed along with the writ petition.
In the circumstances, it cannot be held that the respondent did not fulfill the eligibility criteria of five years of service in the said grade.
The brief facts to comprehend the controversies are that the petitioner was initially appointed as Nursing Orderly on 17th April, 2000, and he worked on the said post till 5th November,
It was urged by the counsel that the tribunal erred in not considering future prospects while computing compensation as it failed to appreciate that the deceased would have earned much more in near future as he was of 29 yrs of age only and would have lived for another 30 - 40 yrs had he not met with the accident.
Moreover, if the matter, as in the present case, requires a detailed inquiry, it must be left to the Court which passed the order and which presumably is fully acquainted with the subject - matter of its own order.
The counsel for the respondent no. 3 workman has also not been able to show any such order.
The counselling of the OBC category was held prior to the counselling of the general category.
This writ petition, therefore, fails and is hereby dismissed with no orders as to costs.
But in ascertaining whether the plaint shows cause of action the court does not enter upon a trial of the issues affecting the merits of the claim made by the plaintiff.
In such cases conversion may be Allowed by treating the earlier Application for sale permission as infructuous / withdrawn.
An enquiry as contemplated under Delhi Police (Punishment and Appeal) Rules, 1980 was conducted against the petitioner following the rules and regulations and the established procedures.
By allowing this application the defendant No. 2 was not substituted in place of defendant No. 1 but was rather impleaded as independent party.
The award amount is enhanced from Rs. 54, 000 / - to Rs. 1, 03, 000 / - along with interest @ 7. 5% per annum from the date of filing of the petition till realization.
For the offence punishable under Section 324 IPC, he has been sentenced to undergo imprisonment for a period of one year.
Though other employees were upgraded by order dated 20th December, 1990, however, the petitioner was denied this one - time cadre scheme under which the petitioner was entitled for the next higher scale of Rs. 1640 - 2900 (revised 5500 - 9000).
The circular contemplating that misuse charges would be levied upto date or the actual date of closure whichever is earlier.
According to learned counsel, the Order of United States Bankruptcy Court dated 12th August, 1991 is an order of competent jurisdiction and reliance was placed on Section 14 of the Code of Civil Procedure.
Agreement to Sell and Sale Deed by the defendants are part of the same transaction for the same property.
The parties have settled their disputes and in terms of the settlement the suit has already been decreed.
The compensation towards loss of love and affection and loss of consortium be enhanced.
It shall also be in the interest of justice to quash the said FIR and all the proceedings emanating therefrom, in the facts and circumstances.
It was also alleged that defendant No. 1 deliberately, dishonestly, negligently, carelessly and with ulterior and fraudulent motives did not disclose the details of release of shipment, as defendant No. 1 intended to forestall claims being lodged by the plaintiff.
The court has to exercise this discretion with utmost care and caution, balancing one’s right and liberty on one hand and the interest of the society on the other.
The CO was repeatedly informed that the builder was not demolishing unauthorized construction and was going ahead with the unauthorized construction.
Far from securing the ends of justice their pendency or disposal on merits will indubitably defeat the ends of justice.
For the reasons mentioned above, I find that there is no jurisdictional error or illegality or impropriety in the order which has been passed by the learned Additional Rent Controller or the impugned order passed by the learned Additional Rent Control Tribunal.
There is no such illegality or irregularity in the order of the Tribunal impugned before this Court which will require interference by this Court in the exercise of its jurisdiction under Article 226 of the Constitution of India.
As regards permanent disablement and loss of amenities of life, the tribunal has awarded Rs. 20, 000 / -.
We see no infirmity in the findings of the learned Single Judge.
Fixed deposit for Rs. 50, 000 / in the name of respondent No. 1 for a period of four and a half years.
The contention of the petitioner is that he is a Government servant aged about 40 years and he had been residing separately and not concerned with the dispute between the husband and wife.
The learned counsel asserted that there is grave apprehension that the petitioner may flee from the jurisdiction of this Court.
The contesting defendant denied that it had taken over the liabilities of the defendant no. 1 or its business.
The learned counsel for the petitioner in the circumstances contend that the petitioner is entitled to be released on bail at least for six months.
No cheque book be issued to respondent No. 1 without the permission of this Court
But in ascertaining whether the petition shows a cause of action the court does not enter upon a trial of the issues affecting the merits of the claim made by the petitioner.
The defendants No. 1 and 3 have also agreed to give unannounced audits of the plaintiff’s software on the central processing units / computers of the defendants for a period of 5 calendar years from the date of settlement.
The petitioner has sought for allotment of a 90 sq. mtr. plot under the quota reserved for Ex Serviceman despite registration for 23 years as he was entitled for allotment in 1989 but his name was not included.
After deducting 1 / 3rd towards personal expenses of the deceased, the loss of dependency comes to Rs. 3, 000 / - per month.
Petitioner is directed to deposit the costs with Registrar General of this court, by way of cross - cheque, within four weeks from today
Fixed deposit for Rs. 25, 000 / - in the name of respondent No. 1 for a period of six years.
The candidates in order of merit will exercise their choice of subject according to availability of seats in their respective category.
The issued, subscribed and paid up share capital of the applicant / Transferor company is Rs. 100, 00, 00, 700 / divided into 10, 00, 00, 070 equity shares of Rs. 10 / - each.
The petitioners shall appear before the Investigating Officer as and when directed by him and shall not try to influence any of the witnesses in any manner.
Perusal of other Clauses of the agreement also do not reflect taking over any of the liability specifically by defendant No. 2.
I do not find any merit in the application seeking condonation of delay in filing the present appeal after such a long and unexplained delay.
It shall also be in the interest of justice to quash the said FIR and all the proceedings emanating therefrom against petitioner No. 1.
I have heard learned counsel for the parties and have perused the record which has been placed before this court
No suggestion was given to him that he was not authorized to sign and verify the pleadings on behalf of contesting defendant or that power of attorney was not executed in his favor.
There is no dispute about the proposition of law laid down by the Supreme Court.
Learned counsel for the parties state that the matter between the parties has been resolved amicably.
The learned counsel for the petitioner has also contended that the disciplinary authority has to give detailed reasons only if it had differs from the enquiry report.
Defendant No. 2 also asserted that the plaint does not disclose any cause of action against defendant No. 2, as no document has been filed to show that defendant No. 2 has taken over and / or amalgamated with defendant No. 1.
The plaintiffs have agreed to release the computers / central processing units which were seized and sealed by the Local Commissioner on account of the defendants having unlicensed / pirated software of the plaintiffs on them.
It was also pleaded that nothing has been produced by the plaintiff to show that all the business, assets, liabilities, rights, title and / or interests of defendant No. 1 have been assigned vested and / or have devolved upon defendant No. 2.
As regards special diet expenses, the Tribunal has erred in not awarding the same.
In order to infer that the petitioner has committed a gross irregularity, no reasonable opportunity has been given to the petitioner and his version for shortage of attendance has not been considered.
Circumstantial flexibility, one additional or different fact may make a world of difference between conclusions in two cases and disposing of a case by blindly placing reliance on a decision is not proper
The respondent no. 2 / complainant, however, admitted that when the tablets were taken by her, the petitioner no. 4 / husband has got her admitted to a private hospital.
Fixed deposit in respect of 5% of the award amount in the name of appellant No. 1 for a period of four years.
I find no merits in the petition, the same is accordingly dismissed.
The trial court record along with a copy of this judgment be sent back immediately.
Rs. 1, 00, 000 / - is awarded towards loss of amenities of life and Rs. 1, 00, 000 / - towards disfiguration
The petitioner has challenged the order of the Tribunal dated 10th July, 2009 in the present writ petition under Article 226 of the Constitution of India.
The seat under the category of foreign national also cannot be allotted to the petitioner as the same is to be allotted in accordance with the bilateral agreement between the Government of India and other countries.
Apparently, the petitioner cannot compare himself with those who had been considered on humanitarian grounds as some of them were appointed on the compassionate ground after the demise of sole bread earner in their family.
This was pointed out by the counsel for the respondent who had appeared on advance notice and therefore, the petitioner sought an adjournment and filed an additional affidavit dated 2nd July,
Another allegation of the petitioner is that the Northern Railway, Central Hospital has breached the rules of the Residency Scheme more often than complying with the same.
Learned counsel for the petitioner has contended that the application for compassionate appointment should have been considered for three calendar years from the date of the application and not for three recruitment years.
The CO granted time extension without any justification to enable the builder to continue the unauthorized construction and also approach the Hon’ble High Court to obtain ex parte decision.
Fixed deposit for Rs. 50, 000 / - in the name of respondent No. 3 for a period of three and a half years.
Before filing of the petition on 15th July, 2008, the respondents have not appointed the arbitrator and, therefore, they have lost the right to appoint an arbitrator of their choice.
It appears that the Selection List of direct appointees was challenged in various other writ petitions where the petitioner was not a party as he did not have two years requisite experience.
The application, therefore, is dismissed, however, the parties are left to bear their own costs.
It is not disputed that recommendation has been implemented in case of other libraries on 24th July, 1990 and no facts have been disclosed as to why the recommendation should not be implemented in the case of petitioner.
The hospital was also directed to indicate the treatment administered to the petitioner and whether the treatment available is adequate considering his condition and his illness.
From the above, it is apparent that the plea taken on behalf of the petitioner that he had joined the course of Pharmacology on 1st July, 2009 without prejudice to his rights and contentions is not correct.
The request of the petitioner for relaxation for promotion to the post of Operation Theatre Assistant was thereafter considered by the Lieutenant Governor, and rejected by order dated 18th July,
The deceased was aged 28 years at the time of the accident and was survived by her husband and three minor children who filed the claim petition before the Learned Tribunal.
In view our aforesaid discussion, we find no merit in this petition and dismiss the same, leaving the parties to bear their respective costs.
In the affidavit dated 2nd July, 2009, it was contended by the petitioner that he was not allowed to join on the ground that his case is pending before the Court.
The applicants / defendants have also asserted that the plaintiffs have misled this Court and have made false averments that they had not given the possession of the suit land and are still enjoying the possessory rights over the suit land.
It was asserted that left over seats from reserved category quota are liable to be transferred to the general category pool at the end / third counselling.
Notice sent by registered post was refused and the notice sent by UPC was not returned and it is deemed to have been served on the plaintiff.
Under these circumstances, it is not safe to rely on the testimony of any of the so - called eye witnesses.
No restriction has been placed on the scope and ambit of the consideration of the grievances of the teacher or employee by the Tribunal.
Under the Limitation Act the limitation for preferring a claim gets extended on account of acknowledgement of the liability in writing or on account of part payment within the period of limitation.
Perusal of the prospectus, however, reveals that sponsored seats can be allocated to the sponsored candidates only.
The findings and inferences of the Labor Court are based on evidence and documents on record and there does not appear to be any manifest errors in it.
It is further clarified that these orders will have prospective effect and the cases already decided / settled will not be reopened.
The deceased was survived by his widow, four minor children and parents who filed the claim petition before the learned Tribunal.
The court has no jurisdiction to try and entertain the complaint.
In view of the above discussion, the total compensation is enhanced to Rs. 2, 15, 600 / - from Rs. 59, 000 / - with interest @ 7. 5% per annum from the date of filing of the present petition till realisation and the same should be paid to the appellants by the respondent insurance company in the same proportion as awarded by the tribunal.
The competent authority was Lieutenant Governor, and therefore, the plea of the petitioner for relaxation for promotion to the post of Operation Theatre Assistant was considered to be considered by the Lieutenant Governor.
As it was not within his exclusive jurisdiction to dispose of such applications, the charge was held to be misconceived and vague.
On behalf of applicant it is also asserted that the applicant has a daughter aged eight years who also needs support from applicant who is the oldest male member in the family.
I, therefore, do not find any merit in the writ petition, the same is dismissed.
The issue is decided in favour of the Plaintiff and against the Defendant
After accepting the order of the Tribunal and acting upon it, the petitioner cannot seek to assail the said order merely because the medical report of the medical board is not found favourable by the petitioner.
DW 3 / 1, copy of operating permit dated 1st November, 1991, issued to defendant No. 2 by Directorate General of Civil Aviation
No replication was filed by the plaintiff to the written statement of defendant no. 2 refuting certain pleas and contentions taken by the said defendant in its written statement.
He said that he has no knowledge about the concealment of the drugs in the container which was not booked and reserved by him.
The disputes between the petitioner No. 1 and respondent No. 2, who were husband and wife, has been resolved.
The decision of this Court in Bishan Dayal (supra) has no application to the facts of the present case.
Changing the date of Birth in exercise of jurisdiction under Article 226 of the Constitution of India, in such facts and circumstances is unwarranted.
There is no merit in this appeal and the same is dismissed.
A notice was published against him directing him to join the duties within fifteen days and therefore, in January, 1984 he wanted to resume his duties, however, he was not allowed to join the duties till 31st December,
The appeal filed by the appellant is dismissed with no order as to costs.
In any case, from the documents produced by the petitioner, it cannot be inferred that the petitioner had worked for more than 240 days in a year.
The appeal is allowed and the award amount is enhanced from Rs. 1, 15, 000 / - to Rs. 2, 47, 400 / - along with interest @ 7. 5% per annum from the date of filing of the petition till realization
It is further stated that the petitioner has not exploited the liberty granted to him earlier in any way.
The learned Tribunal has awarded Rs. 10, 000 / - towards funeral expenses and Rs. 25, 000 / - has been awarded towards loss of love and affection.
For the reasons indicated above, we are not inclined to interfere with the impugned order.
In view of the discussions above, we find it difficult to sustain the conviction of the appellant under Section 302 IPC read with Section 34 IPC and Section 498 - A IPC.
The writ petition is dismissed alongwith the pending application being devoid of merits.
Learned Single Judge fell in error in placing reliance upon the material supplied by the defendant, which alone is sufficient to set aside the impugned order.
The ratio of the said cases does not support the plea of the plaintiff to claim interest pendente lite and future interest.
The disciplinary authority, however, differed with the finding of the enquiry officer and considered the case to be of gross misconduct.
Learned Single Judge instead of proceeding to reject the plaint dismissed the suit, which approach is also erroneous.
Conversion to freehold mentioned above have been may be allowed after completed including carrying out mutation with registration of sale deed. reference to sale deed executed by the lessee and after realising prescribed conversion charges.
The fact that the queries put up by the respondent were approved by the Regional Director has not been denied by the learned counsel for the petitioner after taking instructions from the petitioner’s representative present in the court.
On account of alleged breaches by the petitioner and the claimant disputes arose and in view of the arbitration agreement between the parties an arbitration panel was appointed.
He assailed the said judgment of Learned Tribunal firstly, on the ground that the tribunal erred in assessing the income of the deceased at Rs. 2500 / - per month whereas after looking at the facts and circumstances of the case the tribunal should have assessed the income of the deceased at Rs. 3500 / - per month.
I have considered the submission made by the learned counsel for the petitioner.
After considering all these factors, I am of the view that the tribunal has not erred in assessing the income of the deceased at Rs. 3, 000 / - pm.
The learned counsel for the petitioner and respondent No. 2 state that the matter has been resolved between the parties and pursuant to the settlement of their disputes, they want to continue having good relations.
The direction and in the findings of the Tribunal, therefore, cannot be faulted in the facts and circumstances.
Any seats falling vacant during the 3rd counselling / open selection or seats available after 23rd July 2009 will be transferred to the next session.
The appellant has challenged the quantum of compensation awarded to the claimants.
The ratio of any decision must be understood in the background of the facts of that case.
It was stated on behalf of the defendants that the plaintiff had paid a sum of Rs 5 lakhs as earnest money at the time of execution of the agreement to sell.
The enquiry could not be completed till 31st July, 1999, the time granted by the Court and consequently extension of time was sought which was allowed and time was granted uptil 15th May,
Pursuant to said order dated 26th November, 2009, the learned counsel for the petitioner has informed that the sealed cover of the respondent was opened and the respondent has not been recommended for departmental promotion.
The writ petition is accordingly allowed with costs of Rs. 10, 000 / which will be paid by the ICAI to the Petitioner within a period of four weeks.
Perusal of Section 17 B of the Industrial Disputes Act, 1947 reveals that it comes into operation when an Award directing reinstatement of a workman is assailed in further proceedings by the employer.
Consequently, we find no merit in the writ petition and it is accordingly dismissed.
Though it is true that the jurisdiction of the Tribunal in judicial review is limited, however, disciplinary proceedings being quasi - criminal in nature, there should be some cogent and reliable evidence to prove the charge.
Whether Reporters of local papers may be allowed to see the judgment?
Therefore, it was held that it would not be safe to rely on identification for the first time in the court.
Learned counsel for the petitioner has not been able to establish that the petitioner has a right to change his cadre from the Driver to that of Operation Theatre Assistant.
The petitioner was an employee with Ministry of Home Affairs and had been working as a manager in the departmental canteen.
Consequently, in the present case the arbitral proceedings shall be deemed to have commenced from 9th June, 2008 when the notice was given by the petitioner on the basis of the arbitration agreement between the parties.
The respondent asserted that after show cause notice dated 15th June, 2001 it was replied by the petitioner by letter dated 8th July,
The tender was opened in the office of respondent No. 1 and the petitioner was declared as highest bidder.
It was held that issuance of request for appointment of an arbitrator in terms of the arbitration agreement must be held to be determinative of the commencement of the arbitral proceedings.
In view of the large scale misuse of residential premises and unauthorized construction, DDA and local bodies would take coordinated action to deal with the situation effectively.
It is not a case of no evidence or such irregularities which would entail interference by this Court in exercise of its jurisdiction under Article 226 of the Constitution of India.
From the authoritative pronouncements of the Apex Court, the right of a workman to an amount equivalent to the wages notified under the Minimum Wages Act, 1948 is thus, in fact, recognition of the constitutional mandate.
The disciplinary authority also imposed the punishment without recording the finding of either `grave misconduct’ or` grave negligence’.
It has merely to satisfy itself that the allegations made in the plaint, if accepted as true, would entitle the plaintiff to the relief he claims.
A transgression of some established and definite rule of action, a forbidden act, a dereliction from duty, unlawful behaviour, wilful in character, improper or wrong behaviour, its synonyms are misdemeanour, misdeed, misbehaviour, delinquency, impropriety, mismanagement, offence, but not negligence or carelessness.
A demand - cum - allotment letter shall be issued to the petitioners within a period of four weeks from the date of holding the draw of lots.
But it is only right to any that even if the Court felt there might be something to be enquired into nevertheless as a matter of discretion they would, having regard to the appeal, refused you leave.
The Supreme Court had set aside the proceedings conducted after 15th May, 1999 the time given by the State Administrative Tribunal and had directed to continue the proceeding after 15th May, 1999 afresh.
Hence, in the light of the above, this court does not find any infirmity or illegality in the impugned order passed by the court below
In view of my foregoing discussion, I find that this Court has no territorial jurisdiction to entertain the present petition.
No document has been placed on record by the defendant that of the companies whose advertisements were published, he had no dealings
