At the appointed hour on the allotted day or as the case may be , the last of the allotted days , the Chairman forthwith puts every question necessary to determine the decision of the House on the original question .
Resolutions A resolution is also one of the procedural means available to the members and the ministers to raise a discussion in the House on a matter of general public interest .
Unlike motions in general , forms of resolutions have been provided by the Rules of Procedure concerning both the Houses .
Effect of Motions or Resolutions Adopted by the House : By voting on a motion or a resolution , the House declares its opinion with regard to the subject matter there of and it becomes an order of the House .
As far as their effect is concerned , resolutions passed by the Parliament fall in the following categories :
Resolutions expressing merely an opinion of the House are not binding on the government .
As a matter of practice , it rests entirely on the discretion of the government whether or not to give effect to the opinions expressed in these resolutions .
Resolutions adopted by the House in matters concerning its own proceedings are binding and have the force of law .
Their validity cannot be challenged in courts .
Resolutions having a statutory effect , if adopted , are binding on the government and have the force of law .
In such a case , should the resolution be treated as amounting to a vote of censure on the government ?
In case , however , the member wants to withdraw his motion after the leave of the House has been granted , he may do so only with the permission of the House .
Notice of no - confidence motion can also be withdrawn by members concerned by sending letters of withdrawal signed by all the signatories to the notice before the item is taken up in the House .
In that case the it tern is not mentioned in , or brought before the House .
Rajya Sabha is not empowered to entertain a motion of no - confidence because the government is collectively responsible under the Constitution only to the directly elected House of the People ( Lok Sabha ) .
A censure motion is distinct from a no - confidence motion .
Whereas a motion of no - confidence need not specify any grounds on which it is based , a censure motion must set out the ground ( s ) or charge ( s ) on which it is based and is moved for the specific purpose of censuring the government for certain policies and actions .
Censure motion can be moved against the Council of Ministers or an individual minister or a group of ministers for the failure to act or not to act or for their policy , and may express regret , indignation or surprise of the House at the failure of the minister or ministers .
The motion should be specific and self - explanatory so as to record the reasons for the censure , precisely and briefly .
The Speaker ' s decision whether the motion is in order or not for any reason is final .
No leave of the House is required to move a censure motion .
It is not as if the government can tax , borrow and spend money the way it likes .
Since there is a limit to the resources the State can mobilise , the need for proper budgeting arises to allocate scarce resources to various governmental activities .
Every item of expenditure has to be well - thought out and the total outlay worked out for a specific period .
Also , there must be the sanction of the people behind all these financial proposals , expressed clearly through their chosen representatives .
It is in this context that the Budget of the Government of India is presented before both the Houses of Parliament every year .
In other words , it is a proposal of how much money is to be spent on what and how much of it will be contributed by whom or raised from where during the coming year .
The essential features of the financial procedures followed in India are laid down in the Constitution which ensures the supremacy of the Lok Sabha in financial matters .
Constitution provides that no tax shall be levied or collected except by authority of Parliament and that the President shall , in respect of every financial year , cause to be laid before both Houses , the Annual Financial Statement . '
A . The draft Bill was submitted in slightly amended form to a committee of the All Parties Conference held at Delhi in January 1925 .
Finally a Drafting Committee published the Bill .
The Bill was sent to an influential member of the Labour Party in Britain .
The Bill had the first reading after it was introduced in the House of Commons .
Though with the defeat of the Labour Government the fate of the Bill was sealed , it was a major effort by the Indians to outline a constitutional system for India with the help of peaceful and constitutional means .
The adoption of the famous Motilal Nehru resolution in 1924 and 1925 on the National Demand was a historic event in as much as the Central Legislature had , for the first time , lent its support to the growing demand that the future constitution of India should be framed by Indians themselves .
a resolution calling upon the Congress Working Committee to frame a constitution for India in consultation with the elected members of the Central and Provincial Legislatures and leaders of political parties .
Only verbal , formal and consequential amendments are allowed to be moved at this stage .
Since the general principles of the Bill have already been agreed to and its details have also been examined , the third reading is seldom the occasion for a lengthy debate .
In passing an ordinary Bill , a simple majority of members present and voting is required .
In a parliamentary system with the government enjoying majority support in the Lok Sabha , a government Bill , therefore , has got nearly full guarantee of easy passage .
These , besides providing for any of the matters specified in the Constitution for a Money Bill , also provide for other matters .
Let us , for the sake of convenience , divide the Financial Bills into two categories :
Category A : Those Bills which make provisions for any of the matters specified in Art . 110 for the Money Bill but do not contain solely those matters , e . g . a Bill which contains a taxation clause , but does not deal solely with taxation .
Category B : Bills containing provisions involving expenditure from the Consolidated Fund .
Accordingly , all Financial Bills are not Money Bills .
Only those Financial Bills may be Money Bills which contain solely the matters specified under Art . 110 and which are , above all , certified by the Speaker to be Money Bills .
Besides , there is a slight procedural difference as far as the passage of Money Bills and Financial Bills through both the Houses is concerned .
A Money Bill can be introduced only in the Lok Sabha on the recommendation of the President and the Rajya Sabha has no power to withhold its concurrence .
A Financial Bill of category A , that is to say , any Bill which contains any of the matters specified for a Money Bill but does not exclusively deal with such matters , has two features in common with a Money Bill , viz . , ( a ) that it cannot be introduced in the Rajya Sabha and also ( b ) that it cannot be introduced except on the recommendation of the President .
The discussion helps the government to bring a comprehensive Government Bill on the subject , if necessary .
Two - and - a - half hours are allotted on every alternate Friday during a session for transaction of business relating to Private Members ' Bills , the other Friday being devoted to Private Members ' Resolutions .
So far as the stages of a Private Member ' s Bill in the House and the general procedure are concerned , there is no difference between the Government Bills and the Private Members ' Bills , The latter proceeds on the same lines as a Government Bill .
A member who wants to introduce a Bill has to give one month ' s notice unless the Speaker or the Chairman , as the case may be , allows introduction at a shorter notice .
The notice is to be accompanied by a copy of the Bill and an explanatory Statement of Objects and Reasons .
Where a Bill , if enacted , is likely to involve expenditure from public funds , a financial memorandum giving an estimate of the - expenditure involved is appended to the Bill by the member .
In case the Bill contains proposals for delegated legislation , a memorandum regarding delegated legislation is also appended to the Bill .
Moreover , in Committees the government may willingly concede a point or two and accept constructive suggestions from Opposition members .
Last , Committees provide useful forums for the utilisation of experience and ability that may otherwise remain untapped .
They also constitute a valuable training ground for future ministers and presiding officers .
They train a large number of members not only in the ways in which administration is carried on , but also make them aware of the problems that the administrators have to face in their day - to - day functioning .
An important aspect of our committee system is that the Committees act as a liaison between the Parliament and the people on the one hand and between the government and the people on the other .
They enable the general public , institutions and in some cases even individual citizens to participate more directly and effectively in the consideration by the Parliament of issues directly affecting the people .
This kind of public participation in the work of the Parliament is made possible by the Committees inviting written memoranda and representations from experts and bodies , organisations or interests affected by the measures under consideration of the Committees , hearing oral evidence from the representatives of the parties concerned and undertaking study tours for on - the - spot study of the issues under their consideration .
This procedure helps in educating the public in the functioning of the parliamentary system and focusing their attention on important public issues .
The former if not carried out properly may defeat the very purpose of the policy .
The policy may fail to achieve the desired goals either because of inefficiency or due to lack of proper organisation of the machinery available to implement it .
It is always , therefore , necessary to have a body which should examine the policy in action and bring the governmental organisation , their procedures and practices under scrutiny .
Their very performance has to be assessed with reference to their efficiency and economy for both are interdependent .
Further , no administrative system can perhaps be 100 per cent free from problems like misuse of power , negligence , delay , indifference , nepotism , etc .
It is not possible to arrive at facts in regard to these aspects of administration without research - based study , methodical enquiry and thorough examination of the officials of the ministry or undertaking concerned .
The Financial Committees are said to play a very important role as the watch dogs of the Parliament .
They are unique because whereas accountability of the administration to the Parliament is not direct and is exercised through ministers , in the Committees , the civil servants come face to face with the Committees .
Thus the control exercised by these Committees is continuous , thorough and direct , employing all the means of scrutiny by way of issuance of questionnaires , calling of memoranda from representative non - official organisations and knowledgeable individuals , on - the - spot study of organisations and informal discussions and oral evidence of non - officials and officials .
The three Financial Committees bring to light inefficiencies , waste and indiscretion hi the implementation of policies and programmes approved by the Parliament .
The number of Members allotted to the Indian States was also to be fixed on the same basis of population as adopted for British India , but the method of their selection was to be settled later by consultation .
292 representatives drawn from the eleven Governors ' Provinces of British India and 93 representatives from the Indian States .
The Cabinet Mission recommended a basic framework for the constitution and laid down in some detail the procedure to be followed by the constitution - making body .
Elections for the 296 seats assigned to the British - Indian Provinces were completed by July - August 1946 .
The Congress won 208 seats including all the General seats except nine and the Muslim League 73 seats , that is , all but five of the seats allotted to Muslims .
The party - wise break - up of the assembly ' s British Indian membership was as follows : CongressMuslim LeagueUnionist Unionist Muslim Unionist Scheduled Castes Krishak PrajaScheduled Castes Federation Sikh ( Non - Congress ) Communist Independents With the partition and independence of the country , on 14 - 15 August 1947 , the constituent assembly of India could be said to have become free from the fetters of the Cabinet Mission Plan .
Moreover , following the acceptance of the Plan of 3 June , the members of the Muslim League Party from the Indian Dominion also took their seats in the assembly .
The representatives of some of the Indian States had already entered the assembly on 28 April 1947 .
By 15 August 1947 most of the States were represented in the assembly and the remaining States also sent their representatives in due course .
In the Rajya Sabha it consists of 11 members , including the Deputy Chairman .
The Chairman of the Rajya Sabha is the ex - officio Chairman of the Committee .
The function of the Committee is to recommend the time that should be allocated for the transaction of such legislative and other business as initiated by the government .
In the Rajya Sabha , however , the Committee also recommends the time that should be allocated for the discussion of Private Members ' Bills and Resolutions .
The Committee discharges such other functions as may be assigned to it by the Speaker / Chairman , Rajya Sabha , as the case may be , from time to time .
The Committee , on its own initiative , may recommend to the government to bring forward any particular subject for discussion in the House and recommend allocation of time for such discussion .
The role the Committee plays in assisting the House in allocating time for various types of business has always been of considerable significance .
At the sittings of the Committee , the atmosphere is cordial and the spirit of give and take between the government and the Opposition has been very prominent .
Committee on Private Members ' Bills and Resolutions : This Committee of Lok Sabha consists of 15 members with the Deputy Speaker as its Chairman .
The Committee , thus performs the same function in relation to Private Members ' Bills and Resolutions as the Business Advisory Committee does in regard to government business .
There is no such Committee in the Rajya Sabha .
Committee on Absence of Members from the Sittings of the House : The Constitution provides that if a member of either House keeps himself absent from all meetings of the House for a period of 60 days without permission , the House may declare his seat vacant .
To facilitate matters , the Lok Sabha constituted a Committee consisting of 15 members , to consider requests from members seeking leave of absence from the House .
In the Rajya Sabha such matters are considered by the House itself .
The functions of the Committee are ( i ) to consider all applications from members for leave of absence from the sittings of the House ; and ( ii ) to examine every case where a member has been absent for a period of 60 days or more , without permission , from the sittings of the House and to report whether the absence should be condoned or circumstances of the case justify that the House should declare the seat of the member vacant .
The Committee also performs such other functions in respect of attendance of members in the House as may be assigned to it by the Speaker from time to time .
Rules Committee : Each House has a Rules Committee .
In Lok Sabha , the Rules Committee consists of 15 members , including the Speaker who is the ex officio Chairman of the Committee .
In Rajya Sabha , the Committee consists of 16 members including the Chairman and the Deputy Chairman .
Suggestions for amendments or additions to the Rules can be made by any member of the House , minister or the Committee itself .
The Committee , thus , acts as an Ombudsman or Public Grievances Committee .
Committee of Privileges : Each House of Parliament and its committees collectively and its members individually enjoy certain privileges which entitle them to some rights and immunities without which the House , its committees and its members cannot discharge their functions effectively and smoothly .
Whenever a question of breach of privilege arises , even though the House is competent to deal with it , it is generally referred to the Committee of Privileges existing in either House for examination , investigation and report .
The Committee of Privileges is constituted usually every year by the Presiding Officers of the respective Houses .
In the Lok Sabha , it consists of 15 members while in the Rajya Sabha , it has 10 members .
The functions of this Committee are of a semi - judicial nature and it is vested with wide powers .
Although its findings are subject to the ultimate decision of the House , it enjoys the latter ' s confidence and its recommendations are seldom rejected .
The Committee performs a vital role in safeguarding the powers and prestige of the Parliament and its members .
( v ) Scrutiny Committees Committee on Government Assurances : While replying to questions in the House or during discussions on Bills , Resolutions , etc . ministers often give an assurance , promise or undertaking , either to consider a matter or to take action or to furnish the House with . fuller information later .
In order to watch the implementation of such assurances each of the Houses of Parliament has constituted a Committee on Government Assurances .
The Committee keeps a regular watch to ensure implementation of its recommendation by the government .
Through its reports , the Committee has tried to control and regulate the vast discretionary powers enjoyed by the administration with the main objective of protecting the citizens against any excess or abuse of authority .
Late Shri G . V . Mavalankar , the First Speaker of Indian Parliament , held that the Committee on Subordinate Legislation is the ' custodian of the duties of Parliament ' and keeps the administration within bounds intended by Parliament .
Committee on Paperp Laid on the Table : At every session , the government lays before the Parliament a number of statements , reports and papers either in pursuance of constitutional / statutory provision or in reply to questions or suo moto to inform the members of Parliament on various matters .
While some of these reports / papers stand referred to different parliamentary committees , including the Committee on Subordinate Legislation , a bulk of them remain to be examined in detail by the Committee on Papers Laid on the Table which is constituted by either House of Parliament .
The Committee in the Lok Sabha consists of 15 members and in the Rajya Sabha of 10 members .
The Committee examines all papers laid on the Table of the House and reports to the House any defaults in compliance with the provisions of the Constitution , Act , Rule or Regulation under which the papers have been laid or if there has been any unreasonable delay in the laying of such papers before the Parliament .
Thus , the Committee seeks in general to enforce parliamentary control over the administration in areas where it was non - existent till it was constituted in 1975 .
Committee on Welfare of Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes : The Constitution of India provides several safeguards for the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes as also the machinery to watch their implementation .
The Commissioner for Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes makes regular reports in this regard to the President , which are subsequently placed before the Parliament . to ensure effective implementation 6f the recommendations made by the Commissioner for Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes , a Committee on Welfare of Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes is set up .
The possibility of a close scrutiny by a Parliamentary Committee , in itself exercise a salutary effect on the administration .
Many an act of negligence , nepotism , and waste are not committed for the simple fear that they may be looked into and exposed to public gaze by a Committee of Parliament .
There is no doubt that the Committees of Parliament have proved a helpful adjunct to the Indian political system .
By their constant vigilance and fair and constructive appraisals of the functioning of government departments , the Committees have made a distinct contribution to the effective working of the Parliament and have played a significant role in generally strengthening parliamentary institutions in the country .
For quite some time , there was a feeling in different quarters that the Committee System of the Indian Parliament should be improved in keeping with the growing complexities of the modern Welfare State .
The establishment of such Committees could provide the Parliament with the means of keeping governmental activities under constant and continuous scrutiny besides examining all the proposals emanating from the executive within their subject - areas .
Now that 17 Departmental Standing Committees have been finally set up , it may become an important landmark in the annals of our Parliament and result in the emergence of a new dimension in the structure and process of administrative accountability and parliamentary surveillance .
Without weakening the parliamentary system , the concept of ministerial responsibility or the position of the Parliament and its existing Committees , an integrated system of Departmental Committees could strengthen even the government by providing valuable insights into its own working , provide to the Parliament sharper and more effective surveillance tools , restore the balance between the Parliament ' s legislative and deliberative functions and its role as a representational body , and above all save valuable parliamentary time to the mutual advantage of both the Parliament and the government .
Working away from the glare of publicity , in a truly corporate sense , free from the normal partisan spirit that often characterises the debates in the House , such an Integrated system of Committees could provide a potent mechanism for a meaningful multilateral dialogue between the government and the members of Parliament enabling a proper appreciation of each other ' s views , reasonable accomodation of varying viewpoints and harmonisation of conflicting interests . However , the success of such a Committee system and its efficiency as an accountability mechanism would , in the ultimate analysis , depend upon the quality of the members , the willingness of the government to provide timely , factual ; and full information and the orientation , independence objectivity and research expertise of the Committee staff .
If members of the country ' s Legislature have to exercise their rights and discharge their responsibilities without fear or favour , they must have the liberty of seeking exposure , of any governmental lapses , thus bringing the policies and performance of the government to the limelight of public scrutiny . The Legislature and the Legislators can discharge this function effectively and in a competent manner , only if they have a Secretariat of their own unconnected with and independent of the control of the Executive .
If the decisions of the Presiding Officer were to be influenced by the Executive , then the very basis of parliamentary democracy would be in danger .
The idea of a separate Secretariat for the Legislature of India , " independent of and unconnected with the government " , was mooted as early as January 1926 , when the Conference of Presiding Officers of Legislative Bodies in India , convened by Vithalbhai Patel , adopted a resolution proposing the creation of a separate office for the Central Legislative Assembly .
This was followed by a resolution moved in the then Central Legislative Assembly by no less a person than Motilal Nehru and seconded by another illustrious leader , Lala Lajpat Rai on 22 September 1928 , seeking the constitution of a separate Assembly Department .
This resolution was adopted and in fact became " the source of the creation and the authority of the Assembly Department . "
As a result , a separate self - contained department known as ' Legislative Assembly Department ' was created on 10 January 1929 , in the portfolio of the Governor - General with the President of the Legislative Assembly as its de facto head .
Position after Independence The name of the department continued to remain the same until 26 January 1950 , when with the coming into force of the Constitution of India and the creation of the Provisional Parliament , it was changed to " Parliament Secretariat ' .
Their names were changed to ' Lok Sabha Secretariat ' and ' Rajya Sabha Secretariat ' , respectively , in 1954 in keeping with the Hindi nomenclature .
dedication , courtesy , self - control , patience , coolness and tolerance in dealing with members and others ;
precision and accuracy and the habit of placing before the Speaker full facts and rendering impartial advice ;
( vi ) presence of mind , the quality of being a listener with a smile ;
non - partisan , objective approach ? a parliamentary official has to learn to be in the midst of it all and yet out of it ; and The Secretariats of Parliament are dynamic , develop - big institutions requiring constant attention to keep pace with the growing and changing needs of parliamentarians .
The officers and staff of the Secretariats have to be on their toes all the time , constantly thinking of improvements in the ways of serving the members and parliamentary institutions .
In the service of parliamentary institutions , the journey ' s end never comes .
Thanks to the training procedures and facilities , the Parliament in India can take legitimate pride in having done well .
It has been ruled that members should address each other in third person .
It has been ruled quite often that while speaking , members should not repeat arguments , except when it is absolutely necessary to give emphasis to a point .
It , however , does not apply to matters of privilege or where disciplinary jurisdiction of the House with respect to its own members is concerned .
To have a lively debate without repetitions , and with arguments addressed only to the points raised , the written speeches have to be barred .
This , however , does not apply to ministers who may make policy statements from written texts and also read prepared speeches as and when they consider it necessary .
When Another Member is Speaking : For an effective debate , the behaviour of those who listen to the speeches is as important as the conduct of those speaking , and there are , therefore , rules in this regard also .
Tolerance of the opposite viewpoint is the spirit of parliamentary ethos .
The House discusses subjects that are generally complex and sometimes contentious .
Members should not approach the Chair personally . They may send chits to the Officers at the Table , if necessary .
Also , members should not leave the Chambers immediately after delivering their speeches .
In particular , when any member offers a criticism of another member or minister , the latter is entitled to expect that the critic should be present in the House to hear his reply .
To be absent when the latter is replying is a breach of parliamentary etiquette .
In the interests of decorum and dignity of the House members are required not to indulge in any flippancy .
Lady members are expected to desist from knitting in the House .
It is a well - recognised parliamentary convention that every member should resume his seat as soon as the Speaker rises to speak or calls out ' order ' and addresses the House .
Members are not to cross the floor , walk , stand , enter or leave the Chamber when the Speaker is addressing the House .
A member should not ! receive hospitality of any kind for any work he desires or proposes to do from a person or organisation on whose behalf the work is to be done by him .
employee to give information to him which in the course of his normal functions he should not give , nor encourage any such person to speak to him against his senior officials on matters of public importance and policy . !
A member should not unduly influence the govern - ment officials or the ministers in a case in which he is interested financially , ) either directly or indirectly . ( xi )
( xiii ) Conduct of a member involving corruption in the execution of his office as a member is treated by the House as a breach of privilege .
Thus , acceptance of any fee , compensation or ! reward in connection with the promotion of or opposition to any Bill , resolution or matter submitted or proposed to be submitted to the House or any Committee there of is a breach of privilege .
It would also be a breach of privilege or misconduct on the part of a member to enter into an agreement with another person for any reward to advocate and prosecute in the House the claims of such person .
Unfortunately , of late there has been a widespread feeling of decline in the levels of conduct and etiquette followed by the members both inside and outside the Houses of Parliament .
Adjoining the Chamber and co - terminous with it are two covered corridors called the Inner and Outer Lobbies .
These Lobbies are well furnished to make them a comfortable place for members to sit and have informal discussions among themselves .
In the first floor of the Lok Sabha Chamber are located the various public galleries and the Press Gallery .
The Press Gallery is just above the Chair and to its left are situated the Speaker ' s Gallery ( meant for the guests of the Speaker ) and the Rajya Sabha Gallery ( meant for Rajya Sabha members ) .
To the right of the Press Gallery are situated Diplomatic and Distinguished Visitors ' Galleries .
The Lok Sabha Chamber with a floor area of about 446 sq . metres and seating capacity for 550 members , is provided with a modern sound amplifying system .
The unidirectional low impedance microphones placed in strategic positions on pedestal stands with each seat provided with a loudspeaker concealed in the back of the bench and small loudspeakers provided in the galleries , enable members to speak from their seats without having to move up to the microphones .
The Automatic Vote Recording Equipment installed in the Lok Sabha Chamber enables the members to record their votes quickly in cases of division .
It has a seating capacity of 250 .
At the time of his birth in 1823 in the village of Marudur in South India , Ram Mohun Roy , at forty - nine , was active in Bengal , and was to found the Brahmo Samaj ( Spiritual Society ) five years later .
Devendranath Tagore , Roy ' s second successor to the Samaj , was six years old .
Dayananda Saraswati , who founded the Arya Samaj ( Pristine Society ) in Bombay in 1875 ( the year after Ramalinga ' s passing ) was born in the year following Ramalinga ' s birth .
Ramakrishna Paramahamsa was born in the village of Kamar - pukur in Bengal when Ramalinga was thirteen .
Madame Blavatsky and Colonel Olcott , in New York , in 1875 ( the year after Ramalinga ' s passing ) founded the Theosophical Society .
They moved to Bombay in 1879 , and thence to Madras in 1882 .
It was appropriate that the head - quarters of the Theosophical Society ( the founding of which Ramalinga had foretold in January 1874 , on the eve of his passing ) was finally established in Madras where Ramalinga had spent the first thirty - four of his fifty - one years .
Its principles were the same as those of the Theosophical Society founded in New York ten years later .
In presenting Ramalinga , poet and prophet , I shall discuss not only his life , but while not abdicating my rationality , also the legend in which it has been encased .
His father , Ramaiah Pillai , of Saiva faith and belonging to the Vellala community , was village accountant and teacher .
His mother , Chinnammai , belonged to Chinnakavanam in the vicinity of Penned , a village in Chengelpet District , near Madras .
Chinnammai was his sixth wife , and she bore him two sons , Sabapathy and Parasuraman , and two daughters , Unnamulai and Sundaram - bal .
It is even said that Siva Himself came in the garb of the ascetic , disappearing after walking a few steps from the house .
It is said that when he was five months old , his father took him to Chidambaram , and that Ramalinga , as a baby , had a vision of the ' secret ' of Chidambaram , where the vacant space , shown behind a screen that is drawn aside , symbolises the formless God .
They lived at 39 Veerasami Pillai Street , near Seven Wells , in the present postal zone 1 of Madras .
Of his early boyhood experiences the poet recalls , address -
When Ramalinga was five , his brother Sabapathy started teaching him .
But Ramalinga was indifferent and spent his time day - dreaming .
He used to play truant , wandering in the streets and sauntering in the corridors of the Kandaswamy Temple near - by , all through the day .
Unable to control him , Sabapathy Fillai put him in charge of a Tamil savant , Sabapathy Mudaliar of Kanchipuram , who had been his own teacher .
The savant proved equally ineffective .
Discoverign that his boy - pupil was already drawing audiences in the temple with his talks and songs , he gave up the task .
Losing patience , Sabapathy Pillai forbade his wife , Parvati , to feed or clothe Ramalinga .
Counselling him graciously , she prevailed upon him at last to please his brother and to take to his studies seriously .
He promised , requesting however that he might be provided with a room of his own on the second floor where he could pursue his studies on his own .
The request was granted .
The truant returned home , and much to the satisfaction of his brother , never left the house or even the room where he remained shut all through the day .
It was probably during these days that , dispossessed , he turned a juvenile ascetic for a while .
In a poem he recounts to his God :
and for this , O Lord my Mother ,
It is noteworthy that he addresses the Lord as Mother in this poem .
Maybe he was thinking of his sister - in - law Parvati who had acted the mother to him , giving him food and persuading him to return home .
This experience may also explain his pre - occupation with the problem of hunger in his later years .
It was enough for his brother that Ramalinga remained at home .
Ramalinga set a mirror against the wall , and set in front of it a naked flamea wick burning in oil .
Identifying the Common Universal Soul symbolically with the flame , and the mirror as one ' s self wherein the flame is reflected , one strives to make one ' s mind pure like an untarnished mirror , in order to have the Universal Soul reflected well within oneself .
He started composing songs even at this age , or perhaps earlier , as he himself says to his Lord :
It is stated ( and Ramalinga himself says so in a poem ) that , at the age of nine , he saw a vision of Lord Muruga of Thanihai in the mirror .
It was a series of thirty - one verses , of which the following is sung widely today in Tamil Nadu :
Substituting one day for the girl who used to read the religious texts from palm - leaf scripts for the discourses of Sabapathy , Ramalinga rendered them so soulfully that the audience thereafter insisted that only he should recite the hymns .
One day Sabapathy , who had a discourse scheduled in the house of a patron , named Somu Chettiar , was ill with fever .
The theme was the life of the hallowed saint - singer , Tirugnana Sambandar ( Sambandar of Inborn Wisdom ) , whom Ramalinga had made his ideal .
Without notes , without palm - leaf scripts , Ramalinga spoke .
This was the first talk that he , coming out of the loneliness of his closed room , gave .
Chief among these was a ripe , orthodox Saivite called Armuga Navalar .
Navalar felt that Ratnalinga ' s new religion of Sanmarga gave elbow room to other religions , particularly Christianity .
He started a controversy , describing Arut - pa ( Book of Grace ) as Marut - pa ( Book of Darkness ) , and brought out a tract called Refutation of the Book of False Grace .
He instituted a suit against Ramalinga for alleged defamation in a discourse that Ramalinga had delivered in Chidambaram .
When , on being called into the court , Ramalinga entered , the entire crowd that had gathered there stood up like one man , and made way for him .
Reference to this may be found in some of his verses quoted earlier .
People from distant places left their homes to be near him .
They invited him to functions and musical recitals in their houses .
They considered it a blessing to be of service to him .
He became a cult and a legend .
Some learned brahmins in the crowd queried , ' So Brahman cannot be conceived by the mind ? '
' No , since Brahman is beyond the phenomenal world ( mayo ) and the mind is of the phenomenal world . '
' Brahman can be known by soul - knowledge or soul - experience , ' said Ramalinga , ' and the soul knows itself .
The fact that one can experience Brahman in this way is shown by people who have worshipped idols and finally attained illumination , by people who have won super - human powers like curing diseases , raising the dead , and such others . '
Ramalinga says that such logic is right in theory but does not work in practice .
( State of Rajasthan v . Union of India , AIR 1977 SC 1361 ) .
the head is the President in whom all the executive power vests and in whose name it is to be exercised .
He is also the Supreme Commander of the armed forces .
It has been held , however , that unlike the U . S . President , our President is only a nominal or constitutional head of the executive .
as against the U . S . system of Presidential Government with separation of powers and a nearly irremovable President as the Chief Executive for a fixed term .
In the U . S . system , the President chooses his team of ministers from among the citizens at large and the ministers are not members of the legislature while in the Parliamentary System , the Ministers are from Parliament and remain part of it and responsible to its House of the People .
The Parliamentary System may be said to be laying greater stress on the concept of the responsibility of the executive while the Presidential system obviously promotes more the stability of the executive .
It would , however , be wrong to assert that we have adopted the British parliamentary system in toto .
To name a few ; the U . K . Constitution is still largely unitary , while ours is largely federal .
The Free Eating House he named Samarasa Veda Dharma Salai ( Free House of the Good Fellowship ) .
The same year he founded a school , Sanmarga Bhodini ( School for the Fellowship ) .
The school however did not run for long .
During this time Ramalinga also planned to bring out a monthly magazine called Sanmarga Viveka Vriddi ( Orientation to the Path ) .
AFTER THE OPENING OF THE FREE EATING HOUSE IN 1867 , Ramalinga shifted from Karunguzhi to Vadalur .
He drew a rough diagram of a temple as he had conceived it , octagonal in shape , and gave it to his disciples , with instructions to erect the temple .
The construction was started in June 1871 .
He did not call it Koil or temple .
He called it Sabhai meaning ' Hall ' or ' Assem - bly ' , the full name being Samarasa Suddha Sanmarga Satya Gnana Sabhai , or in shortened form , Satya Gnana Sabhai ( Hall of True Knowledge ) . He wanted to eschew anything with a religious connotation .
The whole temple was a splendour of symbolism .
Within it was a twelve - pillared hall , and within it again , a four - pillared hall which housed the symbol of the Supreme Light of Grace on the pedestal of Knowledge .
A consecrated mirror , about four feet in length , was placed to reflect the Light of Supreme Grace , as a model for soul - making .
Only for specific functions , like sweeping , cleaning and dusting , lighting the lamp , replenishing the oil , might one among the allotted few enter it .
Such were chosen as did not feed their flesh with flesh , would not kill , and had got over their lusts and passions ; their caste and creed were of no moment .
In one of what he calls ' Humble Supplications towards the true path ' ( Suddha Sanmarga Satya Chiru Vinnappam ) he prays :
Lord of all , Supreme Effulgent Grace !
Grant that henceforth our minds are not tainted with ritualistic and other aberrations of creeds and sects , cultural and other aberrations of castes and codes .
Let the awareness of the identity of the soul in all beings , which is the prime quest of the spiritual seeker , not forsake us at any time in any degree in any manner in any place .
This Sabhai , Hall of Knowledge in Truth , was renovated and reconsecrated by a re - dedicated people , headed by the venerable Kripananda Variaar on 24 April 1950 .
During this period Ramalinga wrote also what he calls Petitions to the Supreme Light in prose .
The circulars which he now and again issued to the Fellowship enunciate the tenets of the Path .
The Instructions to the House , dated 30 March 1871 , carries the following :
Should one ' s body break under the pressure of one ' s deeds and the impact of time , the body should not be burnt .
One must be confident in one ' s faith and in the full belief that the dead will rise .
One should not give way to grief and lamentation .
Should a man lose his wife , let him not think of mairying another .
Should one ' s sons die , let one not grieve .
Let the people who have suffered the loss gather together on a day and give free gift of food to whom they can .
. . . But what was it that actually raised me ?
. . . It was compassion which one may call grace .
. . . One attains that compassion by a sense of universal unity .
When you develop further , He will let you know more .
For a while , after me , none will be forthcoming to counsel you .
For that reason do not continue on the path of indifference .
One notes here , as in many of his poems , the single driving purpose of his lifethe regeneration and divinisation of man .
This is more discernible in some of his circulars to the Salai or Eating House , containing gentle , but explicit and firm remonstrances on their behaviour .
It is in the context of these that Ramalinga spoke sometimes to some of his disciples of the coming of people who would care , and with them , the Theosophical Society .
THE CLIMAX OF RAMALINGA ' S DISSATISFACTION WITH THE running of the Sabhai or Temple was reached in his deciding to close it down in 1873 .
Within six months of its opening he had issued , on 18 July 1872 , written instructions on the manner of running it .
He laid down that worshippers should worship only at the entrance , that people entering the Hall for cleaning it and lighting the lamp should be under twelve or over seventy - two years of age .
Closing the Sabhai , he kept the key with him in Siddhi Vilakam .
The temple remained closed until four years after his passing away when the fellows of the Brotherhood opened it again and recommenced worshipping there in 1878 .
After the closing of the Sabhai came the great sermon at Siddhi Vilakam on 22 October 1873 .
This marked the end of his outward activities .
As if in token of this , in the next month , November 1873 , he removed the lighted lamp from his room , and placed it outside .
He told his followers ( as has been recorded ) : ' Without hindrance you may worship here .
I shall be closing the door of my room .
For some time the Lord will shine in this flame .
They walked lound the room .
In Madras District Gazetteers South Arcot District ( 1906 : pages 316 - 317 ) appeared a brief account of Ramalinga ' s life , from which the following extracts are given :
Parvathipuiam : A village of 1,189 inhabitants , lying twenty - three miles south - west of Cuddalore on the Vndaachalam Road .
The place is connected with one Ramalinga Paradesi , a somewhat cuuous example of a latter - day saint who has been almost deified by his followers .
Ramalinga Paradesi seems to have pursuaded his disciples that they would rise again from the dead , and he consequently urged that burial was preferable to cremation .
Even brahmins are said to have been buried in this belief , and people who died in other villages were in several cases brought to Vadalur and interred there .
In 1874 he locked himself in a room ( still in existence ) in Mettukuppam ( hamlet of Karunguzhi ) which he used for samadhi or mystic meditation , and instructed his disciples not to open it for some time .
He resumed speech in the last days of January 1874 and reiterated his prophecies - hereinafter narrated .
On the 30th of that month , at Mettukuppam , we saw our master for the last time . . .
He left with a promise to reappear some day , but would give us no intimation as to the time , place , or circumstances .
Until then , however , he said that would be working not in India alone , but also in Europe and America and other countries . . .
' The real members of the Brotherhood are living far away , towards the North of India . . . The time is not far off when persons from Russia , America and other foreign lands will come and preach to you this same doctrine of Universal Brotherhood . . . '
This prophecy has , in my opinion , just been literally fulfilled .
It must be added that the veracity of Velayada Mudaliar ' s statement has been questioned by some scholars , particularly his mention of countries by name :
When , in answer to a direct challenge , the author of The Occult World wrote to the Bombay Gazette ( April 4 , 1882 ) , he began his letter with the following profession of faith : ' 1 was already sure , when I wrote The Occult World , that the Theosophical Society was connected , through Madame Blavatsky , with the great Brotherhood of Adepts I described .
In November 1875 the Theosophical Society was founded and it was not until 1878 that the correspondence began with friends in India , which resulted in the transfer of the Society ' s Headquarters to Bombay in February , 1879 .
From Bombay , the headquarters of the Society was shifted to Madras in 1882 . Author .
Religion ' but for the fact that the word ' religion ' , in his later years , was his expressly stated anathema , and he banished all religions from his teachings , retaining only their core , which he called ' true knowledge ' and which he realized as Supreme Light .
Likewise , the Upanishads declare that soul - realization is born of the knowledge of the soul ( atma - vidya ) .
Ramalinga ' s conception of the Supreme Light can be traced to the Gayatri of Rig Veda .
In 1867 Ramalinga met Sabapathy Sivacharya , a young man of nineteen , at Chidambaram .
The mantra from Rig Veda , called Gayatri or Surya Gayatri , has two levels of meaning , the first serving to clarify the second , which is the real purport of the mantra :
whom the intellect does not know , whose body the intellect is , and who rules the intellect within , he is your Self , the Ruler within , the immortal .
( Tr : Max Muller ) The same thought is expressed pithily in Taittiriya Upani - shad ( III , 10 - 14 ) :
He who dwells in man , and He who dwells in the sun are one .
The Gayatri Mantra takes further significance from the following verse from Isavasyopanishad ( verse 16 ) :
One is enjoined to meditate on the Gayatri and on the Self as the Light within and the Light without , in order to purify and elevate one ' s thoughts .
To develop the power to behold God , and so to say , to contain God , Ramalinga , in his early years , used the device of a mirror reflecting a flame to meditate upon .
Within the limits of my knowledge , I do not know of any saint or prophet who is as great a poet as Ramalinga .
The testimony to the presence of the ' unbodied joy ' of poetry in his hymns and songs is that even people who may not care for the utterances of saints , and are not in sympathy with the endeavours or quests of saints , who are antipathetic to the direction and pattern of the thoughts , ideas and images of saints , can enjoy Ramalinga ' s poems as poetry .
Such is the magic of his words , the enchantment of his utterance .
Effortless and spontaneous , with soaring lyrical power and trembling sensitivity , an intensity in which are fused humanity and spirituality , exploring the flux of thought and feeling passing through him , with never a wavering line or word , his poems can be read in their purely human context .
What Louis Untermayer said of Tennyson may well and truly be said of Ramalinga , that ' few poets have had a finer ear for the delicate nuances of sound , and still fewer have surpassed his undulating ease , his limpid lyricism and sometimes matchless music . '
Ramalinga was a pioneer in modern Tamil poetry , antedating Subramanya Bharati ( 1882 - 1921 ) , the celebrated patriot - poet , who clearly is the legatee of Ramalinga .
The saint is altogether of a different and more spacious mould .
R . S . Desikan , Tamil scholar and critic , writes ( in Tamil , translated here by the present writer ) : ' The Tamil world can never forget the great Ramalinga who fashioned new metres and new music in Tamil .
In the U . S . Constitution , the fundamental rights were expressed in absolute terms .
For , the rights of each individual are limited at least by similar rights of other individuals .
The Supreme Court of the United States had to find out and identity the legitimate restrictions on fundamental rights .
Our founding fathers , however , decided to incorporate the restrictions within the relevant provisions themselves .
Thus , our Constitution presents a balance between the rights of the individual on the one hand and the interests of society and the needs of the security of the State on the other .
Directive Principles The Directive Principles of State Policy inspired by the Irish precedent , are a unique feature of our Constitution .
Most of the socio - economic rights of the people have been included under this head .
Even though said to be not enforceable in courts of law , these principles are expected to guide the governance of the country .
They are in the nature of ideals set by the founding fathers before the State and all the organs of the State must strive to achieve them .
To cross the seas in those days was for the Hindu much more than a mere adventurous voyage .
It meant a revolutionary act of defiance against society , for there was a taboo against sea - voyage and severe penalties were prescribed for the culprits .
Dwarkanath went to England twice , in 1842 and again in 1844 .
The well - known orientalist , Friedrich Max Miiller , was then a young student in Paris , studying the Rig Veda under Prof . Burnouf .
In his Autobiography Max Miiller has borne testimony to the vivid impression left on his mind by his chance encounter with the lively and versatile personality of Dwarkanath in Paris , and has described the splendid party given by Dwarkanath to Louis Philippe of France when the room was hung with Kashmir shawls , afterwards distributed among the most distinguished guests .
Dwarkanath did not return home from his second visit to Europe .
Like his friend and senior contemporary Raja Rammohun Roy who had died in Bristel , thirteen years earlier , Dwarkanath died , away from his home , in London on 1st August 1846 , at the age of fifty - two .
In a full column obituary notice in its issue of August 3 , 1846 , The Times ( London ) said : " Perhaps there is no individual in India , be his rank or position what it may , who has more largely patronized the advancement and fortunes of the many around him , and we believe there are not a few now in India and England who owe entirely to Dwarkanath Tagore the blessing of their present success and independence . "
He left behind three sons of whom the eldest was Debendra - nath , father of the poet .
In his own way Debendranath was even more remarkable than his fabulous father .
As the father had come to be known popularly as Prince , the son came to be known as the Maharshi , for he was both saint and sage .
Though born of Dwarkanath he was truly the moral heir and spiritual successor to Raja Rammohun Roy whose mission he continued and made fruitful .
His personality left a deep impact on the intellectual development of Rabindranath .
Born in 1817 Debendranath was brought up in circumstances of increasing luxury which reached its peak when he attained his youth .
The pampered darling of a wealthy father and a doting mother and a still more doting grandmother , he grew up as a wilful young man and for some time gave himself up to a life of luxury .
But not for long , for the crisis came early and suddenly , when he was only eighteen .
His grandmother was on death - bed and had to be removed to a tiled shed on the bank of the gauges , for to die near the holy river was what every pious Hindu desired .
For three nights the grandmother lingered on , during which Debendranath was with her almost all the time , spending lonely , weird hours of the dark in the imminent presence of death .
On the night before her death , as he was sitting alone by the river he was suddenly seized by an intense spiritual elation and he lost his normal consciousness .
Out of curiosity I picked it up but found 1 could understand nothing of what was written on it . "
He sent for a well - known Sanskrit scholar , who identified the text as the first verse of the Isopanishad and explained its meaning : " All this whatever moves in this moving world , is enveloped by God .
Therefore find your enjoyment in renunciation ; do not covet what belongs to others . "
This came as a revelation to the young devotee groping in the dark .
" My faith in God took deep root ; in lieu of worldly pleasures I tasted divine joy . . .
When I had thoroughly entered into the Upanishads , and when my intellect began to be daily illumined by the gift of truth , I felt a strong desire to spread the true religion . "
And so on the very day of the year 1839 when the Hindus of Bengal celebrate the annual festival of the goddess Durga , Debendranath called his friends and followers together and formally inaugurated a purely theistic association , dedicated to the worship of a universal and formless Divinity that informs all life and being , in accordance with the teaching of the Upanishads .
This faith , at once old and new , was a challenge to the current Hindu dogma and ritual which centred round the worship of a deity ' s image .
Indeed , even as Debendranath was invoking the new faith gongs and cymbals were sounding in his own family mansion where the worship of the goddess Durga was in full swing .
Raja Rammohun Roy had founded in 1825 the Brahma Sabha as a meeting place for all people , irrespective of caste or race , for the worship of One True God , without the use of any images or symbols or any sectarian ritual . But the movement had languished until this young intrepid mystic , with the sure instinct of a religious reformer , amalgamated in 1843 his new - born Sabha with the older organisation and renaming it Brahma Samaj turned the meeting place into a movement and what was little more than an intellectual club into a vigorous centre of a dynamic faith .
This crisis showed the mettle the son was made of .
He called the creditors together , placed all the cards before them and announced that though in law the creditors " had no rights over the trust property , he and his brothers voluntarily renounced their claims to the benefit of the trust until the last rupee of the liabilities had been paid .
I wanted to renounce the world and the world left me of its own accord .
What a singular coincidence ! "
It took him many years of judicious management and frugal living to pay off all the compounded debts .
Not only he succeeded in paying off the debts with interest , but he even made good all the charities and donations which the Prince had hastily and too generously promjsed before he left for England .
The Maharshi travelled widely in India in those days when journeying was full of hazards and was a real adventure .
The teacher enjoyed her burden and the pupil was entranced with so lovely a teacher .
How much he learnt during the two months he stayed there we do not know , but there grew up between the teacher and pupil a tender and innocent intimacy which left a permanent impress on his memory .
Not having any store of book learning to offer her , I took the first opportunity to tell her that I could write poetry .
When I told her of my poetical gift , she did not receive it in any carping or dubious spirit , but accepted it without question .
She asked the poet to give her a special name , and I chose one for her which she thought very beautiful .
I wanted that name to be entwined with the music of my verse , and I enshrined it in a poem which I made for her .
She listened as I sang it in the Bhairavi mode of early dawn , and then said , ' Poet , I think that even if I were on my death - bed your songs would call me back to life . '
There is an example of how well girls know How to show their appreciation by some pleasant exaggeration .
His heart was heavy as the ship moved , for Bombay had been sweet in the company of his charming young teacher .
Back at home in Calcutta was his sister - in - law whose thought was as much a stimulus as a nostalgia , interwoven with joy and pain .
He was leaving behind all that had enriched his life so far .
Fortunately the letters he wrote home have survived , a vivid record of the first impressions of his youthful mind , with all the swagger of immature sophistication characteristic of that age .
He regretted later that he ever wrote them .
Nevertheless , these letters , apart from their shrewd observations on English life and manners in the seventies of the last century , have considerable literary merit arid are historically significant as early specimens of literary prose in Bengali written in the colloquial style .
If they seemed " youthful bravado " to the author in his mature age , it was because he had outgrown the temper of youth which makes cheekiness so delightful and disarming .
These letters first appeared in Bharati and were later published as Yurop - Pravasir Patrg , ( Letters of a Visitor to Europe ) .
" A Turkish bath is like having one ' s body laundered by a dhobi . "
His brother ' s family were in Brighton and there he was happy and felt at home .
" The first thing the Headmaster said after scanning my features was : " What a splendid head you have ! "
In Brighton he had not only children to play with at home , but had interesting social life in the evenings , for his brother and his wife had many friends and received many invitations to dinners and balls .
This admiration was freely expressed in his letters written home and caused a flutter among the elders who began to wonder if it was wise to let this impetuous boy loose in England after his elder brother returned home .
So a peremptory order went from India that Rabindra was to cut short his studies and return with his brother .
" The light of my country , the sky of my country , had been silently calling me . "
This was no doubt true , for from the point of view of his creative expression , his stay abroad had been comparatively barren and he must at times have longed for the stimulus which had released and fed his powers at home .
On the other hand , it must have been a painful wrench to break away from the new and sweet attachments he had formed abroad .
" Mrs Scott took me by the hand and wept .
' Why did you come to us , she said , ' if you must go so soon ? "
His friend and companion since boyhood is a girl called Murala who is deeply in love with him .
I want nothing , and yet I keep on longing for what ?
Whence this wound when no one ever hurt me ? "
He sees a beautiful and wayward girl and thinks he is in love with her .
disapointed poet wanders away .
When he returns and finds Murala on her death - bed he realises that it is she he has always loved .
He had . discovered his form and could write as he pleased , unfettered by any examples of the past .
" At last , " said his heart , " what I write is my own . "
He poured himself out , and " as the stream does not flow straight on but winds about as it lists , so did my verse .
Before , I would have held this to be a crime but now I felt no compunction .
Freedom first breaks the law and then makes laws which bring it , under true self - rule . "
The public reception was gratifying .
It was obvious that a new star had arisen .
Some of the titles are expressive enough : " Suicide of a Star " , " Hopelessness of Hope " , " The Wail of Happiness " , " Invitation to Sorrow " , " Unbearable Love " , etc .
By the time the ship reached Madras he had made up his mind to return home but lacked the courage to face the formidable Maharshi alone . So he persuaded his young uncle to give him the necessary moral courage by sharing the ignominy of faint - hearted retreat .
The uncle seems to have readily complied whether wholly out of altruism or because he too had left his heart behind , he has not told us .
" I went to him in fear and trembling .
He must have seen in this return of mine the blessing of divine providence . "
From Mussoorie he went to where his brother jyotirindra nath and his wife were staying in a villa on the Ganges at Chandernagore .
There he spent some very happy days " those ineffable days and nights , languid with joy , and with longing . "
It was a big , rambling house with terraces and stone steps leading to the bank of the river .
It was here that Rabindranath first felt the spell of Bengal ' s river life which was later to grow into so potent an influence on his writings .
Nothing in the outside world seemed trivial any more .
" The invisible screen of the commonplace was removed from all things and all men , and their ultimate significance was intensified in my mind . "
It was a prolonged experience transporting him to a different plane of awareness where he saw and heard everything not only with his eyes and ears but with his entire being .
And it seemed an endless wonder .
The experience lasted four days during which he lived at a heightened level of spiritual exaltation when everything seemed more vivid , more real , more beautiful and more gladsome .
At the end of the fourth day this state of extraordinary elation passed away and with it Rabindra had crossed over what he later described as the " borderland age " where the direct rays of truth hardly ever penetrate , where shadows chase one another .
ON the very day of this remarkable experience Rabindranath wrote the famous poem Nirjharer Svapnabhanga ( The Fountain Awakes ) which maybe said to mark symbolically the beginning of his adult career as a poet .
As he put it , the poem " gushed forth and coursed on like a veritable cascade . "
Suddenly the sun ' s rays penetrated the frozen gloom , , melting the snow .
So he accompanied his brother and sister - in - law to Darjeeling which commands the view of the magnificent Kinchinjunga peak , the next highest to Mt .
" But the victory was with that little house in Sudder Street .
Where then was the beauty that had so recently ravished his heart ?
What was its secret ?
This poem , like several others he was to write later is tantalisingly abstruse and critics have not ceased to wrangle over its exact import .
When it was first published two friends of the author laid a wager as to its real meaning .
" My only consolation was that , as I was equally unable to explain the enigma to them when they came to me for a solution , neither of them had to lose any money over it . "
Commenting on this academic itch to understand everything cerebrally , the author wrote in his Reminiscences : " But does one write poetry to explain any matter ?
So when , after listening to a poem , any one says he has not understood , I feel nonplussed . If ' some one smells a flower and says he does not understand , the reply to him is : there is nothing to understand , it is only a scent . . . That words have meaning is just the difficulty .
Siva opens his third dread eye and the suns and the moons and the stars are shattered into bits and everything is reduced to nothingness in the cosmic funeral pyre .
Once again the Great Emptiness rolls over and Brahma ' s eyes are closed in meditation .
In the summer of 1883 the two brothers and Kadambari Devi shifted to Karwar on the south - western sea - coast of India , the fragrant land of cardamom and sandal wood .
The elder brother Satyendranath had been posted there as District Judge and here Rabindranath spent some very happy and ' carefree days , in the company - of those he loved most , including the two children of Satyendranath , his playmates of Brighton days .
A Sanyasi has shut himself up in a cave to attain mastery over his self and to transcend limitations of nature . The drama opens with the Ascetic standing outside his cave and announcing his liberation in a magnificent soliloquy of seventy - five lines , a fierce indictment of life and its seductions .
" I have tasted the bliss which is Lord Siva ' s when he wipes away the unclean stain of creation from the void of eternity and sits entranced in his own invincibility . "
But already the fates were laying a snare for him and the days of irresponsible and overflowing happiness were numbered .
His brother Jyptirindranath was getting more and more involved in the meshes of his quixotic business enterprises and was no longer able to look after the family estates .
The Maharshi , aloof and remote but alert and watchful like unseen Providence , decided that it was time his youngest son was properly yoked to the family chariot .
If the Maharshi could himself attend to both God and the world , there was no reason why his son should not attend to both poetry and the family estates .
But before he could do so the wild horse must be properly broken and harnessed .
And so a silent edict was issued that the family must look for a suitable bride for the young man .
In accordance with the prevailing custom , the ladies of the family took upon themselves the responsibility of selecting a bride for the youngest son of the family . But they were not free to select whom they liked .
The Maharshi , progressive in religious matters , was conservative in the observance of social forms .
The choice was necessarily limited to a few families belonging to the same Pirali sub - caste in the small provincial town of jessore .
The bride thus selected was the eleven - year old daughter of one Benimadhav Raichaudhury who happened to be an employee in the Tagore estate .
Before the Forty - second Amendment , the only mention of the word ' secular ' in the Constitution was in article 25 ( 2 ) wherein State had been empowered to regulate or restrict any ' secular activity ' associated with religious practice .
Obviously , here the connotation of ' secular ' was ' non - religious ' or pertaining to matters other than purely religious .
The Forty - second Constitutional Amendment Act which added the word secular did not attempt to define it .
It was , however , felt that the addition had the effect only of affirming and clarifying what was believed to be already present as a basic feature of the Constitution .
The founding fathers tried to provide for the fullest representation by enfranchising all the vast adult population of the country without any literacy , property , income tax , or sex criteria .
There is no hereditary ruler and the head of the State is elected by the people for a fixed term .
He is usually called the President of the Republic .
a republican form of government is Democratic republic may , therefore , broadly mean a State with an elected head and a government by the representatives of the people .
All citizens are equal in the eyes of law , there is no privileged class and all public offices are open to every citizen without any distinction of race , caste , sex or creed .
Membership of the Commonwealth : Even though after Independence , India decided to remain a member of the Commonwealth of Nations , it did not in any way compromise her position or imply any diminution of her status as a sovereign nation or as a Republic .
In fact , it was the Commonwealth which was transformed .
In this positive connotation , liberty would mean freedom of the individual to do what one likes .
The liberty of thought , expression , belief , faith and worship as elaborated in the fundamental rights part of the Constitution has to be so regulated as not to endanger the security of the State , public interest etc .
Leaders of the French Revolution believed that all men were equal in the eyes of law .
Whether it protected or punished , it must do so without any regard to distinction of birth etc .
Also , all citizens were equally eligible to all public offices , honours and positions strictly according to their capacities , virtues and talents only .
' Equality ' in political science terms does not mean that all men ( and women ) are equal in all circumstances .
There are bound to be physical , mental and economic differences .
Finally , the reorganization of States under the Constitution ( Seventh Amendment ) Act , 1956 abolished the distinction between Part A and Part B States .
Subsequently , several new States were formed , e . g . Haryana , Himachal Pradesh , Nagaland , Manipur , Mizoram , Arunachal Pradesh , Goa .
Union Territories : ( 1 ) Andaman and Nicobar Islands , ( 2 ) Chandigarh , ( 3 ) Dadra and Nagar Haveli , ( 4 ) Daman and Diu , ( 5 ) Delhi ( now named the National Capital Territory ) , ( 6 ) Lakshadweep , ( 7 ) Pondicherry .
While ' Bharat ' was the ancient name and represented the first expression of the consciousness of the unity and identity of the country , India was the modern name by which the country had since become known all over the world .
As a member of the United Nations also the name was India and all international agreements were entered in that name .
Both the names , therefore , had strong votaries .
Finally , the name ' India , that is Bharat ' was adopted as a happy compromise .
The emphasis on India being a ' Union ' was to convey the fact that it was not the result of a compact or agreement between the constituent units but a forthright declaration by the Constituent Assembly which derived its power and authority from the sovereign people of India .
No State could , therefore secede from the Union nor could it suo motu vary its territory as laid down in the First Schedule to the Constitution .
Article 2 provides that Parliament may by law admit new States into the Union of India or establish new States on such terms and conditions as it deems fit .
The latest addition was that of the State of Sikkim by the 35th and 36th Constitutional Amendments in 1974 and 1975 .
This was done at the request of the Sikkim Assembly and on approval of the people of Sikkim through a referendum .
The Parliament is empowered under article 3 to form a new State by separating a part of the territory of a State or by uniting two or more States or parts of States or by uniting any territory to a part of any State .
It can increase or decrease the area of any State and can also alter the boundaries or even the name of any State .
There is thus no guarantee of the territorial integrity or continued existence of any State .
But , at the same time , it has been held that the Parliament ' s power to diminish the area of any State does not cover cession of Indian territory to a foreign State .
( In re Berubari Union and Exchange of Enclaves , AIR 1950 SC 845 , 857 ) .
It has , therefore , been aptly said that India is an indestructible Union of destructible States .
It involves the individual ' s full political membership in the State , his permanent allegiance to the State and the official recognition by the State of his integration into the political system .
Citizenship brings certain rights , duties , privileges and obligations .
All public offices are open to a citizen .
The right to vote and certain fundamental rights are available only to citizens and citizens have obligations like paying taxes , defending the nation etc .
Citizenship may also be viewed as the legal relationship between the individual and the State under which the individual pledges his loyalty to the State and the State offers its protection to the individual .
This relationship is regulated by national law and recognized by international law .
26 November 1949 the Constituent Assembly adopted the Constitution and at once brought into force articles 5 to 9 relating to citizenship .
Until then , those of us who lived in British India were under the Crown and as such British subjects .
The partition of India and massive migrations created stupendous problems for citizenship determination .
Citizenship provisions in the Constitution - articles 5 to 11 - gave the Constitution Drafting Committee the maximum headache and took a large number of drafts and more than two years to be finalized .
Even then , the Constitution only laid down the law in regard to who would be citizens of India at the time of the commencement of the Constitution .
It did not provide for the mode of acquisition and termination of citizenship .
Article 11 said that Parliament could regulate the right of citizenship by law .
Articles 5 - 8 conferred citizenship on ' every person ' who was covered under one of the following categories at the time of the commencement of the Constitution : 1 . domiciled in India and born in India - these formed the bulk of the population of the Union of India ; 2 . domiciled , not born in India but either of whose parents was born in India ; 3 . domiciled , not born in India but ordinarily resident for more than five years ; 4 . resident in India but migrated to Pakistan after 1March 1947 and later returned to India on resettlement permit ; 5 . resident in Pakistan but who migrated to India before 19 July 1948 or who came after that date but had resided in India for more than six months and got registered in the prescribed manner ; 6 . resident outside India but who or either of whose parents or grand parents were born in India .
Thus , Citizenship at the commencement of the Constitution included provisions for Citizenship ( i ) by domicile ( ii ) of migrants from and to Pakistan , and ( iii ) of Indians residing in foreign countries .
Domicile : Domicile is an important criterion for citizenship of any country .
Raza v . State of Bombay , AIR 1966 SC 1436 ) .
Article 5 provides that a person becomes entitled to the Citizenship of India if , at the commencement of the Constitution , he has his domicile in the territory of India , he or either of his parents were born in India , or he has been ordinarily resident in the territory of India for not less than five years immediately before the commencement of the Constitution .
Domicile by birth or residence as a foresaid can be changed by a person .
In fact , citizenship is denoted by domicile and not vice - versa .
The latter is distinguishable from citizenship inasmuch as it is vitally connected with territory and not membership of the community which is at the root of the notion of citizenship ( Abdul Rehman v . State , AIR 1964 Pat .
The Constitution avoids dual citizenship ; there is one citizenship related to the domicile in the territory of whole of India and not in a part of it .
There is no separate State citizenship as in the U . S . A .
The domicile which he has is only one domicile , namely , domicile in the territory of India .
( Pradeep Jain v . Union of India , AIR 1984 SC 1420 , 1984 3 SCC 654 ) .
Migrants from Pakistan : Article 6 provides for citizenship rights of migrants from Pakistan before the commencement of the Constitution .
It makes two types of distinctions among such migrants , i . e . those migrating to India before July 19 , 1948 when the permit system for migration was introduced and those who came after that date .
A person who migrated from Pakistan to India before July 19 , 1948 , shall be deemed to be a citizen of India on the commencement of the Constitution provided he or either of his parents or any of his grandparents was born in India as defined in the Government of India Act , 1935 and he had been ordinarily residing in India since the date of his migration .
Thus article 8 takes care of the future citizenship needs of all Indians residing abroad .
Voluntary acquisition of citizenship of another country : Article 9 provides that if a person has voluntarily acquired the citizenship of a foreign State he shall forfeit the right of citizenship of India .
While this was applicable to cases arising before the commencement of the Constitution , the cases arising after such commencement were to be dealt with in accordance with the provisions of the Citizenship Act , 1955 .
It has been held by the Supreme Court that the question whether a person has lost the citizenship of India on acquiring the citizenship of another country has to be determined by the Government of India and only after it has decided the matter can a State Government deal with him as an alien .
( Kulathi Mammu v . State of Kerala , AIR 1966 SC 1614 , 1617 ; State of U . P . v . Rehmatullah ( 1971 ) 2 SCC 113 , 118 , AIR 1971 SC 1382 ; Government of Andhra Pradesh v . Syed Mohammad , AIR 1962 SC 1778 ; State of U . P . v . Roshan , ( 1969 ) 2 SCWR 232 ; State of Gujarat v . Ibrahim , AIR 1974 SC 645 ; Ayub Khan v . Commissioner of Police , ( 1965 ) 2 SCR 884 ; Moinuddin v . Government of India ( 1967 ) 2 SCR 401 ; Akbar v . Union of India , AIR 1962 SC 70 ; State of M . P . v . Peer Mohammad , AIR 1963 SC 645 ; Izhar Ahmed v . Union of India , AIR 1962 SC 1052 ; Anwar v . State of JK ( 1971 ) 3 SCC 104 ) .
Continuance of Citizenship rights : Article 10 provides that every person who is or is deemed to be a citizen of India under any of - the provisions in articles 5 to 10 shall continue to be a citizen of India , subject to the provisions of any law that may be made by Parliament .
In other words , it means that the right of citizenship cannot be taken away from a citizen except through express parliamentary legislation .
( Ebrahim Wazir v . State of Bombay , AIR 1954 SC 229 ) .
The term ' every person ' used in articles 5 and 10 has been interpreted to cover persons who may be in jail under trial or who may be undergoing imprisonment .
( State of Maharashtra v . Prabhakar , AIR 1966 SC 424 ; Sunil Batra v . Delhi Administration , AIR 1978 SC 1675 ) .
For some time , there were sharp differences on whether corporations were also covered as legal persons .
The Citizenship Act , however made it clear that corporations were not citizens .
( State Trading Corporation v . Commercial Tax Officer , ( 1964 ) 4 SCR 99 ; Tata Engineering and Locomotive Co .
v . Bihar ( 1964 ) 6 SCR 885 ) .
Parliament ' s power to regulate right of Citizenship by law and the Citizenship Act , 1955 : Article 11 endows Parliament with unfettered powers for enacting legislation pertaining to the acquisition and termination of the citizenship of India and all matters connected therewith .
Parliament accordingly passed the Citizenship Act , 1955 providing for the acquisition and termination of citizenship .
Thus , all matters relating to the citizenship rights , after the commencement of the Constitution are to be dealt with in accordance with its provisions .
This Act was amended in 1986 to tackle the situation created by the large - scale unlawful immigration into India of persons from Bangladesh , Sri Lanka and some African countries .
The amendment made the acquisition of Indian citizenship more stringent .
Equality of Opportunity in Public Employment Under clauses ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) of article 16 , all citizens of India are guaranteed equality of opportunity in matters relating to employment or appointment to any office under the State and no citizen can be discriminated against or be ineligible for any employment or office under the State on grounds only of religion , race , caste , sex , descent , place of birth or residence .
The subsequent clauses ( 3 ) , ( 4 ) and ( 5 ) however provide for three exceptional situations when departures can be made from the general rule of equality of opportunity .
By virtue of this power , Parliament passed the Public Employment ( Requirement as to residence ) Act , 1957 .
The Act , however , made an exception in the case of Himachal Pradesh , Manipur , Tripura and the Telengana Area of Andhra Pradesh where residential qualifications were prescribed for a limited period not exceeding five years on grounds of the backwardness of the areas .
In Narasimha Rao v . Andhra Pradesh ( AIR 1970 SC 422 ) , however , the Supreme Court declared part of the Act unconstitutional expressing the view that Parliament could impose a residential qualification in the whole State and not a part of it .
The only condition for the exercise of the powers conferred by article 16 ( 4 ) is that the State must be satisfied that any backward class of citizens is not adequately represented in the services .
And , this condition may refer not only to the numerical inadequacy of representation in the services but also the qualitative one .
In other words , the powers could be exercised not only to provide for reservation of appointments but also to provide for representation in selection posts as well as posts filled by promotion .
The very first and the most fundamental application of their sovereignty by the people is in giving to themselves a constitution which outlines the ground rules under which certain powers are transferred to different organs of the state and are to be exercised by them .
In a federal polity , constitution , inter alia , delineates , delimits and distributes powers between the organs of the state at federal or union level on the one hand and those at the level of the states , provinces or the units on the other .
The Constitution of a country may also be described as its foundational law which ordains the fundamentals of its polity and on the alter of which all other laws and executive acts of the state are to be tested for their validity and legitimacy .
Constitution is a living organism of functioning institutions .
It keeps constantly growing , evolving .
Every constitution gets meaning and content only from the manner in which and the people by whom it is operated , the effects it acquires from how it is interpreted by courts of the land and the conventions and practices that grow around it in the actual process of its working .
Constitutional Law Constitutional law would normally cover and connote the fundamental law of the land as contained in the provisions of the constitution .
More particularly , it is concerned with the basic features of the framework of the distribution of powers between the organs of the state and between the union and the units .
Friendly relations with foreign countries : This ground for imposing restrictions on freedom of speech and expression was brought in by the Constitution ( First Amendment ) Act , 1951 with a view to avoiding embarrassment to India through persistent and malicious propaganda .
The ground , however has been criticized for being susceptible of supporting regulation curbing even criticism of the Government ' s foreign policy .
( Ranjit Udeshi v . Maharashtra , AIR 1965 SC 881 ) .
Articles 129 and 215 of the Constitution empower the Supreme Court and the High Courts respectively to punish for their respective contempt .
393 ) .
Prohibition against self - incrimination : Under the can - ons of common law criminal jurisprudence , a person is presumed to be innocent ; the prosecution must establish his guilt .
Secondly , a person accused of an offence need not make any statement against his will .
Clause 3 of article 20 , however only gives a privilege to the accused person which may be waived by him if he so likes .
The immunity granted to the accused does not extend to compulsory production of material objects or compulsion to give specimen writing , specimen signature , finger impression or compulsory exhibition of the body or giving of blood specimens ( See Destogir v . State of Madras , AIR 1960 SC 756 ) .
Also , compulsion for production of documents is prohibited only if the documents convey the personal knowledge of the accused relating to the charge ( State of Bombay v . Kathi Kolu , AIR 1961 SC 1808 , 1816 ) .
Sharma v . Satish , 1954 SC 300 , 306 ) .
S . Kuttan Filial v . Ram Krishan , AIR 1980 SC 185 ) .
Protection of Life and Personal Liberty Article 21 of the Constitution guarantees that no person shall be deprived of his life or personal liberty .
This right is available to the citizens as well as non - citizens .
In the famous Gopalan case , ' personal liberty ' was held to mean only liberty relating to or concerning the person or body of the individual .
Also , it covered protection only against arbitrary executive action ( A . K . Gopalan v . State of Madras , AIR 1950 SC 27 ) .
Freedom of Conscience and Religion Article 25 lays down that all persons - not only citizens - are equally entitled to freedom of conscience and the right to freely profess , practice and propagate religion .
Freedom Not to Attend Religions Instruction Article 28 forbids totally any religious instruction being imparted in educational institutions wholly maintained by State funds .
However , modern constitutional law , specially in free representative democracies , lays the greatest emphasis on fundamental human rights and the relationship between the individual citizens and the state .
Also , the sources of constitutional law include not only the text of the constitution but also constitutional case law , conventions and a number of statutes enacted under certain constitutional provisions .
Constitutionalism The concept of constitutionalism is that of a polity governed by or under a constitution that ordains essentially limited government and rule of law .
Now , it may be that in the process of dynamic movement certain existing relationships are altered , varied or affected .
In fact , they are meant to affect those settled relationships and yet if you come back to the Fundamental Rights they are meant to preserve , not indirectly , certain settled relationships .
But there is that slight difficulty and naturally when the courts of the land have to consider these matters they have to lay stress more on the Fundamental Rights than on the Directive Principles of State Policy .
Again , while speaking on the Constitution Fourth Amendment in the Lok Sabha , Nehru declared that the responsibility for the economic and social welfare policies of the nation should lie with Parliament and not with the courts .
It is a fallacy to think that under our Constitution there are only rights and no duties .
The provisions therein are deliberately made elastic because the duties to be imposed on the citizens depend on the extent to which the directive principles are implemented .
Population for this purpose means the population as ascertained at the 1971 census .
There was to be no change in the number of seats in Lok Sabha until the year 2000 ( article 81 ( 3 ) ) .
Seats are reserved for the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes in Lok Sabha Statewise on the basis of population ratios .
Originally , the reservation was for ten years but it is being extended every time for the next ten years ( articles 330 and 334 ) .
The raison d ' etre of representative democracy is that the government should obtain the mandate of the people periodically in order to continue in office legitimately .
The term of the House in India is five years from the date appointed for its first meeting .
The expiration of the period of five years operates as its dissolution .
The House may be dissolved before the expiration of its full term under certain circumstances .
When a Proclamation of Emergency is in force , the term of Lok Sabha can be extended by Parliament for a period not exceeding one year at a time and not exceeding in any case a period of six months after the Proclamation has ceased to operate ( art .
The oath / affirmation is a prerequisite for every member taking his seat in either House ( article 99 and 3rd Schedule ) .
Salary and Allowances : Members of both the Houses are entitled to salaries and allowances as may be determined by Parliament by law from time to time ( article 106 ) .
It would be seen that there is no separate mention of pensions in the provision .
Parliament has , however sanctioned to Members a pension under the Members of Parliament ( Salaries , Allowances and Pension ) Act .
A Bill passed by the two Houses during the ninth Lok Sabha period inter alia provided for a pension after only a year ' s service as a member .
This , however , was not assented to by the President .
Officers of the Houses The Constitution provides for a Speaker and a Deputy Speaker for the Lok Sabha and a Chairman and a Deputy Chairman for the Rajya Sabha .
The Vice - President of India is the ex - officio Chairman of Rajya Sabha .
A Deputy Chairman is chosen by the House from among its own members .
A similar provision exists for the Deputy Chairman Rajya Sabha in article 90 .
Irrespective of the dissolution of the House , the Speaker , however , continues in office until immediately before the first sitting of the new House ( article 94 , proviso 2 ) .
Sessions of Parliament
It is for the President to summon each House of Parliament from time to time .
But article 85 ( 1 ) provides that six months must not intervene between two sessions .
In the case of the Rajya Sabha , however , the Budget Session is split up into two sessions with a three to four week break in between so that it has four sessions in a year .
He may return a Bill , if it is not a Money Bill , to the Houses for reconsideration .
If the Bill is passed again with or without any amendments and presented to President for assent , he shall not withhold assent ( article 111 ) .
This is presumably what President Zail Singh did in case of the Postal Bill and President Venkataraman did in case of the Bill seeking to give pension to Members of Parliament after just one year ' s service .
Procedure in Financial Matters The Budget : The President is required to cause to be laid before both Houses of Parliament in respect of each financial year a statement of the estimated receipts and expenditure of the Government .
This is termed the annual financial statement or the budget .
Estimates and Demands for Grants : Estimates relating to expenditure charged on the Consolidated Fund are not submitted to the vote of Parliament but discussion there on is not barred .
In its legal sense it means an exemption from some duty , burden , attendance or liability to which others are subject .
The privileges are granted with a view to maintaining the independence of action and the dignity of the position of the Houses of Parliament , their committees and members and to enable them to function without any let or hindrance .
The privileges , in practice , give rise to certain powers , immunities and exemptions .
The most important of parliamentary privileges is that of freedom of speech while performing parliamentary duties .
Article 19 also gives a citizen the right of free speech but articles 105 and 194 lay special emphasis on the right of free speech of members of the legislatures .
Under article 19 , the right of free speech is subject to reasonable restrictions , for instance , the law of libel .
In doing this , members should not suffer any inhibition and they should be able to speak out their mind and express their views freely .
Unless whatever a member says enjoys immunity from legal action , he cannot be expected to speak freely and frankly .
The Constitution provides , therefore , that no action can be taken against a member of Parliament in any court or before any authority other than Parliament in respect of anything said or a vote given by him in Houses of Parliament or any Committee thereof .
It is a breach of privilege to molest a member or to take any action against him on account of anything said by him in Parliament or a Committee thereof .
It has been held by the Supreme Court in the Searchlight case that the freedom of speech conferred on members under article 105 is subject only to those provisions of the Constitution which regulate the procedure of Parliament and to the rules and standing orders of the House , but is free from any restrictions which may be imposed by any law made under article 19 ( 2 ) upon the freedom of speech of an ordinary citizen .
outside Parliament in respect of anything said or done by members in the discharge of their parliamentary duties would amount to a serious interference with the members ' rights .
The Chief Justice of a High Court may , with the consent of the President , appoint a retired judge to sit and act as a judge ( articles 215 , 217 - 224A ) .
Every High Court shall consist of a Chief Justice and such other judges as the President may deem necessary to appoint from time to time ( article 216 ) .
Each High Court has powers of superintendence over all the courts and tribunals - other than those set up under any law relating to armed forces - in the area of its jurisdiction ( article 227 ) .
Where any High Court is satisfied that a case pending in the lower courts involves a substantial question of law as to the interpretation of the Constitution , it may withdraw the case and either itself decide it or determine the said question of law and return the case to the Court for determination ( article 228 ) .
Every High Court has full control over its staff .
The salaries and allowances of the judges and of the High Court staff are all charged on the Consolidated Fund of the State .
Appointments of officers and staff of a High Court are made by the Chief Justice of the Court or by such other judge or officer of the Court as he may decide .
The terms and conditions of service of the staff and officers of the Court should appropriately be settled by rules made by the Chief Justice and approved by the President ( article 229 ) .
The jurisdiction of a High Court may be extended to or excluded from a Union territory ( article 230 ) .
Article 226 lays down that every High Court shall have power throughout the territory under its jurisdiction to issue to any person or authority directions , orders or writs including writs of habeas corpus , prohibition , quo warran - to and certiorari or any of them for the enforcement of the fundamental rights or for any other purpose .
1 ) .
No person can be appointed a Governor unless he is a citizen of India and has completed the age of 35 years ( article 157 ) .
Also , the Governor cannot be a member of Parliament or of any of the State Legislatures .
If any member is appointed as Governor , his seat in the legislature shall be deemed to have been vacated on the date of assuming the charge of Governor ' s office .
The Governor cannot hold any other office of profit .
as may be determined by Parliament by law or as under the Second Schedule of the Constitution .
The present salary of a Governor has been fixed by Parliament by law as Rs .
In Har - govind v . Raghukul ( AIR 1979 SC 1109 ) , the Supreme Court held that the office of the Governor was not an office of profit under the Government .
Every Governor and every person discharging the functions of Governor shall take an oath to faithfully execute the office and to preserve , protect and defend the Constitution and the law ( article 159 ) .
Governor ' s Powers and Functions ; Under the Constitution , in the discharge of all his functions , with a few exceptions in certain cases , the Governor is to be guided by the aid and advice of the Council of Ministers ( article 163 ) .
The term of the Legislative Assembly shall be five years .
This applies inter alia to the privileges and immunities of legislatures , disqualification of members , relation between the two Houses , legislative procedure , origin of money bills , etc .
The Council , however , also has a Chairman and Deputy Chairman elected by the Council ( articles 178 - 187 ) .
The Legislature of a State may make laws for the whole or any part of the State .
Laws made by Parliament , however , cannot be questioned on grounds of extraterritorial operation ( article 245 ) .
Article 246 lays down that the Union Parliament would have exclusive jurisdiction to make laws in regard to items in the Union List , the State Legislature would have exclusive power to make laws in respect of items in the State List and both the Union and State Legislatures could legislate in the area of items included in the Concurrent List .
In case of any inconsistency between laws made by Parliament and those made by the Legislature of a State in respect of items in the Concurrent List , the Union law shall prevail and the State law shall be void to the extent of inconsistency except where a State law is reserved for the consideration of the President and receives his assent ( article 254 ) .
In the threefold distribution of legislative powers , residuary powers of legislation have been left with the Union ( article 248 ) .
Also , Parliament has been given the power to make any law for the whole or any part of the country to give effect to any international treaty , agreement , convention or decision ( article 253 ) .
Again under article 250 , Parliament is empowered to make laws on any item included in the State List for the whole or any part of India while a Proclamation of Emergency is in operation .
The maximum duration of validity of such laws will be six months after the expiry of the Emergency .
In the Minerva Mills case , it was held that the judiciary could act if it was established that the Union Government acted mala fide or on irrelevant or no facts .
The remedy otherwise could be only political .
A matter like the satisfaction of the President is beyond the Court .
( Minerva Mills v . Union of India , AIR 1980 SC 1789 ) .
Proclamation of President ' s Rule It is the constitutional duty of the Union to protect its States against external aggression and internal disturbance and to ensure that the Government of every State is carried on in accordance with the Constitution ( article 355 ) .
The maximum number of additional members of the Indian Legislative Council ( Governor - General ' s Council ) was raised from 16 ( under the Act of 1892 ) to 60 ( excluding the Executive Councillors who were ex - officio members ) .
It was , however , decided that in the circumstances of India , territorial representation was not suited to the people and that representation by classes and interests was the only practicable method of embodying the elective principle in constituting the Indian Legislative Councils .
Nomination was , however , retained ( a ) for the appointment of official members , and ( b ) for the appointment of non - official members to supplement the elected members so as to provide representation that seemed impracticable to provide by election .
The elected members were to be returned by constituencies , such as municipalities , district and local boards , universities , chambers of commerce and trade associations , and groups of persons such as land holders or tea planters .
The regulations created non - official majorities in all the Provincial Legislative Councils , but maintained an official majority in the Central Legislative Council .
The regulations also provided for separate electorates and separate representation for the Muslim community .
For the first time , thus , the pernicious principle of communal representation was introduced .
Article 311 sought to place certain limitations on the exercise of the pleasure principle in respect of civil servants .
Two All India services - the Indian Administrative Service and Indian Police Service - are mentioned in the Constitution itself .
The Museum ' s mosquito collections are a reference for Ralph ' s work .
When DNA is taken from the mosquitoes , only a small part of the insect is used .
DNA collection
The remains of the insect are frozen and stored in a DNA Specimen Bank in the Museum .
This collection will be used as a further reference for Ralph ' s current mosquito work and as a DNA collection for scientists working on other projects in the future .
In the rainforests of West Africa , there can be 10,000 individuals under each square metre .
In some soils they can make up 98 per cent of all insect biomass !
Like earthworms in Britain , termites help to maintain the quality and stability of tropical soils .
But what happens to the termites when rainforests are cleared for wood or agriculture ?
The Commission was expected to pay due regard to the needs of industrial , cultural and scientific advancement of India and the just claims and interests of the non - Hindi speaking areas in regard to public services .
The first Official Language Commission was appointed in 1955 .
In the S . R . Bommai case regarding the dismissal of BJP Governments in Madhya Pradesh , Himachal Pradesh and Rajasthan , Justice Jeevan Reddy and Justice Ramaswamy reiterated that federalism inter alia was a basic feature of the Constitution .
Justice Ramaswamy held that a democratic form of Government , federal structure , unity and integrity of the nation , secularism , socialism , social justice and judicial review were among the basic features of the Constitution .
Democracy and representative institutions were , however , by no means entirely new to India .
Complicated and serious matters were often referred to a Special Committee elected from among the members of the assembly .
Grass - roots democracy found its expression in the existence and functioning of Regional Councils ( Janapadas ) , City Councils ( Paura Sabhas ) and Village Assemblies ( Grama Sabhas ) .
Beginnings of Modern Parliamentary Institutions Parliamentary government and legislative institutions in their modern connotation owe their origin and growth to India ' s British connection for some two centuries .
It would , however , be wrong to presume that the British institutions as such were at any stage transplanted in India .
The Parliament of India and the parliamentary institutions as we know them today had an organic growth on the Indian soil .
They grew through many relentless struggles for freedom from foreign rule and for establishment of free democratic institutions , and the sucqessive doses of constitutional reforms grudgingly and haltingly conceded by the British rulers .
For the first time the Governor - General ' s Government was known as the " Government of India " and his Council as the " India Council " .
Even though some power of nominating members was retained , each House was to have an elected majority .
Members were to be elected directly by constituencies delimited by the Rules framed under the Act .
The electoral qualifications prescribed varied widely and were based on communal affiliation and residence and property credentials .
The detailed classification of subjects into ' Central ' and ' Provincial ' was carried out .
Shortcomings of the 1919 Act : The Act of 1919 had many shortcomings .
It did not fulfill the demand for responsible government .
The Governor , dominated .
In the absence of the power of the purse , the Ministers could not effectively implement their policy .
It was the biggest shock to secular Indian nationalism after the suppression of the 1857 revolt and was indeed the greatest victory for the British policy of ' divide and rule ' .
In the words of Sardar Pannikar , this was " the first expression of the pernicious two - nation theory " which ultimately resulted in the partition of the country .
Government of India Act , 1919 : The Reforms Act of 1919 as supplemented by Rules made under it , introduced many important changes in the Indian constitutional system .
The first Council of State had a total of 60 members , of whom 34 were elected , 20 were nominated officials and 6 nominated non - officials .
The strength of the Legislative Assembly was provisionally fixed by the Act at 140 ( 100 elected , 26 nominated officials and the rest nominated non - officials ) .
But there was power , by statutory rule , to increase the total number , and to vary the proportion between the classes of members , so that at least five - sevenths of the total number had to be elected members and at least one - third of the rest non - officials .
The first Legislative Assembly , constituted under the 1919 Act , came into being in 1921 .
In the case of the Council of State , property qualifications for voters were pitched extremely high making the House , more or less , an exclusive preserve of wealthy landowners and merchants .
The total electorate for the Council in 1920 was only 17,644 and for the Assembly 904,746 .
The ; normal term of the Council was five years , and that of the Assembly three .
The Governor - General could dissolve either House before the expiration of its full term .
He could also extend their normal life in special circumstances .
The to Houses had coordinate powers , except that only the Assembly could grant or withhold supply .
The 1919 Act while establishing partially responsible governments in the Provinces under a system of what came to be known popularly as jdyarchy ' , did not introduce any element of responsibility at the Centre and the Governor - General - in - Council continued to remain responsible only to the Secretary of State for India and through him to the British Parliament .
The Central Legislature , though more representative than the previous Legislative Councils and endowed , for the first time , with power to vote supplies , had no power to replace the government and even its powers in the field of legislation and financial control were limited and subject to the Overriding powers of the Governor - General .
Thus , even aslthe Central Legislature ' s power to make laws for the whole of British India , for British subjects and servants of tie Crown in India , and for all British Indian subjects within as well as without British India was reiterated , it continued to be subject to many important limitations which were designed either to keep the sovereignty of the British Parliament intact or to maintain the supremacy of the Governor - General and his Council .
Swaraj Party leaders justified entry into the legislatures saying that under the contemporary situation , it was the best course to make the administrative system hollow and ineffective .
The Swaraj Party achieved remarkable success at the polls in 1923 .
By winning 45 seats out of a total of 145 , the Swaraj Party became the biggest party in the Central Legislature .
According to Maulana Azad , the biggest victory of the party lay in the fact that it secured even those seats which were reserved for the Muslims .
During this period considerable political consciousness developed in the country .
The Act of 1919 had provided for the appointment for a Royal Commission at the expiration of ten years " for enquiring into the working of the system of government . . . and the development of representative institutions in British India . . . " and of reporting " as to whether and to what extent it is desirable to establish the principle of responsible government , or to extend , modify , or restrict the degree of responsible government . . . existing therein , including the question whether the establishment of second chambers of the local legislatures is or is not desirable " .
In November 1927 , two years before it was due , the appointment of a Commission was announced .
But , the Commission ' s Chairman , Sir John Simon , and all its members were chosen from the British Parliament .
Also , the Ministers were not collectively responsible to the Legislature .
The Congress and Indian opinion remained unreconciled and pressed for further reforms to make the administration more representative , responsible and responsive .
But , what came were the special legislative proposals for repressive measures known as the Rowlatt Bills .
Satyagraha , Non - cooperation and Khilafat Movements for Swaraj under Gandhiji ' s leadership followed .
The Simon Commission : Under the 1919 Act , a Commission was scheduled to be appointed in 1929 to inquire into and report on the working of the Act and make further recommendations for reforms .
After the rejection of the demand for a Dominion Status , the 1929 Lahore Session of the Congress adopted a resolution on Purna Swaraj or complete independence .
The all - white Simon Commission was boycotted by most of the Indian parties .
The report of the Commission published in May 1930 was rejected by all political parties .
The Indian National Congress presided over by Jawaharlal Nehru at its Lahore session in 1929 had already declared complete independence or Puma Swaraj as its aim .
The Government of India Act , 1935 : The Act of 1935 aimed at providing a federal structure .
The Governor - General was to have a Council of Ministers , not exceeding ten in number , " to aid and advise " him " in the exercise of his functions " except where he was required to exercise his functions in " his discretion " or in " his individual judgement " .
There was no reference in the Act to either collective or individual responsibility of the ministers to the Federal Legislature , although every minister was required to be a member of either House of that Legislature .
He was empowered in his " discretion " to preside at meetings of the Council of Ministers .
The Federal Legislature was to consist of His Majesty , represented by the Governor - General , and two Chambers to be known respectively as the Council of State ( the Upper Chamber ) and the House of Assembly ( the Lower Chamber ) .
The Council of State was to be a permament body not subject to dissolution , but one - third of its members were to retire every third year .
Every Federal Assembly , unless sooner dissolved by the Governor - General in his " discretion " , was to continue for five years .
Each House was to elect its Chairman and Deputy Chairman and would have power to regulate , subject to the provisions of the Act , its own procedure and business .
The Governor - General was empowered to summon and prorogue the Legislature , and to dissolve the Lower House at his " discretion " .
No Bill would become law unless agreed to by both Houses and assented to by the Governor - General or , in the case of a Bill reserved for the signification of His Majesty ' s pleasure , by His Majesty .
Even an Act assented to by the Governor - General could be disallowed by His Majesty .
The Governor - General could remit a Bill to the Houses for reconsideration .
In the case of disagreement between the Houses , the Governor - General could summon a joint The two Houses were given nearly equal powers ; the difference lay in the sphere of finance .
Money Bills could be introduced only in the Lower House , but the Upper House had the power to amend or reject them in the same way as the Lower House , and the Governor - General was empowered to resolve the differences by summoning a joint sitting .
In order to be useful , it has to be tamed and harnessed .
The people need an institution , an instrumentality for expressing and exercising their sovereign powers .
Under the scheme of our Constitution and its provision of universal adult franchise , the people exercise their sovereign power while casting their votes to elect representatives to the Union Parliament .
And , the Parliament becomes the people ' s institution par excellence through which the sovereign will of the people finds expression .
Initially , in the ancient Greek City - States and also during the Vedic period in India , the people themselves assembled together to decide the issues of governance .
People , thus , exercised their power directly in deciding matters of the State and this kind of polity could be called direct popular democracy .
But with the gradual increase in the size and population of the political units and ultimately with the advent of modern Nation - States , it became impossible to arrange for the people to assemble at a place to discuss matters of the State and arrive at decisions smoothly .
All forms of direct democracy , therefore , soon became practically extinct all over the world except in a few Swiss Cantons where issues could still be decided by the people - at - large through vote .
Modern democracy has of necessity , to be a representative democracy where people exercise their sovereign power through their elected representatives .
The term ' parliamentary ' refers specifically to a kind of democratic polity wherein the supreme power vests in the body of people ' s representatives called Parliament .
It is the pivot on which the political system of the country revolves .
The President : The President of the Republic is directly elected by an electoral college consisting of the elected members of both Houses ; of Parliament and the elected members of the Legislativ Assemblies ( popular Houses ) of the States .
Though the President of India is a constituent part of Parliament , he does not sit or participate in the discussions in either of the two Houses .
There are certain constitutional functions wfhich he has ' to perform with respect to the Parliament , The President summons the two Houses of Parliament to meet from time to time .
He can prorogue the two Houses of Parliament and dissolve the Lok Sabha .
Not only that , when both the Houses of Parliament are jnot in session and he is satisfied that circumstances exist vyhich render it necessary for him to take immediate action the President can promulgate Ordinances having the same force and effect as a law passed by the Parliament .
Besides , he is empowered to decide , after obtaining the opinion of the Election Commission , whether any member duly elected , attracts the disqualifications laid down in Art . 108 of the Constitution .
His decision , in this matter is final .
Rajya Sabha : The Rajya Sabha is , as its name indicates , the Council of States .
The different States of the Union have not been given equal representation in the Rajya Sabha .
Thus , while Uttar Pradesh has 34 members in the Rajya Sabha , smaller States like Manipur , Mizoram , Sikkim , Tripura , etc . have only one member each .
The populations in some of the Union Territories such as Andaman and Nicobar Islands , Chandigarh , Dadra and Nagar Haveli , Daman and Diu , and Lakshadweep are too small to have any representative in the Rajya Sabha .
Under the Constitution , the Rajya Sabha consists of not more than 250 members .
Round Table Conferences and the White Paper : Finally , the Government decided to hold a Round Table Conference in London in November 1930 to consider constitutional reforms .
It was followed by two more such Conferences .
After three Round Table Conferences , the British Government published a White Paper in March 1933 .
The scheme contained provisions for a federal set - up and provincial autonomy .
It proposed dyarchy at the Centre and responsible governments in the Provinces .
The British Parliament constituted a Joint Committee of the two Houses to further consider the Government ' s Scheme formulated in the White Paper .
The Joint Committee with Lord Linlithgo as its Chairman had Conservative members in majority .
Representatives of British India and of the Princely States were invited to give evidence before the Committee as witnesses .
The Joint Committee submitted its report in November 1934 .
On the basis of the Report , a bill was prepared which was introduced in the British Parliament on December 19 , 1934 .
Also , under the Constitution , Parliament is empowered to make laws providing for the creation of one or more All - India Services common to the Union and the States , if the Rajya Sabha declares by a resolution supported by not less than two - thirds of the members present and voting , that it is necessary or expedient in the national interest to do so .
Parliament and the Executive The term ' Executive ' is often used rather loosely to connote several different things .
All executive action , therefore , is taken in the name of the President.31 He is , however , required to act only on the aid and advice of the Council of Ministers with the Prime Minister at its head .
As such , the President is only the formal constitutional or nominal executive .
The Ministers constitute the Government of India and the head of the government is the Prime Minister .
Then , there is the permanent administration comprising the civil services ? the huge staff of administrators , experts , technocrats and others forming the administrative apparatus which really helps the ministers in the formulation and implementation of policies .
For the sake of conceptual clarification , therefore , the term ' Executive ' may be used to indicate the political executive , i . e . the Council of Ministers , while the terms ' administration ' or ' administrative ' may refer to the permanent services or the administrative machinery .
The Union List , the longest of the three lists , contains important subjects like Defence , Foreign Affairs , Railways , Communication , Banking and Currency , etc .
Further , in the concurrent sphere , in the event of any repugnancy between a Union and a State law relating to the same subject , the former prevails .
An exception to this rule is made in favour of a State law with respect to a matter in the concurrent field which , in case of a conflict with an earlier law of the Parliament , prevails , if it has been reserved for consideration , and received the assent , of the President .
But this provision does not prevent the Parliament from subsequently amending , varying or even repealing the law made by the State Legislature .
The executive power of every State is required to be so exercised as to ensure compliance with the laws made by the Parliament .
Even in the spheres exclusively reserved for the States , the Parliament is authorised to legislate under certain circumstances .
Further , when a proclamation of Emergency is in operation , the legislative competence of the Parliament widens so as to extend to any matter in the State List .
Although any power exercised by the Parliament in the national interest or during an Emergency does not restrict the normal legislative power of a State Legislature , in case of any conflict the law made by the Parliament prevails and so long as it remains in force , the State Law , to the extent of its repugnancy , remains inoperative .
After its having been passed by the two Houses and Royal assent being given to it on August 4,1935 , it became the Government of India Act , 1935 .
Government of India Act , 1935 : The most remarkable feature of the Government of India Act , 1935 was that it envisaged a ' federation of all - India ' , consisting of the British provinces and the Indian states willing to join it .
Till the Round Table Conference of 1930 India was a completely unitary state and whatever powers the Provinces had were given to them by the Centre .
The 1935 Act for the first time provided for a federal system which would consist of not only the Governors ' Provinces of British India but also the Chief Commissioners ' provinces and the princely states .
It finally sought to break up the unitary system under which British India had hitherto been administered .
The principle of the constitution of 1919 had been decentralisation rather than federation .
Provinces were free in normal circumstances from Central control , in that field .
The Act separated Burma from India and two new provinces of Orissa and Sind were created .
Keeping the proposed scheme at the Centre in view , the eleven Governors ' Provinces were fully ' liberated ' from the ' superintendence , direction and control ' of the Central Government and the Secretary of State except for certain specific purposes .
The Provinces in other words were invested with ' a separate legal personality ' .
Also , the Parliament has been empowered to abolish or create a Legislative Council in a State by a simple procedure not involving an amendment of the Constitution .
It can be done by ah Act of Parliament , if the Legislative Assembly of the State passes a resolution to that effect by a special majority .
Last but not the least , the Parliament exercises its control over the States through the office of the Governor .
The President , as we know , is a constituent of the Parliament and at the same time the Executive head of the Union .
Governors of the States are appointed by him and they hold their office during the pleasure of the President .
Further , the President may make such provisions as he thinks fit for the discharge of the function of the Governor of a State in any contingency not provided for in the Constitution .
All this , however , does not imply that the States in India have been intended to be made merely administrative agents of the Union .
One is not subordinate to the other in its own field .
In the words of Dr Ambedkar , " the States are as sovereign in the field which is left to them by the Constitution as the Centre is in the field which is assigned to it . "
The scheme of provincial autonomy envisaged by the Act provided for an executive and a legislature in every Province .
The Council of Ministers was to be responsible to the Legislature which could remove it by passing a vote of no - confidence .
The Legislature could exercise some control over the administration through Questions and Supplementaries .
Nearly 80 per cent of the demands for grants could not however be assented to or rejected by the Legislature .
In the legislative field , the legislature could also pass laws on subjects included in the Concurrent List , though in case of divergence , the Federal law would prevail over the Provincial law .
The federal part of the constitutional scheme under the Government of India Act , 1935 was most impractical .
The Provinces did not accept the scheme of the Federation and since the condition of half of the States joining the Federation could not be fulfilled , the ' Federation of India ' contemplated by the 1935 Act remained unborn and the federal part of the Act could not be implemented .
Elections for the provincial legislatures under the Government of India Act , 1935 were held in February , 1937 .
The Congress once again won a resounding success at the polls .
In all , the Congress captured 715 out of the 836 general seats .
State of Rajasthan and In GolakNath ' s case , the Supreme Court by a 6 : 5 majority reversed its earlier decisions and held that the fundamental rights enshrined in the Constitution were transcendental and immutable , that Art . 368 of the Constitution laid down only the procedure for amendment and did not give to Parliament any substantive power to amend the Constitution or any constituent power distinct or separate from its ordinary legislative power , that a Constitution Amendment Act was also law within the meaning of Art . 13 and as such Parliament could not take away or abridge the fundamental rights even through a Constitution Amendment Act passed under Art . 368 .
In 1973 , in the Kesavananda Bharati v . State of Kerala 21 case the Supreme Court reviewed the decision in Golak Nath ' s case .
Ten of the 13 judges held that Art . 368 itself contained the power to amend the Constitution and that ' law ' in Art . 13 ( 2 ) did not take in a constitutional amendment under Art . 368 .
The law declared in Golak Nath ' s case was accordingly overruled .
On the question whether the amending power under Art . 368 is absolute and unlimited , seven judges , constituting a majority , held that the amending power under Art . 368 was subject to an implied limitation ; a limitation which arose by necessary implication from it being a power to " amend the Constitution " .
The clauses provided that ( a ) there were no limitations , expressed or implied , upon the amending power of the Parliament under Art . 368 ( 1 ) , which is a ' constituent power ' and that ( b ) a Constitution Amendment Act would not , therefore , be subject to judicial review , on any ground .
But the applicability of the doctrine of basic structure was reaffirmed by the Supreme Court in Minerva Mills v . Union of India case by holding clauses ( 4 ) &amp; ( 5 ) as void , on the ground that this amendment sought to totally exclude judicial review , which was a ' basic feature ' of the Constitution .
Present state of the doctrine of basic feature is that so long as the decision in Kesavananda ' s case is not overturned by another Full Bench of the Supreme Court , any amendment to the Constitution is liable to be interfered with by the court on the ground of affecting one or other of the basic features of the Constitution .
The Muslim League showed up badly even in the seats reserved for Muslims and in Muslim majority provinces .
In fact , it could capture only 51 of the 482 Muslim seats .
The Congress secured absolute majority in Madras , United Provinces , Bihar , Central Provinces and Orissa and won about half of the total seats in Bombay .
In Assam and North - West Frontier Province , it emerged as the largest party .
In Punjab , the Unionist Party obtained clear majority .
Several minor groups emerged in Bengal and Sind .
The Government of India Act , 1935 occupies a very important and permanent position in the constitutional history of India .
The Act had endeavoured to give a written constitution to the country .
Although the people of India or their representatives had no hand in the creation of this document , and it suffered from several serious drawbacks , it cannot be denied that it was on the whole and in some respects a progressive step .
After centuries , the Indians got an opportunity for assuming some responsibility in running the administration of their country .
Justice Ramaswamy said :
It is thus evident that so far , there has been no consensus in this regard among the judges and no majority judgement is available laying down all the features of the Constitution that may be considered ' basic ' .
The Court has not foreclosed the list of the basic features as suggested by different judges in different cases .
In Indira Gandhi ' s case , Justice Chandrachud has observed that " the theory of basic structure has to be considered in each individual case , not in the abstract , but in the context of the concrete problem . "
The conditions of service and tenure of office of the members of the Commission , cannot be changed to their disadvantage after the appointment .
The Chief Election Commissioner cannot be removed from his office except through a process of impeachment as in the case of a judge of the Supreme Court .
Other Election Commissioners cannot be removed from office without the recommendation of the Chief Election Commissioner .
The Union and State governments are enjoined to make available to the Commission such officers and staff as may be necessary for the proper discharge of its duties and responsibilities and while performing any functions in connection with the elections all such officers and staff are fully answerable to the Election Commission .
Likewise , for each district there is a District Election Officer who coordinates and supervises all work in his district relating to elections under the direction of the Chief Electoral Officer .
Usually the District Collectors or Deputy Commissioners are designated as the District Election Officers .
They appoint presiding and polling officers for the polling stations .
It is the duty of the polling officers at a polling station to assist the The Election Commission , in consultation with the State Government , appoints a Returning Officer for every parliamentary and assembly constituency and for every election to fill a seat or seats in the Rajya Sabha .
The petition can be presented on the ground of disqualifications to fill the seat or adopting during the election , any corrupt practices forbidden by law .
The High Court is empowered to declare the election of a returned candidate void on any of the grounds mentioned above , if proved .
If in a petition , a claim has been made by the petitioner that he received the majority of valid votes and that the returned candidate may not have won but for the corrupt practices adopted by him , the Court , if satisfied , can declare the election of the returned candidate void and declare the petitioner duly elected .
Electoral Reforms During recent years , widespread concern has been felt in the matter of the influence of what is called ' money , muscle and mafia power ' in the electoral process .
The tenth general elections of 1991 were reported to be particularly brutal , violent and associated with all sorts of crime , riots , murders and mayhem .
Video and other media coverage of elections and stories of booth capturing , rigging , bogus voting , impersonation , misuse of religious and caste identities and various other corrupt practices have made the need for electoral reforms imperative .
Popular Ministeries were formed in the Provinces by elected representatives responsible to the Legislatures .
Words like Premier and Ministers were used for the first time and recognition was given to the precedence of the Premier .
There were occasions when differences between the Governors and Ministers cropped up , but the Governors more or less respected the responsibilities and powers of the Ministers in the Congress Provinces and did not interfere in the day - to - day administration .
The Ministers too discharged their duties with great ability , impartiality and dedication .
Even the British administrators were surprised and influenced by the display of administrative ability and acumen by Indian Ministers .
Towards Independence ( 1942 - 1947 ) The popular Ministries lasted only two years .
All the Congress Ministries resigned in 1939 in protest .
In 1940 the Muslim League passed its Pakistan resolution .
Cabinet Minister Sir Stafford Cripps was accordingly sent in March 1942 .
Its proposals were turned down by all the political parties .
Sittings of the Houses Along with the summons for a session , a Provisional Calendar of Sittings showing the programme of sittings , the nature of business ( government or private members ' ) to be transacted and a question chart giving information about days allotted to various ministries for answering questions , and dates fixed for holding ballots are issued to members .
Sittings of the House , unless the Speaker otherwise directs , ordinarily commence at 11.00 a . m . and the normal hours of sittings are from 11.00 a . m . to 1.00 p . m . and from 2.00 p . m . to 6.00 p . m . leaving one hour from 1.00 p . m . to 2.00 p . m . for lunch break .
There are , however , many occasions when the House decides to dispense with the lunch break and even sits late hours .
The yearwise number and duration of Lok Sabha sittings from the first to the ninth Lok Sabha period is given in Anriexure 5.1 at the end of this chapter .
Arrangement of Business and List of Business Parliamentary business can be divided into two broad headings viz . government business and private members ' business .
Government business may be further sub - divided into two categories ( a ) items of business initiated by government and ( b ) items of business initiated by private members but taken up in government ' s time .
Daily business is arranged according to priorities fixed in Direction 2 of the Directions by Speaker viz . oath or affirmation . Obituary references , Questions , leave to move Adjournment Motion , questions involving a breach of privilege , papers to be laid on the Table , communication of messages from the President , Calling Attention statements , statements and personal explanations , motions for elections to Committees , Bills to be introduced , matters under Rule 377 , etc . Apart from the private members ' business , i . e .
Besides statements pointing out mistakes or inaccuracies in statements made by a minister or another member and personal explanations by members , the other items of business which fall under this category of business are ? Questions , Adjournment Motions , Calling Attention to matters of urgent public importance , questions of privilege , discussion on matters of urgent public importance for short duration , Motion of No - Confidence in the Council of Ministers , Half - an - Hour Discussions on matters arising out of answers to questions , matters under Rule 377 , etc .
When the automatic vote recorder is out of order or when seats or division numbers have not been assigned , the method of distribution of slips is used .
Members are supplied at their seats with ' Ayes ' / ' Noes ' printed slips for recording their votes .
An ' Ayes ' slip is printed in green , , both in English and Hindi on one side and ' Noes ' in red on its reverse .
On these slips members are required to record votes of their choice by signing and writing their names , division numbers and dates legibly at the appropriate places .
Members who desire to record ' Abstention ' may fill in the abstention slip printed separately in yellow both in English and Hindi .
In case , a member has not been allotted a seat / division number , he may write his name , constituency , state and date legibly below his signature .
The officer at the Table scrutinises the ' Ayes ' / ' Noes ' and ' Abstention ' slips and counts the votes recorded thereon and compiles the result .
The result so arrived at is announced by the Chair .
The Presiding Officer does not have the right to vote in the first count but in case of equality of votes he has a casting vote which may be decisive .
Statutory protection has been given to the publication in newspapers or broadcast by wireless telegraphy of substantially true reports of any proceedings of either House of Parliament , provided the reports are for the public good and are not actuated by malice ( Art . 361A ) .
Normally , no restrictions are imposed on reporting the proceedings of the House .
The Parliament is entitled to take action for any malicious writing , speech , etc . casting reflection or aspersion on its functioning or on the functioning of its members or its committees .
No action is , however , taken if the criticism is fair and bonafide .
Facilities provided to the Press in Parliament include those of a press gallery , press rooms , supply of parliamentary papers and press releases , access of lobbies and Central Hall , use of library and reference services , etc .
Telecasting / Broadcasting of Proceedings : With a view to taking the Parliament closer to the people a beginning was made in 1989 by telecasting / broadcasting live , the President ' s address to the members of the two Houses .
From December 1991 the Question Hour in the two Houses , after necessary editing , was being telecast on the following day .
The broadcasting of the Question Hour started in 1992 .
Also , from 1992 important occasions like the presentation of the Railway Budget and the General Budget are being telecast live . Important speeches were also telecast from time to time and telefilms were being made of the entire proceedings for archival purposes and future use . From December 1994 the proceedings of the Houses of Parliament are being telecast / broadcast live .
A Bill upon which the Houses have disagreed and the President has notified his intention of summoning a joint - sitting of the Houses for its consideration prior to dissolution , does not lapse , and may be passed at a joint - sitting of both Houses , notwithstanding that dissolution has intervened since the President notified his intention to summon the joint - sitting of the Houses .
Bills passed by both the Houses and sent to the President for assent do not lapse on dissolution of the Lok Sabha .
Bills returned by the President for reconsideration do not lapse and can be reconsidered by the successive House .
His proposals had conceded Dominion Status and the right of Indians to frame a Constitution in their Constituent Assembly , after the War .
However , the Provinces were to have an option to accept or walk out of the new Constitution .
while the Congress found them unacceptable because they opened up possibilities of dividing India into many small bits and did not seek to transfer any really effective power to representative Indian hands during the War .
Quit India Movement : The Congress Working Committee passed a resolution at Wardha in July , 1942 demanding the withdrawal of the British from India .
It was adopted by the All India Congress Committee at Bombay on 8 August , 1942 .
In his speech before the Committee , Gandhiji declared that it was a decision .
Arrest of Congress leaders was followed by a country - wide agitation .
Wavell Plan : Meanwhile , Lord Wavell replaced Lord Linlithgow as Viceroy .
Under the ' Wavell Plan ' , pending the framing of a constitution by the Indians themselves and as an interim arrangement , the Executive Council was to be Indianized with the inclusion of Indian political leaders on the basis of parity between Muslims and caste Hindus with one representative each of the depressed classes and Sikhs .
The War portfolio was to continue with the Commander - in - Chief , but that of External Affairs was to be under the charge of an Indian member .
This is a gift which may be either natural or cultivated , but in the hands of a wise and capable Speaker , it is certainly a weapon with a tremendous potential .
While considering the admission or otherwise of various notices of motions , questions , etc . received by him , he always bears in mind his fundamental duty which is that of enabling the House to deliberate and decide on various matters of public importance that arise from time to time .
Where in doubt , the Speaker usually acts in favour of giving an opportunity to the House to express itself . .
He does not so conceive his duties or interpret his powers as to act independently of the House , or to override its authority , or to nullify its decisions .
He is a part of the House , drawing his powers from the House for the better functioning of the House .
He is in the ultimate analysis , a servant of the House and not its master .
The Speaker authenticates by his signature that a Bill has been passed by the House before it is presented to the President for assent .
He is empowered to correct patent errors in a Bill after it has been passed by the House and to make such other changes in the Bill consequential on the amendments accepted by the House .
He receives documents , petitions , messages addressed to the House and all orders of the House are executed through him .
He had , however , held the same office in the Constitutent Assembly ( legislative ) and continued as the Speaker of the Provisional Parliament on the commencement of the Constitution .
Given below are the ; names of the Speakers , or Presidents as they were called till 1947 , with their periods of office .
The Deputy Speaker is the Chairman of the Budget Committee which approves the Budget proposals of the Secretariat before these are sent to the Ministry of Finance for incorporation in the General Budget .
Besides this , unlike the Speaker , the Deputy Speaker has no functions or responsibilities with reference to the Secretariat of the Lok Sabha or its officers and staff .
The Deputy Speaker is thus a Deputy Presiding Officer but not a Deputy to the Speaker in the latter ' s capacity as the overall executive or administrative head of the Secretariat or the House .
Deputy Speaker presides over the House for the greater part of a sitting of the House , while the Speaker is busy attending to other parliamentary matters in his chamber .
Usually , the Speaker takes the Chair in the forenoon particularly during the Question Hour and the most crucial period following soon after the Question Hour .
He may also walk in and preside at other times during the day whenever he finds some matter of special significance under discussion or any special situation necessitating his presence in the House .
The Deputy Speaker ' s rulings are final in so far as the matters under discussion on which they were given are concerned , but the Speaker may for the sake of certainty of procedure and uniformity of practice give general guidance to be followed in future in similar circumstances .
Simla Conference : The Viceroy convened a Conference of Indian leaders at Simla .
The Conference was held from 25 June to 14 July 1945 .
Elections and Cabinet Mission : Elections to the Central Legislative Assembly in India which were overdue were held in the last quarter of 1945 .
Elections to the Provincial Assemblies were completed by April 1946 .
The result showed that the Congress obtained absolute majority in eight Provinces ( Assam , Bihar , Bombay , Central Provinces , Madras , N . W . F . P . , Orissa and U . P . ) .
In the remaining three Provinces , the Congress was the second largest party .
However , while the record of Congress successes was most impressive in the general constituencies and the party in fact improved its position over the 1937 results , it fared badly in the reserved Muslim constituencies .
Occasionally the Deputy Speaker may reserve a matter for a ruling by the Speaker or may consult him before giving a decision .
Unlike the Speaker , the Deputy Speaker has a right to speak in the House , to take part in its deliberations and to vote on any proposition before the House as a member , but this he can do only when the Speaker is presiding .
When the Speaker is absent from a joint - sitting of the Houses of Parliament , the Deputy Speaker presides and exercises the powers of the Speaker , at such a sitting as is the case when he is presiding over the deliberations of the House .
The Deputy Speaker may take part in the politics of the party to which he belongs , although in practice he , as far as possible , keeps aloof from participation in controversial issues in order to maintain a position of impartiality in the House .
Under the conventions and traditions that have grown round the Deputy Speaker ' s office , if he is nominated or appointed a member of a Parliamentary Committee , he is also appointed its Chairman .
Also , the office of the Deputy Speaker is usually filled by a member of the opposition .
The Office of the Deputy Speaker , Deputy President as it was known till 1947 , is as old as the Central Legislature itself .
Listed below are the names of the persons ( with the year of election ) who occupied the office of the Deputy Speaker .
Pre - independence 1 .
Sachidanand Sinha ( 3 February 1921 )
Sir Jamsetjee Jajeebhoy ( 21 September 1921 )
Diwan Bahadur T . Rangachariar ( 4 February 1924 )
Sir Muhammad Yagub ( 30 January 1927 )
Sanmukham Chetty ( 19 January 1931 )
Abdul Matin Chaudhuri ( 21 March 1934 )
Akhil Chandra Dutta ( 5 February 1936 )
Sir Mohammad Yamin Khan ( 5 February 1946 ) Post - independence 1 .
Ananthasayanam Ayyangar ( 30 May 1952 ? 8 May 1956 )
David Jones and Paul Eggleton has been collecting and studying these insects in rainforests across the globe to try and find out .
Historic collections
The Museum is well placed to do this research , as we have the largest collection of tropical termites in the world .
Termites are busy workers .
Their tunnelling and mound building activities , coupled with their amazing digestive systems , play a critical role in recycling nutrients from dead plants and releasing them back into the soil .
Paul ' s Soil Team has been collecting soil samples from different deforested areas in order to identify and count the termite species left there .
How do scientists use our historic collections for reference ?
They have been using the Museum ' s comprehensive termite collection as a reference .
It contains more than 80 per cent of all the known termite species .
A Chairman may , however , reserve major issues for decision by the Speaker .
It is a contempt of the House to denigrate his conduct while he is in the Chair ; he must ) be shown all respect as is due to a Presiding Officer of the House .
A Chairman is free jo participate fully in all discussions in the House and to take active part in the issues , including controversial issues , before the House .
He attends the meetings of his party and is usually an active member of his party .
The Speaker invariably chooses members on the Panel of Chairmen from both the ruling as well as the opposition parties !
The selection is entirely in the hands of the Speaker but he may consult the leaders of political parties in the House before making his choice .
The Secretary - General The third important officer of the House is the Secretary - General .
He is the adviser to the Speaker , to the House and to the members on all parliamentary functions and activities and all matters of procedure and practice .
As a permanent officer who heads the Table of the House and is the continuing link between the changing composition of the different Houses and Speakers , the Secretary - General is the custodian of parliamentary conventions and traditions and the repository of the accumulated wisdom and experience of many earlier Houses , presiding officers and his own predecessors .
The Secretary - General discharges in his own right many legislative , administrative and executive functions and renders services and provides facilities to the members .
He is the overall incharge of the Watch and Ward Organisation and the security in the precincts of the Parliament Estate .
The Parliament Library , Research , Reference , Documentation and Information Services also function under him .
He is responsible for the maintenance and upkeep of the buildings and properties of the Parliament .
As the overall head of the parliamentary Museum and Archives , he is the custodian of the heritage of Parliament and the keeper of all parliamentary records and archives .
He is the head of the legislative services and the Secretariat of the House and is responsible for its administration , for maintaining discipline and for seeing that the secretarial work of the House and its Committees is organised properly and conducted efficiently and smoothly .
He provides secretarial assistance and staff to all the Parliamentary Committees and is available to them for advice .
His role is that of a friend , philosopher and guide to the members and the Committees .
Members of the various political parties approach him for advice .
To a very large extent he has to maintain the same role of impartiality and objectivity as that observed by the Speaker .
He must be wide awake and a man of quick decisions .
The job that is thus ! entrusted to him is so highly technical and complicated in nature that he has to be assisted by a large number of competent and qualified officials of all grades .
The work is organised in such a manner that each unit is concerned with a special subject or aspect of parliamentary life and is staffed by men of calibre who are equipped technically and who discharge their duties efficiently .
It is the duty of the Secretary - General to see that adequate personnel is trained to fill the gaps occurring from time to time and that the efficiency of parliamentary life is maintained at a high level always .
Much , therefore , depends upon the personality and mind of the occupant of the post of Secretary - General in giving shape and character to the secretarial organisatioin of the House .
He is absolutely non - partisan and objective in his approach and perspective .
He is chosen from amongst those who have made their mark in the service of the Parliament in various capacities in the Secretariat of the House .
The Speaker is the authority to choose and appoint him .
Once appointed , he remains in his post until he attains the prescribed age of retirement , which at present is 60 years .
He is not subject to criticism in the House and his actions are not discussed either inside or outside the House .
He is answerable only to the Speaker and sufficient safeguards are provided to give him security of service and independence in order that he may perform his duties zealously , fearlessly , fairly impartially and in the best public interest .
The whole Secretariat of the House is completely separate and under the overall control of the Speaker so that the Parliament can get independent advice and its directions are executed properly without any interference from outside quarters or internal pressures . ;
He authenticates Bills in the absence of the Speaker ; sends and receives messages on behalf of the House ; receives notices , petitions , documents and papers addressed to or intended for the House ; issues summons under his signature to witnesses to appear before the House or Committees thereof , corresponds with members including ministers and others on behalf of the Speaker ; issues admission tickets to the galleries ; controls the finances and accounts of the House and its Secretariat ; circulates lists of business , bulletins and notices of amendments ; prepares the journal , minutes and verbatim records of the House ; arranges for the supply of information to members on various subjects in which they may be interested ; edits and publishes a large number of periodicals and other parliamentary publications ? digests , journals , monographs , brochures , factsheets , background briefs , research studies , books , etc . for the benefit of members and others .
As the overall head of the Bureau of Parliamentary Studies and Training , he organises many study courses , seminars , training and orientation programmes , etc . in parliamentary institutions and procedures for new members of Parliament and State Legislatures , for probationers of IAS , IFS and several other All India Services , for senior officers of the Government of India , for university teachers , for parliamentary officials from within the country and abroad .
He accompanies parliamentary delegations abroad and attends to numerous other activities of the Parliament .
When the Commonwealth Speakers ' Conference is held in the country , the Secretary - General of Lok Sabha is the ex - officio Secretary - General of the Conference .
Similarly , questions relating to public importance and in respect of which supplementary questions are likely to arise are put for oral answers as starred questions .
It is , however , the discretion of the Speaker to put questions for oral or written answers as he thinks proper . "
Keeping in view the time of the House and other business to be transacted , it has been provided that a member of the Lok Sabha cannot ask more than five questions a day of both the starred and the unstarred category .
Further , not more than three starred questions in the Rajya Sabha and not more than one starred question in the Lok Sabha by the same member can be admitted on a single day .
The maximum number of questions in the unstarred list for a day is 230 in the Lok Sabha .
In the Rajya Sabha there is no such limit but normally the number of unstarred questions listed for a day is less than 200 .
For the purpose of answering questions , the ministries and departments of the Government of India have been divided into five groups ? A , B , C , D , E ? and fixed days have been allotted to these groups of ministries for answering questions on Mondays , Tuesdays , Wednesdays , Thursdays and Fridays , respectively .
The grouping is done in such a way that each minister has one fixed day in the week for answering questions in the Lok Sabha and another fixed in the week for answering questions in the Rajya Sabha .
The Ministries are supplied with the list of finally admitted questions at least five days before the date fixed for asking questions , in order to provide them sufficient time for preparing the answers .
The member whose question has been admitted as a starred one for a particular day is called by the Speaker or the Chairman , as the case may be , to ask the question .
He rises in his place and asks his question just by reading its number in the list and not the text of the question as such .
Thereafter , the minister replies to the question .
No debate is permitted during the Question Hour on any question or answer given .
However , supplementary or follow - up questions may be allowed to be asked for the purpose of elucidating any matter of fact regarding an answer already given .
The member in whose name the question stands is entitled to ask two supplementaries .
Thereafter , the Chair , may call other members usually alternating between the government and the Opposition to ask one supplementary question each .
By allowing a reasonable number of supplementaries depending upon the merit of a question and selecting members from all sections of the House for asking supplementaries , the Speaker ensures the efficacy of this unique parliamentary device .
Answers to such questions A question relating to a matter of urgent public importance may be asked for oral answer with a notice shorter than ten clear days .
The member giving notice of such a question has to give brief reasons for asking the question with a shorter notice .
If the minister agrees to reply to a short notice question , it is fixed on a day indicated by him .
If the minister declines to answer the question at a short notice and the Speaker / Chairman is of the opinion that the question is of sufficient importance to be orally answered in the House , the latter may direct that the question may be placed as the first question on the list of questions for oral answers for a day it would become due after satisfying the condition of ten clear days ' minimum notice .
Only one such question can be placed on the list of questions for a particular day .
At the end of the Question Hour , short notice questions , if any , for that day are taken up and disposed of in the same way as the question for oral answers .
The conditions of admissibility of short notice questions are the same as for ordinary questions for oral answers .
A matter of urgent public importance , however , can be brought before the House through an adjournment motion by interrupting the regular business if the Speaker agrees to do so.2 The basic object of bringing an adjournment motion is to draw the attention of the House to a recent matter of urgent public importance haying serious consequences , and in regard to which moving a motion or resolution with proper notice will be too late .
( a ) The matter must be definite .
( b ) It should have a factual basis .
Thus the general issues like the political situation in the country , lawlessness , unemployment , railway accidents and air crashes , closure of mills , the international situation in general , are not proper subjects for adjournment motion .
Similarly , shortage of transport vehicles , cases of kidnapping , dacoity , explosions , communal tensions have been held not to be appropriate matters for such motion .
It should not raise a matter involving a question of privilege ; a question which can be raised under a distinct motion ; a matter which is sub - judice ; and a matter which has already been discussed during the same session .
The subject matter of the motion must have a direct or indirect relation to the conduct or default on the part of the Government of India .
But , if a matter falling under the State jurisdiction concerns the constitutional development in the State or atrocities on Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes or the weaker sections of the soceity , it may be considered for admission on merit .
In making these suggestions , the Cabinet Mission made it clear that its object was not to lay down the details of a constitution but to set in motion a machinery whereby a constitution could be settled by Indians for Indians .
Interim Government : The first Interim National Government was announced on August 24 , 1946 .
It included Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru , Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel , Dr .
Rajendra Prasad , Asaf Ali , Sarat Chandra Bose , Dr .
John Mathai , Sir Shafat Ahmed Khan , Jagjivan Ram , Sardar Baldev Singh , Syed Ali Zaheer , C . Rajagopalachari and Dr .
Technically , they were all members of the Viceroy ' s Executive Council and the Viceroy continued to be the head of the Council .
he and eleven of his colleagues took the oath of office on September 2 , 1946 .
The door was kept open for the entry of the Muslim League even at a later date .
It may be noted that after the discussion on such a motion has started , till the motion is disposed of , the Speaker has no power to adjourn the House because this If an adjournment motion is negatived , the House resumes its business which was interrupted by the motion .
On the other hand , if the motion is passed , it amounts to censuring the government .
Though it does not amount to voting the government out of office , it goes to show that a government which has failed to prevent an adverse vote on an adjournment motion , will not be able to survive a direct ' Motion of No - confidence ' in the Council of Ministers .
Since the adoption of an adjournment motion involves an element of censure against the government , the Rajya Sabha does not make use of this procedure .
It has been seen that the adjournment motion is used very sparingly .
During the Seventh Lok Sabha , for example , out of 5762 notices of adjournment motion received , only 149 were brought before the House and finally only 24 of them could be admitted and discussed , and none of them was adopted , In the Eighth Lok Sabha , notices of 1801 adjournment motions were received .
Of these 80 notices on four subjects were admitted . In the Ninth Lok Sabha , of the 375 notices , nine on eight subjects were discussed .
Calling Attention Notices The provision for the Calling Attention Notices was first made in the year 1954 .
Prior to this , the need for a precise procedure to raise an important and urgent issue was being felt considerably .
The procedure of bringing an adjournment motion which was in the nature of a censure motion against the government , was restricted in its scope in the existing constitutional set - up .
The purpose of discussion is that members who are in possession of some facts about the matter should apprise the House of the same and the minister clarifies the position for the benefit of the House and the nation .
Mentions Under Rule 377 Any visitor to the public galleries may have witnessed our elected representatives trying to raise matters which do not concern interpretation of rules and regulations but which are agitating their minds , and which they feel they must raise at the earliest opportunity .
Immediately after the Question Hour , which is euphemistically called " Zero Hour " , by the Press several members are on their feet to raise such matters creating din and disorder in the House .
Presiding Officers of both the Houses , convinced of the need to curb this practice , wanted to devise some method to enable members to raise issues which they felt they should , and which were not the subject matter of a recent question , Adjournment Motions , Calling Attention notices , etc .
It was with this view , that the practice of " Special Mention " in the Rajya Sabha and raising matters under Rule 377 in the Lok Sabha , was started .
Recourse to Rule 377 , for the first time was taken on 14 May 1966 , the matter raised related to ill - treatment meted out to an M . P . by the police .
It was a matter which could not have been raised under any other rule .
By the end of October , the Viceroy somehow succeeded in bringing in the League .
The Government was reconstituted on October 26 .
Thus the League became a partner in the Government .
Mountbatten Plan : In March 1947 , Lord Louis Mount - batten was sent as the new Viceroy to arrange for a smooth transfer of power .
He reached India on 22 March 1947 .
Very soon he came to the firm conclusion that it would not be possible for the Congress and the Muslim League to work together either in the Interim Government or in the Constituent Assembly and the only way , therefore , to prevent the orgy of communal violence from assuming still more fierce dimensions was to transfer power to Indian hands with the greatest expedition .
It was already becoming quite obvious and the Congress had also come to realise that partition of the country was inevitable and was left as the only alternative to utter chaos , anarchy and civil war .
Mountbatten prepared a plan for partition and after consultations with the leaders of the opposition parties in Britain , a fresh policy statement embodying the Mountbatten Plan was issued on 3 June 1947 .
The names of three members in Lok Sabha and five in the case of Rajya Sabha from among those who have expressed their desire to move a resolution are decided by ballot , to allow them to give notice of one resolution each .
These resolutions , if admitted , are put down in the private members ' List of Business .
When called upon by the Chair , the member concerned moves the resolution and makes a speech thereon .
Other members and the minister concerned also speak thereafter .
Allocation of time for discussion of private members ' resolutions is done by the Committee on Private Members ' Bills and Resolutions .
Generally , two hours are allotted for discussion on these resolutions .
The mover of the resolution has got a right of reply after the minister ' s speech .
Government Resolutions : Resolutions moved by the ministers are known as Government Resolutions .
Ministers also are required to give prior notice to the Secretary - General of their intention to move a resolution .
It is in the discretion of the government to find time and to fix a date for its discussion .
They have to perform manifold functions from maintaining law and order and protecting the territories of the State against foreign aggression , to implementing plans for social and economic betterment of the people .
Besides , they provide a variety of social services like housing , education , health and employment to the people .
Needless to say , governments need money to discharge these functions .
Where is this money to come from ?
Who is to sanction the funds ?
The necessary funds are mobilised from the country ' s resources by way of taxes , loans , etc . to meet governmental expenditures .
In respect of schemes already sanctioned in the main Budget no discussion on any question of principle or policy is allowed .
As regards demands for which no sanction has been obtained , the question of policy has to be confined to the items of expenditure on which the vote of the House is sought .
General grievances cannot be ventilated during discussion on a supplementary grant .
A member can only point out whether the supplementary demand is necessary or not .
During discussion on Excess Demands for Grants , members can point out how money has been spent uitnec - essarily or that it ought not to have been spent .
Beyond this , at this stage , there is no scope for general discussion or for ventilation of grievances .
Although the Private Members ' Bills that become law are few and far between , they also serve a good purpose in as much as they bring to the attention of the government and the public the need to amend an existing law in the light of the changing conditions or to enact a needed piece of legislation .
On the basis of their content , the Bills can further be classified into :
( i ) Original Bills embodying new proposals , ideas and policies ; ( ii )
Bills to replace Ordinances issued by the President ;
In such a case , leave of the House to introduce the Bill is not necessary .
In other words , the Bill does not have to go through the introduction stage .
( ii ) Second Reading : Second Reading forms the most elaborate and vital stage in the life of a Bill because it is at this stage that it receives detailed and minute examination .
The second reading or the consideration stage consists of two steps which may be called as the First Stage and the Second Stage .
The First Stage : The first stage involves the general discussion on the Bill as a whole where only the principle underlying the Bill is discussed and not the details of the Bill .
At this stage , it is open to the House to refer the Bill either to a Select Committee of the House or to the Joint Committee of the two Houses or to circulate it to elicit opinion thereon or straightaway take it into consideration . "
Reference to Committee : A Bill may be referred to a Select Committee or a Joint Committee .
The members of the Select Committee are drawn from among the members of the House where the Bill has originated .
In the case of a Joint Committee , members from both Houses are represented ; the ratio of members from Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha , in such a case , will be 2 : 1 .
The Chairman of the Joint Committee is appointed by the Presiding Officer of the House in which the Bill was introduced .
The Bill again passes through the Committee stage and the Bill as reported , is presented to the House .
After the report of the Select or Joint Committee on a Bill has been presented to the House , the minister may make any one of these motions ? that the Bill as reported , be taken into consideration or that the Bill , as reported , be committed to the same Committee or to a new Committee or that the Bill be circulated or recirculated , as the case may be , for the purpose of eliciting opinion or further opinion thereon .
The scope of the debate is confined to the Bill as reported by the Committee and the principle of the Bill is not open to discussion again , because the House , in effect , commits itself to the principle of the Bill when a motion to refer the Bill to a Committee is adopted .
The Second Stage : After the motion that the Bill or the Bill as reported by the Select / Joint Committee , be taken into consideration has been adopted , the Bill is taken up for consideration clause by clause .
Each clause is placed before the House separately for discussion .
Immediately after a clause is placed before the House , amendments thereto can be moved subject to the conditions of admissibility .
The clause by clause consideration is often long and laborious as each clause is normally discussed separately and each amendment ( except those withdrawn by the mover ) is also to be discussed , adopted or rejected by the House .
Amendments , if accepted , become a part of the Bill .
In other respects , the stages through which a Bill passes are the same as in the case of a Government Bill .
Subordinate Legislation The complexities of modern civilisation and rapid industrialisation have of necessity made the State to shift its emphasis from the concept of laissez - faire to that of social welfare .
As a result , the State has become more and more an instrument of social and economic change .
The failure of the Simon Commission and the Round Table Conference which led to the enactment of the Government of India Act , 1935 to satisfy Indian aspirations accentuated the demand for a constituent assembly of the people of India .
The Congress adopted a resolution at its Lucknow Session in April 1936 .
This demand was firmly reiterated by the All India National Convention of Congress Legislators held in Delhi in March , 1937 .
During August - October 1937 , the Central Legislative assembly and the Provincial Assemblies of each of the Provinces where the Congress held office , adopted resolutions .
After the outbreak of the War in 1939 , the demand for a constituent assembly was reiterated in a long statement issued by the Congress Working Committee on 14 September , 1939 .
He declared that the only way out to arrive at a just solution of communal and other problems was a constituent assembly .
The demand for a constituent assembly was for the first time authoritatively conceded by the British Government , though in an indirect way and with important reservations , in what is known as the of 1940 .
The Cripps proposals marked an advance over the in Indian hands and a clear undertaking to accept the constitution framed by the proposed constitution - making body was given by the British Government .
After the failure of the Cripps Mission , no steps were taken for the solution of the Indian constitutional problem until the War in Europe came to an end in May , 1945 .
As in the case of Joint Committees , members of the Committee on Public Accounts , Committee on Public Undertakings , Committee on the Welfare of Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes and the Committee on Government Assurances , are drawn from both Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha .
As far as possible , different parties and groups are represented on Parliamentary Committees in proportion to their respective strengths in the House ( s ) .
Usually the Committees are reconstituted every year on the basis of names of members suggested by leaders of parties / groups for consideration of , and selection by , the Presiding Officers .
Terms of Committees A Parliamentary Committee holds office for a period not exceeding one year or for a period specified by the Speaker or until a new Committee is nominated .
The Business Advisory Committee , Committee on Petitions , Committee on Privileges and the Rules Committee continue in office till re - constituted whereas other Standing Committees hold office for a period not exceeding one year .
If no term is specified by the Speaker / Chairman in regard to an ad hoc Committee , it continues in office till the completion of work and presentation of report , if any .
Committee Procedure Committees hold their meetings in the Parliament House or iii the Parliament House Annexe , but in special cases with the permission of the Speaker / Chairman , meetings may be held outside also .
A Committee has the power to take oral or written evidence .
It may send for persons , papers and records provided that if any question arises whether the evidence of a person or the production of a document is relevant for the purposes of the Committee , the question is referred to the Speaker whose decision is final .
Sub - committees may also be appointed by the main Committee to examine matters referred to them .
The report of the Subcommittee is submitted to the main Committee .
There are no public hearings .
The proceedings in Committees are largely conducted in the same manner as in the House but in a more intimate and informal atmosphere and on non - party lines .
When a Committee is deliberating , a member can speak more than once on a question under consideration .
All questions are determined by a majority of votes of the members present and voting .
In case of an equal division of votes on any matter , the Chairman has a second or casting vote .
The Committee drafts a report thereafter , on the basis of the minutes ! of the sittings of the Committee containing the substance of deliberations of the Committee together with the recommendations .
They can frame their own internal Rules of Procedure subject to the approval of the Speaker .
They normally do not go into questions of policy in pursuance of the fact that policy formulation is the exclusive privilege of the Parliament and a Committee is not supposed to sit in judgement on a policy already approved by the Parliament .
In order to avoid possible interference in day - to - day administration , the Committees examine only those acts which have already been done or not done which otherwise Ought to have been done .
But by virtue of their constitution and authority behind them , no minister or official can disregard or ignore them .
The Estimates Committee : The Estimates Committee consists of 30 members of the Lok Sabha .
Unlike the Public Accounts Committee and the Committee on Public Undertakings , the members of the Rajya Sabha are not associated with it .
It makes a detailed examination of the annual budget estimates in order to : ( a ) report what economics , improvements in organisation , efficiency or administrative reform , consistent with the policy underlying the estimates , may be effected ;
The Constituent Assembly thus became a body , it was believed , fully representative of the states and provinces in India and fully sovereign of all external authority .
It could abrogate or alter any law made by the British Parliament applying to India , including the Indian Independence Act itself .
The constituent assembly duly opened on the appointed day Monday , the ninth day of December , 1946 at eleven in the morning .
The historic Objectives Resolution was moved in the constituent assembly by Nehru , on 13 December 1946 , after it had been in session for some days .
The beautifully worded draft of the Objectives Resolution cast the horo - scope , so to say , of the Sovereign Democratic Republic that India was to be .
Thus , the Resolution gave to the assembly its guiding principles and the philosophy that was to permeate its tasks of constitution - making .
It was finally adopted by the assembly on 22 January 1947 .
Framing the Constitution The assembly appointed a number of committees to deal with different aspects of the problem of framing the constitution .
These included the Union constitution Committee , Union Powers Committee , Committees on Fundamental Rights , Minorities , etc .
It possesses a rich collection of rare books , art books , etc .
The earliest printed book available dates back to 1671 .
From time to time , and on specific occasions , the Parliament Library organises Book Exhibitions on themes of interest .
The Reference and Documentation Division has been fully equipped to handle inter alia references received from members of Parliament .
The Research and Information Division assesses in advance the information requirements of the members of Parliament , and constantly endeavours to keep them informed of current developments , both national and international , in various fields by timely issue of objective information material like brochures , information bulletins , background notes , fact - sheets , etc .
The Press and Public Relations Wing looks after all the press and public relations work of the LokSabha Secretariat involving , in the main , continuous liaison with the Press , governmental publicity organisations , and the media .
It also deals with all matters concerning the Press Gallery of the Lok Sabha including the issue of press releases on various parliamentary events and activities .
PARLIS database is designed to cater to instant reference needs of the members of Parliament , officers of Parliament , Committees , the research and reference personnel and other staff .
The information stored in the computers and data available for on - line retrieval covers subject index references to question - answers and debates in the two Houses of Parliament , Bills , bio - data profiles of members , Constituent Assembly debates , socio - economic background of members , Parliamentary Committees , Speaker ' s decisions and observations , etc .
Data relating to some parliamentary activities contained in the PARLIS database are also available on request to State Legislatures .
Some State Legislatures have already made arrangements to access some PARLIS data through linkage of their computer NECS - 1000 of NIC through NICNET ( National Informatics Centre Network ) .
PARLIS has been connected to NICNET and can correspond with the District Information Centres under the system ail over the country .
The Documentation Service is mainly responsible for locating , collecting and subject - classifying / cataloguing of books , reports , periodicals , press clippings and documents of all kinds received and maintained in the library , and then abstracting / making available the relevant material for the use of members of Parliament in their day - to - day parliamentary work .
Documentation cards are also prepared on all important subjects and filed in card catalogue cabinets and fed in the PARLIS database as well .
The Documentation Service brings out a fortnightly periodical , Parliamentary Documentation .
These press clippings are kept in a chronological sequence in separate folders and can be consulted or referred to by members in the library .
The policy makers , the legislators , the administrators and different functionaries at various levels involved in the functioning of the democratic set - up , therefore , need to be trained in the tenets , tools and operational mechanics of parliamentary institutions .
Also their attitudes have to be oriented to the needs and responsibilities and the tenor and temper of parliamentary democracy .
The task of carrying on the necessary studies and imparting the required , orientation and training primarily falls on the Parliament itself .
The Bureau of Parliamentary Studies and Training , set up in 1976 as an integral division of the Lok Sabha Secretariat , is designed to meet the long - felt need to provide the legislators and officials witfi institutionalised opportunities for problem - oriented studies and systematic training in the various disciplines of parliamentary institutions , process and procedures .
The Bureau ' s activities thus include holding of seminars and orientation programmes for members of Parliament and of State Legislatures , training and refresher courses for officers of the Secretariats of Parliament and of the State Legislatures , appreciation jcourses for senior and middle - level officials of the Government of India and probationers of the IAS , IPS , IPS and several other All - India and Central Services .
It is only when a parliamentary official is specifically asked for advice on a matter relating to parliamentary work that he may furnish factual information and not advance opinions .
A parliamentary official has no concern with the political affiliations or the ideologies of the members .
For him every member , whatever his party , qualifications , or station in life may be , is an honourable representative of the people with whom he is expected to deal with reverence and patience .
As a servant of the House , a parliamentary official must treat all members as equal .
Remembering always that all members are entitled to equal and impartial assistance from him , he has to render efficient service to everyone of them , who seek his help in connection with his parliamentary duties .
In order to perform his duties , the official has to be an expert in his line of work .
Speed and accuracy in the disposal of work are thus the key ingredients in the operational dynamics of parliamentary officials .
Some of the guiding norms may be summed up as follows : -
A special committee was constituted to go through them along with the recommendations of the Drafting Committee thereon .
The suggestions made by the Special Committee were again considered by the Drafting Committee and certain amendments were picked up for incorporation .
which was submitted to the President of the assembly on 26 October 1948 .
While introducing the Draft constitution in the assembly for consideration on 4 November 1948 , Dr .
Ambedkar replied to some common criticisms of the Draft , particularly the criticism in regard to there being very little in it that could claim originality .
He observed : One likes to ask whether there can be anything new in a constitution framed at this hour in the history of the world .
More than hundred years have rolled over when thefirst written constitution was drafted .
It has been followed by many countries reducing their constitutions to writing .
Similarly what are the fundamentals of a constitution are recognised all over the world .
Given these facts , all constitutions in their main provisions must look similar .
When day after day , the Houses are adjourned after scenes of pandemonium and without transacting any business , one wonders whether the institutions are not becoming dysfunctional despite their high costs to the public exchequer .
It is also found that many of our elected representatives in their personal conduct , relationships and dealings with the people do not follow the basic norms of their code of conduct .
In a democracy nothing can be sadder and cause for greater concern than the erosion in the respect for the representatives .
These Conferences are held in New Delhi ( Parliament House or Parliament House Annexe ) under the Chairmanship of the Chairman of the concerned Parliamentary Committee , usually once in the life time of the Lok Sabha ,
Visits of Parliamentary and State Legislative Committees The Committees of State Legislatures frequently visit New Delhi and various State capitals and meet their counterpart Committees of Parliament and sister State Legislatures to exchange views on matters of common interest .
The visiting Committees also witness proceedings of Legislature Committees when the latter take evidence .
Parliamentary Committees also meet their counterparts in States during their tours of States for an on - the - spot study of their subjects .
Seminars / Symposia Seminars and symposia are held in New Delhi under the auspices of the Indian Parliamentary Group and Bureau of Parliamentary Studies and Training on subjects of contemporaneous importance in which members of Parliament and State Legislatures participate .
For some years now , a symposium on a subject of topical interest is also held on the last day of the Presiding Officers ' Conference .
In response to these requests an autonomous body called the ' Indian Parliamentary Group ' was set up .
Its membership is open to members of Parliament .
Former members of Parliament may become associate members .
The Speaker , Lok Sabha is the ex officio President and the Deputy Speaker , Lok Sabha and Deputy Chairman , Rajya Sabha are the ex officio Vice Presidents .
The Secretary - General , Lok Sabha is the ex officio Secretary of the Indian Parliamentary Group .
The Group functions as the National Group of the Inter - Parliamentary Union and as the India Branch of the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association .
The constituent assembly accomplished the tremendous task of framing the constitution in less than three years .
Adoption of the constitution was , however , not the journey ' s end .
The Chairman of the Drafting Committee , Dr .
Ambedkar , and the President of the assembly , Dr .
Rajendra Prasad , speaking on 25 and 26 November 1949 sounded words of warning and wisdom .
Dr .
Rajendra Prasad in his concluding speech observed that they had been able , on the whole , to draft a good constitution which he trusted would serve the country well .
The constitution was finally signed by members of the constituent assembly on 24 January 1950 - the last day of the assembly .
Our founding fathers were some of the most distinguished and the wisest of men and women - great jurists , patriots and freedom fighters .
It is difficult to imagine any better or more representative results at that time even if the constituent assembly was directly elected by the people on the basis of universal adult franchise .
Inter - Parliamentary Relations Parliamentarians , as people ' s representatives , have an important role to play in reducing international tensions and promoting understanding between countries , as they can mould public opinion and influence the Executive of their respective countries to build bridges of understanding between peoples and countries and promote world peace and cooperation .
The Indian Parliament exchanges delegations , goodwill missions , etc . with foreign Parliaments and regularly participates through the Indian Parliamentary Group in the Conferences held under the auspices of the Inter - Parliamentary Union ( IPU ) and the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association ( CPA ) .
The IPU is an association of Parliamentary Groups constituted within the national Parliaments with the object to promote personal contacts between members of all Parliaments and to unite them in common action to secure participation of their respective States in the establishment and development of parliamentary institutions and supporting the UN objectives .
The Union meets in Conference twice a year to be hosted by member countries .
The CPA is an association of Commonwealth Parliamentarians with the aim of encouraging understanding and cooperation between them and to promote the study of and respect for parliamentary institutions .
The Association meets in Conference annually and also assists in holding Seminars on Parliamentary Practice and Procedure at regional levels .
From the very beginning of its membership of the IPU and the CPA , India has been taking considerable interest in the working of these institutions .
India hosted the 57th Inter - Parliamentary Union Conference in 1969 ; the Commonwealth Parliamentary Conferences in 1957 and 1975 and the Conference of Commonwealth Speakers and Presiding Officers in 1969 and 1986 .
Besides , a number of international regional seminars have been organised in India from time to time .
Again , in September 1991 the Commonwealth Parliamentary Conference and in 1993 , the IPU Conference were hosted by India at New Delhi .
The centre and tocus ol the building is the big circular edifice of the Central Hall , The Central Hall dome , 29.9 metres in diameter and 36 metres in height , is believed to be one of the most magnificent domes in the world .
The Constituent Assembly of India met in this Hall ( 1946 - 49 ) .
The historic transfer of power from British to Indian hands also took place in this Hall in 1947 .
The Hall is now used for the joint - sittings of the two Houses , Addresses by the President and by visiting dignitaries ? the Heads of State or Government .
The Hall is adorned with portraits of national leaders .
Surrounding these three Chambers is a four - storeyed circular structure providing accommodation for ministers , Chairmen of Parliamentary Committees , Party Offices , important offices of the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha Secretariats and also the Offices of the Ministry of Parliamentary Affairs .
Four Committee rooms on the first floor are used for meetings of Parliamentary Committees .
Three other rooms on the same floor are used by the press correspondents who come to the Press Galleries of the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha .
A large part of the stacking is outside the Parliament House .
For the convenience of the members of Parliament , two main refreshment rooms on the first floor and a few small tea , coffee and milk booths , near the passages leading to the Chambers from the Central Hall , are provided .
Other amenities are the railway booking offices , pay office of the State Bank of India , first - aid post , post office , air booking and C . P . W . D . complaint cell .
Several passages of noble words are inscribed on the Parliament building , which are expected to inspire the deliberations in the two Houses .
At the very entrance , a Sanskrit quotation from the Upanishads reminds one of the sovereignty of the nation of which the Parliament is the visible symbol .
Turning round and looking at the dome over the passage to the Central Hall one sees the Arabic quotation which says that it is the people themselves who can shape and mould their destiny Another example , of a stanza in Sanskrit from Panchtantra greets one ' s eyes from above the Gate of the Central Hall which means " That one is mine and the other a stranger is the concept of little minds But to the large - hearted the world itself is their family "
A spacious lounge has been laid out around the water pool .
Telephone exchange , telecom bureau , post office , super bazar are also housed in the basement .
From , the second to the fifth floors , the Secretariats of the Lok Sabha and the Rajya Sabha are located besides the liaison offices of the telephone department , N . D . M . C . and Directorate of Estates for the convenience of the members .
On the terrace floor are situated the Bureau of Parliamentary Studies and Training and the Staff Library .
The ground floor is considered to be one of the most functionally viable areas ideally suited for national and international conferences .
All the five committee rooms are provided with a simultaneous interpretation system as is available in the Lok Sabha and the Rajya Sabha Chambers in the Parliament House .
The pool is the central feature in this area .
A multi - purpose auditorium , a branch of the State Bank of India , a large banquet hall , private dining rooms and refreshment rooms including a milk bar are also located on the ground floor .
The same instrument is used as an intercom and for making external calls .
Arrangements exist during ; inter - session periods for taking tourists , students and other interested persons on a guided tour of the Parliament buildings during specified hours .
The visitors are accompanied by a staff member who guides and briefs them .
Special tours are also arranged for groups of students or others particularly interested in knowing about the working of parliamentary institutions .
In such cases , the Bureau of Parliamentary Studies and Training may hold introductory briefing sessions before the tours .
The number of all the visitors to the Parliament buildings during non - session periods in ten years has varied from 3,000 to nearly 90,000 a year .
We , members of the worldwide movement for the promotion of Esperanto , address this Manifesto to all governments , international organizations and people of good will ; declare our unshakeable commitment to the objectives set out here ; and call on all organizations and individuals to join us in working for these goals .
Various studies have shown that Esperanto is useful as a preparation for learning other languages .
It has also been recommended as a core element in courses in language awareness .
The Esperanto community is almost unique as a worldwide community whose members are universally bilingual or multilingual .
We maintain that the speakers of all languages , large and small , should have a real chance of learning a second language to a high communicative level .
LANGUAGE RIGHTS
The unequal distribution of power between languages is a recipe for permanent language insecurity , or outright language oppression , for a large part of the world ' s population .
In the Esperanto community the speakers of languages large and small , official and unofficial meet on equal terms through a mutual willingness to compromise .
We are a movement for language rights . LANGUAGE DIVERSITY National governments tend to treat the great diversity of languages in the world as a barrier to communication and development .
In the Esperanto community , however , language diversity is experienced as a constant and indispensable source of enrichment .
Consequently every language , like every biological species , is inherently valuable and worthy of protection and support .
We maintain that exclusive reliance on national languages inevitably puts up barriers to the freedoms of expression , communication and association .
We are a movement for human emancipation .
Prague , July 1996
THE INDIA , INTO WHICH CHIDAMBARAM RAMALINGA SWAMIOAL was born , was in the throes of political awakening and cultural regeneration .
The institutions continued by us after Independence and / or embodied in the constitution were those which had grown and developed on the Indian soil itself .
The Founding Fathers chose to build further on the founda - tions of the old , on the institutions which had already grown and which they had known , become familiar with and worked , despite all the limitations and fetters .
Thus the constitution did not represent a complete break with the colonial past .
Also , constitution - making and institution - building being a living , growing and dynamic process , it did not come to a stop on 26 November 1949 when the people of India in their constituent assembly , were said to have the Constitution .
Even after its commencement on 26 January 1950 , the constitution of India was being further made through its actual working , judicial interpretations and constitutional amendments .
The constitution acquired newer and newer meanings by the manner in which and the men by whom it was worked from time to time .
The story continues .
The Constitution of India is unique in many ways .
It has several special features that distinguish it from other Constitutions of the world .
One day , going without food , as he often did , Ramalinga lay sleeping in the open courtyard of the temple when the priest woke him and served him food .
The next morning it transpired that the priest had left Tiruvottriyur two days previously .
One day , when he was resting , an old woman who was spending her last days in the service of the temple , requested him to reassure her in her faith by performing a miracle .
Ramalinga took a handful of sand from the sea - shore and put it into her hand .
When she did this , she found a number of tiny lingas ( symbols of Siva ) in her hand , instead of the sand .
It may be recalled that Pattinattar , the great Saivite saint who lived in the eleventh century A . D . , is said to have disappeared into a linga in Tiruvottriyur .
Size of the Constitution In sheer physical terms , it is the lengthiest Constitution ever given to any nation .
It is a very comprehensive document and includes many matters which could legitimately be the subject matters of ordinary legislation or administrative action .
This happened because the Government of India Act , 1935 , which was after all basically a statute , was used as a model and an initial working draft and large portions of it got reproduced in the Constitution .
Also , the Constitution - makers did not want to leave certain matters subject to doubts , difficulties and controversies to be handled by future legislation .
the United States where in addition to the federal Constitution , each State had its own separate Constitution .
The size , complexities and the diversities of the Indian situation also necessitated several special , temporary , transitional and miscellaneous provisions for certain regions of the country or classes of people .
Not only does the Constitution contain a very comprehensive charter of justiciable fundamental rights , it also delineates the limitations under which these must necessarily operate .
Besides , our Constitution contains a description of several Directive Principles of State Policy and Fundamental Duties of citizens .
Types of Constitution Written or unwritten : Constitutions may be written like the U . S . Constitution or unwritten and based on conventions like the British .
Our Constitution is written even though conventions also play a part in so far as they are in keeping with the provisions of the Constitution .
The bride was the daughter of his sister Unnamulai Ammai , called Dhanammal .
Her age at the time of marriage is not known .
Does he refer to this when , in several poems , he mentions his dread of seeing the fading of his mother ' s brow ?
In a characteristic trembling confession , he rcfers to his celibacy in his poem Ptllai - peruvinnappam ( A Son ' s Supplication ) :
Was it my past deed chasing me ?
Was it Your Grace that guarded me ?
The next to be published , again at the request of Sabapathy Mudaliar , was Manumurai Kanda Vachaham ( A Tale of Justice ) in which Ramalmga gave an expanded version in prose of the story of King Manuchchozhan dispensing justice to a cow , told in the ancient Tamil classic Periya Puranam of Sekkizhar .
This was published by Palayam Subbaraya Chettiar in 1854 for the Society for Religious Education .
This led to Ramalinga ' s edition of Thondamandala Satakum ( A Hundred Songs on Thondamandalam ) of the poet Padikkasan ( who lived in the seventeenth century A . D . ) with his own clarification of the name of the region in the introduction .
This was published by Ayyasami Mudaliar in 1855 .
It is note - worthy that this publication was for free distribution .
Ramalmga settled the name as ' Thondamandalam ' in an exposition as logical and rigorous as any academician might desiie , and in a manner worthy of an epigraphist .
He concluded his thesis with the following words :
Should there be some still unconvinced , I may draw their attention to the stone inscriptions in the temples built by King Athonda where he has had his name mscnbed as Athonda .
They may satisfy themselves by looking into the stone inscriptions in the temples in Tiruvahdayam , Tirumullaivayil and other shrines .
It is to be added that the stone inscriptions in these places bear the name of the region spelt ' Thondamandalam ' .
The third book edited by Ramalinga was Chmmaya Deepikai ( Guide to Spirituality ) of the poet MutthaiyyaSwamigal of Vrid - dhachalam .
This was published by Madurai Mudaliar m 1857 .
The second prose - work of Ramalinga , Jivakarunya Ozhuk - kam ( The Law of Compassion for Life ) was published only after his passing away .
It was years later , after he had left for Vadalur , that a few ardent disciples , through persistent persuasion , were able to get his permission and to issue a definitive edition of his poems .
This book they called Tiru Arut Pa ( Holy Book of Grace ) .
However a considerable number of poems were still left out . spent the days mostly outside the city , returning home only at night .
He records in a poem , written long after he left Madras :
Of the five shrines in Tamil Nadu representing symbolically the five elements ( as recognised in Indian lore , namely , earth , water , fire , air and ether ) Chidambaram represents the ether - manifestationthe most subtle manifestationof God Siva .
An apparent paradox ( or what will appear so to non - Hindu minds ) may be stated and clarified here .
In his boyhood he is stated to have received the giace of Lord Murugan ( or Kandan or Shanmugan or Subrahmanya ) , the diety of the Kandaswamy Temple in Madras , and he also had visions several times of Murugan of Thamhai shrine in the meditation - mirror in his room in Madras .
Then he returned to the worship of Lord Siva of Chidambaram .
In the presence of Lord Nataraja ( Siva ) in Chidambaram he recalled :
It may be that , in the higher reaches , different laws operate .
Ramalinga ' s path of equal vision also establishes man ' s relationship with life in the universe as the obverse of his relationship with God .
In Ramalinga ' s conception , the four prophets of Saivism were exemplars of the four paths , as oriented to GodAppar or Tirunavkkarasar being a servant of God , Gnanasambandar son of God , Sundarar friend of God and Manickkavachahar realizing God within himself as Love .
At the opening of the Sanmarga Veda Dharma Salai ( Free Eating House for the Brotherhood ) in 1867 , a tract of his , Jivakarunva Ozhukkam ( The Law of Compassion ) which he had started writing before 1866 , was read out by Chidamba - ram Venkata Subba Dikshitar .
It contained the following :
People must realize that they must hasten to bring to fruition the rare chance of human birth given to them .
This tract was published by his disciples in 1879 , five years after his passing , It is entitled significantly , Law of Compos sionfor Life , being the first step on the Trite Path , Ramalinga reiterates this teaching in his discourses and in his letters to his disciples .
The fact that vegetarianism exists on a considerable scale in Tamil Nadu to - day is largely owing to Ramalinga Swamigal .
We would refer the reader to the previous chapter ( entitled Society of Universal Brother - hood ) for an exposition of Rama - linga ' s logic in assigning to compassion for life the prime place in spiritual realization , viewing man ' s relationship with the universe as the obverse of his relationship with God .
THE SANMARGA SANGAM ( FELLOWSHIP OF UNIVERSAL Brotherhood ) which Ramalinga founded in 1865 in the second phase of his life in Karunguzhi ( 1858 - 67 ) was the seed of his - third phase in Vadalur ( 1867 - 70 ) .
At the same time , the last years in Karunguzhi saw the fruition of his first two phases in the publication of the greater part of his poems by his disciples .
The book was printed by ' Asiatic Press , 292 , Lingee Chetty Street , Madras ' , financed by Somasundara Chettiar of Mylapore .
During this long - drawn process , Ratna Mudaliar wrote to Ramalinga , in March 1866 , to give him permission to print Ramalinga ' s name as ' Ramalinga Swamigal ( Saint Ramalinga ) .
Ramalinga wrote in reply , ' It goes against my inclination to be paraded as Ramalingaswami .
It seems to me that the epithet is pompous and , as such , to be avoided . '
He consoled himself by saying to his disciples , ' Shall we take the words to mean " Ramalinga who asks Who is the One with Luminous Grace ? " .
( In Tamil the words lend themselves to this interpretation also ) .
At the time of publication of the book , Ramalinga , leaving Karunguzhi for Vadalur , was . already in the next stage of his spiritual development which unrolled itself fully in Vadalur . and subsequently in Mettukkuppam .
Tozhuvur Velayuda Mudahar , in his statement to the Theosophical Society , described Ramalmga in English as follows :
In petsonal appeaiance , Ramalmga was a modeiately tall , spare manso spare indeed as to virtually appear a skeletonyet withal a strong man , erect in statute , and walking very lapidly , with a face of clear brown complexion , a straight thin nose , very laige ftery eyes , and with a look of constant sorrow on his face .
Towaids the end he let his han grow long ; and what is rather unusual with yogis , he wore shoes .
His gaiments consisted but of two pieces of white cloth .
His habits weie excessively abstemious .
He was known to hardly ever take any rest .
A strict vegetarian , he ate but once in two or three days , and was then satisfied with a few mouthfuls of rice .
A fascinating face , strangely haunting , eyes beaming with compassion and grace .
He shunned indulgence in clothing :
In the early years he ate twice a day .
Later it was reduced to once in two or three days , and only a few mouthfuls at a time .
It is stated that in his youth he slept three hours a day , subsequently two hours , and then one hour , and finally , his disciples aver that he dispensed with sleep completely .
He addresses God as ' You who banished sleep for me ' .
He says he is apprehensive of sleeping :
I loathe the slothful sleep that comes night or day .
He banishes sleep :
Was it entanglement in the world ?
You monkey mind , you foolish idiot , get away !
Stop playing pranks here that you play with others !
Spending days and nights in meditation and composing poems , he gave discourses in the house or in the Sabha after night - fall , and they flocked to listen to him .
In Venkata Reddiar ' s house in Karunguzhi , the mistress of the house , Mulhiyalammal herself used to light the lamp in his room and keep near it a mud pot of oil , with which to replenish the lamp .
One day , the mouth of the pot having broken , Muthiyalammal wanted to change it .
Then she left the house for the next village .
When Muthiyalammal returned the next morning , she found Ramalinga absorbed in writing , and the lamp burning .
She discovered his mistake which , without any conscious volition on his part , had resulted in this miracle .
One could fill pages with miracles attributed to him by legend , but it will be wearisome .
The judge asked the ascetic , ' Who hit you ? '
' Yes , ' said the ascetic , ' The man who brought me here hit me with a stone . '
The judge understood that no better clari - fication would be available from the ascetic .
Then , on his own , he gave the proper sentence to the man who had hit the ascetic .
During his stay in Cuddalore , Ramalinga had a chance encounter with a leader of Brahmo Samaj .
The debate was noted down by Nayana Reddiar of Alappakkam who stated that it was a verbatim record of the debate .
This was published under the same title by Sanmarga Mitnnelra Kazhaham ( Society for the Propagation of the True Path ) in 1893 .
On 16 January 1867 , Ramalinga was present at a festival in Tiruppapuliyur , near Cuddalore , on the bank of the river Pannai .
The local people had been exposed to his speeches before .
Ramalinga briefly said , ' Those who have started knowing Brahman should continue further . Those who have started idol worship should continue likewise .
Some among the crowd turned to Naicker and said , ' Please let us have your view , and kindly establish it . '
He said he preferred that the matter be settled between him and Ramalinga by correspondence .
Drawn out , Naicker declared , ' To worship an idol seems idle and childish .
This has the sanction of the Vedas and the Great Utterances , ' said Ramalinga .
Naicker was silent .
' Is there nothing which can be perceived by the mind , that cannot be perceived by the senses ? '
' You must tell me , ' said Ramalinga .
' In that sense , the senses can convey bliss to the mind , ' said Ramalinga .
' The bliss conveyed through the eyes , through the ears and other senses have been recognised by our sages .
He told them ( in words that have been recorded ) : ' I opened my shop .
Now I am in this body .
Soon all bodies shall be mine . '
Then came Friday of the eighth lunar asterism , 30 January 1874 . As night set in , he called his followers together and said ( in words recorded ) : '
I shall remain shut in the room for ten to fifteen days .
He will not reveal me .
The last declaiation is reterated ten times in the ten verses of the poem .
It is held by those who still believe in him that he was miraculously made one with his God and that in the fullness of time he will reappear to the faithful .
One of his disciples , Dandapani Swamigal has recorded in a poem , reiterating the statement in each of its eleven stanzas , that he had been told by Ramalingathat he would come again to the world .
Tokens of grace of the great Dancing Lord .
Adult Franchise Dr .
Ambedkar said in the Constituent Assembly that by parliamentary democracy we mean ' one man , one vote ' .
Almost as an act of faith , the founding fathers decided to opt for universal adult suffrage with every adult Indian without any distinction at once having equal voting rights .
Charter of Fundamental Rights One of the most fundamental demands of the leaders of our national struggle for independence was that of the people having some basic human rights of freedom , equality etc .
The problems of minorities accentuated the need of having a formal declaration of certain justiciable fundamental rights in the text of the Constitution itself .
By and large , the fundamental rights incorporated in Part III of the Constitution are the inviolable rights of the individual against the State .
Any law or executive action depriving an individual citizen of his freedom , for example , can be challenged in the Supreme Court or High Courts .
It would be held unconstitutional and invalid unless it is covered by any of the restrictions spelled out again in the Constitution itself .
Thus , the Constitution also lays down the machinery and mechanism for the enforcement of fundamental rights .
Later he installed such mirrors in the Vadalur Hall as well as in the Siddhi Vilakam House .
The Katha Upanishad says that in the embodied self Brahman can be perceived distinctly as an image in a mirror .
The clarity depends on As in a mirror , so ( Brahman may be seen clearly ) here in this body ; as in a dream , in the world of the fathers ; as in the water , he is seen in the world of Gandharvas ; as in light and shade ( i . e . as distinctly as light is seen from darkness ) in the world of Brahma .
Katha Upanishad , Valli 6 , Verse 5 ( Tr : Author ) For a proper understanding of the body - lamp concept one may go back to the Upanishads :
As a mirror , lustrous by nature but stained by dust , shines when it is cleaned , so the embodied one , on seeing clearly the nature of the Self , becomes one with his purpose achieved , and freed from sorrow .
When one , having attained to yoga , sees clearly the real nature of Brahman through the real nature of the self which can be compared to a lamp , then knowing God , the unborn , steadfast , free from every nature , one is released from all fetters .
Svetasvatara Upanishad , II , 14 &amp; 15 ( Tr : T . M . P . Mahadevan ) The nearest expression of the nature of Brahman , the sole universal Reality , the pure , transcendental , metaphysical essence which is beyond all attributes , all changes , all personal masks , which is self - effulgent and free , is given in the words sat - chit - ananda and Tejas or Jyoti .
Zoologist Gordon Paterson and his team here have been studying the deep sea to map its biology and understand how changes in the environment affect this unexplored ecosystem .
A hostile habitat
At temperatures of 2C , without sunlight , and at immense pressure , the deep sea is an alien environment to us .
We might have expected only a few species to be able to live there .
When Gordon and his colleagues collected samples from the seabed , they were amazed by the diversity of animal species they found - a diversity that rivals anything found on land and in shallow water .
How do so many different species survive in such a hostile environment ?
One explanation for the astonishing diversity of animal species in the deep sea is the Mosaic theory - this suggests that the constant changes in the environment maintains the diversity .
Constant environments tend to lead towards a small number of dominant species , where diversity is low .
The deep sea is far from a constant environment : deep - sea storms , predators and food - falls from above frequently disturb the animals living in the mud .
How do scientists use and test theories to discover knowledge about the natural world ?
That Subramanya Bharati , the first poet of the present era , follows faithfully the pioneer track o ' Ramalinga will be clear to any student who studies them in depth . '
In brief , Ramalinga was the harbinger of the modern Tamil Renaissance , of which the neoteric voice was Subramanya Bharati .
A parallel may be drawn between the Ramalinga - Bharati pair and the Gandhi - Nehru or the Ramakrishna - Vivekananda .
The quality of Ramalinga ' s poetry is well described in the tribute that his foremost pupil , Thozhuvur Velayuda Mudaliar , paid him ( in Tamil ) :
HISTORY and legend , fact and myth are so inextricably blended in Indian tradition that it is not always easy to say where the one ends and the other begins .
And so when we trace the genealogy of even such a remarkable family as the Tagores we are soon lost in the mists of popular tradition and family lore through which we have to pick our way gingerly backwards .
By the middle of the 8th century , after a long period of political unrest and religious and social chaos , Bengal was consolidated as a powerful Hindu kingdom .
The progeny of these five Brahmins whose names are - remembered to this day made the new racial aristocracy of Bengal which has continued since then .
Historians have little to say of this interesting and colossal eugenic experiment which has made Bengal what it is .
However , one of the five Brahmins was named Daksha and is reputed to be an ancestor of the Tagores .
History is full of ironies .
At the end of the 12th century Bengal was overrun by Turko - Afghans from the west and in course of time came to be ruled as a province of the Muslim Emperor in Delhi .
Many Hindus were converted to Islam , some by force , some lured by greed to share the power of the new masters .
Two of his trusted officers were the Brahmin brothers , Kamadev and Jayadev , descendants in direct line , after many generations and vicissitudes unrecorded by history , of the legendary ancestor Daksha .
One dayso the story goesduring the observance of Ramazan fast , seeing Pir Ali Khan smell a lemon Kamadev jestingly remarked , " According to our religious code smelling is half - eating .
You have therefore violated your fast . "
Pir Ali Khan said nothing , but having been born a Hindu the words rankled in his mind .
Some days later he invited the Brahmin brothers , with several other Hindus , to a music concert in the Governor ' s palace .
In a room adjoining the hall where the audience was listening to music , a feast of choice Muslim dishes which included beef was laid on the table .
A panic ensued and the Hindus fled , covering their noses . But the stigma remained . Since then the Tagore family is said to have fallen in the hierarchy of caste and is referred to derogatively as Pirali Brahmins .
Having lost the " purity " of caste the family found it difficult to live in a community which gave it little quarter .
The predicament was particularly galling when it came to finding suitable husbands for the daughters .
And so the family , hounded from their ancestral home , wandered from place to place , each member seeking fortune for himself and husbands for the daughters .
He would be a bold Brahmin who accepted the daughter of such a family .
Such a bold fellow was one Jagannath Kushari who married a niece of the ill - fated brothers Kamadev and Jayadev whose indiscreet jest had caused all the trouble .
Jagannath Kushari had to pay a heavy price for this temerity , for he too was obliged to leave his home .
It was a descendant in the male line of this bold and rash man who is said to have founded the Tagore family .
His name was Panchanan Kushari .
Exile and social persecution had made the descendants defiant and adventurous .
Having lost the pride of caste , they lost their fear too , for not much else was left to lose .
Since they could not be more holy they decided to be more human and seek the other good things that life and the times made possible .
Unheard - of things were happening in the country .
White men from across the seas had opened a factory and trading centre on the banks of the holy Ganges and such was their power and prestige that even the Muslim rulers thought it prudent to keep on good terms with them .
So Panchanan and his uncle Sukhdev left home in the last decade of the 17th century , as their forefathers had done earlier , and settled down in a village called Govindpur on the bank of the Ganges , not far from the British settlement .
Govindpur was at that time a small fishing village whose inhabitants were all of the so - called low caste .
Seeing a Brahmin family settle in their midst they felt elated and gave the uncle and his nephew all the honour due to their caste .
Panchanan was always addressed by them as Panchanan Thakur , as the Brahmins are often addressed even to this day .
He had found a lucrative occupation in supplying provisions to the foreign ships that sailed up the river .
The British and other foreigners had thus ample opportunities of dealing with him and naturally assumed , as most foreigners would still do , that Thakur was Panchanan ' s surname or family name .
So they referred to him as Mr Thakur and unable to articulate the unfamiliar name , pronounced it as Tagore .
Its fortunes were from the beginning linked with the rise of the British power in India .
As this power and commerce grew , what was originally a group of fishing villages became the rich and prosperous city of Calcutta , and the fortune of the Tagore family grew with it .
The family fortune reached its peak in the life and career of Dwarkanath Tagore , the grandfather of poet Rabindranath .
Born in 1794 , Dwarkanath was only thirteen years old when his father died .
Handsome , versatile and enterprising , he was a romantic figure who in an earlier age would probably have carved out a kingdom for himself and become a prince .
Prince , however , he came to be called because of his magnificent way of living and his large public charities .
His extensive business covered many fields , indigo factories , saltpetre , sugar , tea , coalmines , etc .
At home in the joint family the orthodox and traditional ways of life were maintained and the household deity was scrupulously worshipped morning and evening .
Outside the family quarters were spacious reception rooms and banquet halls hung with chandeliers where the master of the family entertained his friends and visitors , where wine flowed freely , where the ornamented hookah was always ready with fragrant tobacco , where famous musicians vied with one another in displaying their virtuosity and the professional dancing girls their charms .
In the heart of Calcutta in the quarter known as Jorasanko the family mansion of the Tagores still stands , now a seat of learning , a grateful nation ' s monument to Dwarkanath ' s illustrious grandson .
What no longer stands is the stately edifice which Dwarkanath had built on the adjoining land where he entertained friends and guests and all the leading lions of the then ruling society of Calcutta .
No less lavish and extravagant were his charities .
Citizenship In keeping with their aim of building an integrated Indian fraternity and a united nation , the founding fathers provided for one single citizenship despite the federal structure .
Unlike the U . S . , there was to be no separate citizenship of the Union and of the States and all citizens were entitled to same rights all over the country without any discrimination subject to a few special protections in case of the State of Jammu and Kashmir , tribal areas etc .
Fundamental Duties The 42nd Amendment to the Constitution inter alia added a new Part to the Constitution under the head Fundamental Duties .
In as much as there can be no rights without corresponding duties and rights of citizens have no meaning without respect for political obligations of the citizens towards the State .
Independent Judiciary The Constitution of India establishes an independent judiciary .
The High Courts and the Supreme Court form a single integrated judicial structure with jurisdiction over all laws - Union , State , Civil , Criminal or Constitutional .
Unlike the U . S . , we do not have separate federal and State court systems .
It not only adjudicates disputes and acts as the custodian of individual rights and freedoms but may from time to time need to interpret the Constitution and review legislation to determine its vires vis - a - vis the Constitution .
The word of the Supreme Court is the final law of the land .
From his sick bed Amal watches the procession of life in the street outside and longs to participate in it .
The village postman jokingly assures him that he will bring him a letter from the King .
Death brings deliverance and innocent faith its final reward .
But the child Rabi was more robust than Amal and survived the neglect of his parents and the tyranny of the servants .
It was a common jingle in Bengali meaning " The rain patters , the leaf quivers , " but to the child it was a first revelation of the magic of poetrythe first poem of the Arch Poet , as he described it later .
" Whenever the joy of that day comes back to me even now , I realise why rhyme is so needful in poetry .
Because of it the words come loan end , and yet do not end ; the utterance is over , but not its ring ; and the ear and the mind , can go on and on with their game of tossing the rhyme to each other .
Thus did the rain patter and the leaves quiver again and again , the livelong day in my consciousness . "
The Supreme Court also functions as the arbiter of any disputes in regard to jurisdiction and distribution of powers between the States or between the Union and the States .
Conclusion The Constitution of India is a most comprehensive document .
It is unique in many ways .
It cannot be fitted in any particular mould or model .
It is a blend of the rigid and the flexible , federal and unitary and presidential and parliamentary .
It attempts a balance between the fundamental rights of the individual on the one hand and the socio - economic interests of the people and security of the State on the other .
Also , it presents a via media between the principles of parliamentary sovereignty and judicial supremacy .
While many Constitutions of nations framed after the Second World War have floundered and gone into oblivion , our Constitution has successfully faced many crises and survived .
This itself is evidence of its resilience , dynamism and growth potential .
The Preamble to a Constitution is expected to embody the fundamental values and the philosophy on which the Constitution is based and the aims and objectives which the founding fathers enjoined the polity to strive to achieve .
A tutor had been engaged to teach him elementary reading and writing at home but the arrangement came to a premature end .
When the child found that his elder brother and a nephew were going to school in a carriage , he started to howl for the same privilege .
The exasperated tutor gave him " a resounding slap " and said , " You ' re crying to go to school now ; you ' ll have to cry a lot more to be let off later . "
The child had his way but it did not take him long to discover that no truer prophecy was ever uttered .
The first school he thus went to was known as the Oriental Seminary .
What he learnt there he was never able to recall but the ingenious methods of punishment practised to drill learning into the children left a vivid impression on his mind and on his limbs .
My only consolation is that I had not the power of venting these barbarities on any sentient creature . "
Soon after , while he was still in his seventh year , he was admitted to Normal School , supposed to be a model school fashioned on the British , pattern .
" His companions tried to show off the infant prodigy and when he recited the verse in which he lamented that as one swims forward to pluck the lotus its floats further and further away on the waves raised by one ' s own arms and thus remains always out of reach , the elders smiled and said , " The boy has no doubt a gift for writing . "
Though the child had less " than enough of parents ' company and of maternal care , his education was by no means neglected .
The day ' s routing was well packed with lessons .
He was wakened up while it was still dark and made to practise wrestling with a celebrated one - eyed professional wrestler .
Hardly was the wrestling bout over and the dust removed for the body when a Student from the Medical college turned up to teach him " the lore of bones " .
A human skeleton hung on the wall of the room and the child had to learn by jaw - breaking Latin names of the various bones . ( The weird memory of the skeleton was later transfigured into a haunting short story . )
At seven in the morning the mathematic tutor came and , slate in hand , the boy had to work out problems in arithmetic , algebra and geometry .
Sometimes there would be a lesson in natural science illustrated with simple experiments , followed by lessons in Bengali and Sanskrit .
Knowing by the tone of his voice what answer he desired , the child invariably answered in the negative .
The offer was never repeated .
My constitution was so abominably sound that even when the most urgent need arose for avoiding school , I could never make myself ill by fair means or foul .
He would save not only food bills but doctor s bills also . "
The reputation reached the ear of the teacher in the Normal School who one day sent for little Rabi and ordered him to write a poem on some moral precept which he set down .
When the child complied and brought the verses the next day he was made to recite them before the whole class .
" The only praiseworthy thing about this moral poem was that it soon got lost , " recalled the author .
" Its moral effect on the class was far from moral .
He was summoned by his father who asked him if he would like to accompany him to the Himalayas .
The next few days were spent in excitement .
For the first time a full suit of clothes was ordered for him , including a gold embroidered velvet cap .
And so one day , thus handsomely attired , the boy accompanied his father on the first great adventure of his life .
Their first halt was Santiniketan , now known internationally as a seat of learning , at that time its very name unknown .
Little did the boy know that the spot he was visiting would be intimately linked with his life and would be known the world over as the scene of his biggest creative experiment .
Its history is almost coeval with that of Rabindranath .
Getting down at Bolpur which was then , as it still is , the nearest railway station he proceeded in a palanquin and as the sun was about to set found himself in an open plain bereft of vegetation , stretching to the western horizon with nothing to break the view of the setting sun except a thin row of wild palms lining the horizon .
But the Maharshi did not blame or chide the boy .
It was here that sprawling under a young coconut palm Rabi wrote his first verse - drama on a historical theme dealing with the defeat of the romantic warrior , the last great Hindu king of Delhi , Prithviraj .
" In spite of the superabundance of its martial spirit , " recalled the amused author later , " it could not escape an early death " .
From Santiniketan the father and son left for western Himalayas , visiting several places on the way , their longest halt being Amritsar , a city sacred to the Sikhs .
The Maharshi was an admirer of the Sikh faith and regularly visited the golden temple , accompanied by his son , and often joined in the community singing of the hymns .
This early " training in reverence for other religions helped to broaden the child ' s sympathies which were later to attain such wide dimensions .
By the time father and son reached the foot of theHimalayas it was April .
Their destination was Dalhousie , at that time a snjall cluster of bungalows over 7,000 ft . above the sea .
Justice is further defined as social , economic and political .
In fact , justice , liberty , equality and fraternity are the most essential concomitants of a truly democratic order and therefore only elucidate the concept of a democratic republic .
The words used in the Preamble of our Constitution are some of the noblest .
They embody the highest values that human ingenuity and experience have been able to devise thus far .
Where the words were found to be vague or their meaning was unclear , help of the Preamble could be taken to understand the intention of the framers and find out whether a particular word was used in a wide or narrow context .
To have been in that fabled region and in the company of the fabulous Maharshi was an order of merit which immediately raised the boy ' s status in the family .
The servants ' regime was at an end .
He was now welcome in the inner apartments where the proud mother was only too glad to show off her young prodigy to the other ladies who were all eager to listen to his adventures .
The inner apartments had become the more alluring ever since the new bride had entered its portals , " slender gold bracelets on her delicate brown hands " his elder brother Jyotirindranath ' s wife , Kadambari .
She was only a little older than Rabi who longed to be her playmate .
" I circled round her at a safe distance , but I did not dare go near . "
She who came from outside to become one of them , who was unknown and yet their own , attracted him strangely and he yearned to make friends with her .
But as soon as he drew near , the youngest sister would snap at him , " What d ' you boys want hereoff you go ! " The humiliation made the disappointment more galling . All this was now changed .
The unwelcome intruder had suddenly become an interesting visitor .
Every one wanted to listen to the story of his travels and the little romancer had no scruples to make it more colourful by a deft touch here and there .
The tutors soon found to their cost that while it was easy to take the horse to the water ' s edge , it was not easy to make it drink .
The Bengali tutor soon discovered an effective way of dealing with the truant pupil .
Having read a couple of scenes from Macbeth with him , he would lock him up in a room and set the prisoner free only after the latter had rendered in Bengali verse the scenes previously read with him .
Thus the whole play was rendered into Bengali versethe budding poet ' s first tribute to the great English dramatist .
Unfortunately , the manuscript has not survived ; only the first portion , the translation of the Witches Scene , published seven years later , in 1880 , in the literary journal , Bharati , is extant .
Dramas were written and acted inside the house and music was in the air .
Young Rabi read voraciously whatever fell into his hands and listened eagerly to the compositions and conversations of his elders .
The newly awakened consciousness of the intelligentsia and its inevitable counterpart , the rising tide of nationalism , had found expression , a few years earlier in 1867 , in the organisation of an annual cultural - cum - political festival known as the Hindu Mela , the Bengali precursor of the Indian National Congress founded eighteen years later .
Like other progressive movements of Bengal of that period , this too had been sponsored by the Tagore family .
In February 1876 , young Rabi , aged fourteen , recited a patriotic poem at this annual festival .
The poem was published in the Amrita Bazar Patrika , then an Anglo - Bengali weekly .
This was not only Rabi ' s first public appearance but also the first occasion when his name appeared in print over his poem .
Encouraged by the success he repeated the triumph by reciting another poem , " Prakritir Khed " ( Nature ' s Lament ) , in public .
Thus there grew up between the motherless boy and this childless lady a warm affection and friendship which satisfied and sublimated the pent - up , chaotic yearnings of his adolescence and warmed his wayward genius into fruitfulness .
While she supplied the emotional stimulus and the caressing warmth and shade which he needed most at that age , it was her husband Jyotirindranath who gave the first necessary discipline and direction to his nebulous and uniformed talent .
Himself at the peak of his creative powers , Jyotirindranath took young Rabi under his wing and made him an apprentice in the workshop of his genius .
He sat at the piano and made Rabi sing ; he composed new melodies and encouraged his young brother to improvise verses to fit the tune ; he read to him first drafts of his dramas and gave him confidence by incorporating in them Rabi ' s suggestions and even compositions ; he staged these dramas and made his brother act in them .
He did not allow the difference between their age to stand in the way of the younger brother ' s full freedom of expression , either in intellectual discussion or in literary creation .
This healthy and stimulating companionship enabled Rabi to shake off the diffidence which the repressed years of his infancy had given him .
For myself at least I can truly say that what little mischief resulted from my freedom always led the way to the means of curing mischief .
I have never been able to make my own anything which they tried to compel me to swallow by getting hold of me , physically or mentally , by the ears .
In Sajjan Singh V . State of Rajasthan , Justice Mad - holkar said that the Preamble had the stamp of of the broad features of the Constitution which were an amplification or concreti - zatiorv of the concepts set out in the Preamble .
The earlier Supreme Court opinion regarding the Preamble not being a part of the Constitution , perhaps needed reconsideration .
It was felt that attention should be paid to the intention of the framers of the Constitution as expressed through the Preamble .
In Golak Nath v . State of Punjab , Justice Hidyatullah observed that the Preamble to the Constitution epitomized principles on which the Government was to function .
As held by the Supreme Court later in Bharti Chandra Bhavan v . State of Mysore ( AIR 1970SC 2042 ) the scope of the Directive Principles and the Fundamental Rights also could be better understood in the light of the objectives enshrined in the Preamble .
In the Berubari case , it seems , the Supreme Court did not realise that as contradistinguished from a Preamble to an Act which is not discussed or voted in the Houses of the Legislature , the Preamble to our Constitution was fully discussed , duly enacted and adopted by the Constituent Assembly just like any other part of the Constitution .
Justice Sikri said that the legislative history of the Preamble to the Constitution justified its importance .
Thus under the warmth of affection and encouragement , the fountain of ' Rabi ' s poetic exuberance was released .
He was now fourteen and his first long narrative poem in eight cantos , running to over 1600 lines , was published in a literary magazine , Gyanankur .
Like Sakuntala her playmates were the wild plants and denizens of the forest and like Miranda she had not set her eyes on any other human being save her father .
The father dies and she is left an orphan , disconsolate .
A young traveller passes by and struck by her loveliness and her plight takes her home with him and marries her .
But Kamala unused to living among men finds it hard to adjust herself to the conventions of society and pines for her beloved forest in the mountains .
She is , however , greatly attracted by her husband ' s friend Nirad , a young and handsome poet , and in her innocence confesses her love for him .
Though Nirad is also secretly in love with her he is shocked by her frank avowal and spurning her in anger goes away , only to be killed by his friend , Kamala ' s husband , who suspects him of seducing his wife .
Kamala is heart - broken at this murder and leaving her husband and home keeps vigil by the dead body of Nirad .
But having known human love she is unable to find peace in solitude and finally jumps from a snowy peak into the river below .
The waves like a mother ' s arms take back the child to its bosom .
Its aim was the political liberation of India and was modelled after Mazzini ' s Carbonari .
Its sittings were held " in a tumbledown building in an obscufe Calcutta lane " and its proceedings were shrouded in mystery .
" This mystery was its only claim to be awe - inspiring , for as a matter of fact there was nothing in our deliberations or doings of which government or people need have been afraid . "
Jyotirindranath was incorrigibly romantic and his fertile imagination lured him to incredible adventures , sometimes with Quixotic consequences .
His own rendezvous with destiny petered out but it helped indeed to stimulate his brother ' s many - sided interests , not the least of which was his passionate concern in his nation ' s freedom .
At the same time a terrible famine raged over the land and numberless skeletons haunted the countryside .
This ghastly contrast was the theme of a satirical poem written by Rabi and read on the occasion of the Hindu Mela of that year .
Like everything else he put his hand to , this magazine blazed a new trail in Bengali literature .
Young Rabi had now a family forum at his disposal , though he needed little incentive to scribble .
The fountain had been released and there was no holding back the gushing spray , with its bubble and froth , His first short story , Bhikarini ( The Beggar Maid ) , an unfinished novel , Karuna ( Pity ) , a historical drama in blank verse , Rudrachanda , a long narrative poem in blank verse , Kavi Kahini ( A Poet ' s Story ) , a sheaf of songs in arlhaic style and many poems , articles , studies in western literature and translations poured from his pen , as fast as he could scribble .
About these outpourings most of which he ruthlessly discarded from his Collected Works in mature years , he has said : " My mind had nothing in it but hot vapour , and vapour - filled bubbles frothed and eddied round a vortex of lazy fancy , aimless and unmeaning .
No forma were evolved , there was only the distraction of movement , a bubbling up , a bursting back into froth . "
He wrote this harsh self - appraisal at a time when he had already achieved the mastery of word and form , so that these early attempts must have made him blush for their crude effusions .
And yet some of them are not devoid of intrinsic merit and are of considerable interest as illustrating the nebulous state , not only of his genius but of that literary period in Bengal when the old forms and values were dead or dying and the new ones had yet to take shape with this new star .
Then he realises that he had never ceased to love her and that it was this love that he was vainly seeking elsewhere .
However , it is too late .
Nalini dies and the poet is left to philosophise on universal love .
While this long narrative effusion bears an unmistakable impress of Rabi ' s reading of the English romantic poets , the other major attempt of this period , the sheaf of songs entitled Bhanusimha Thakurer Padavali ( Songs of Bhanu Singh Thakur ) hzis an altogether different impress .
The three major literary influences on the poetic development of Rabindranath may be said to be the impact of Sanskrit literature , of medieval Vaishnav poetry and of Western literature .
As the confluence of three rivers makes the spot sacred in India , so these three diverse streams met and mingled and made Rabindranath ' s poetry what it became .
Bhanusimha Thakurer Padavali bears witness to the impact of Vaishnav religious poetry on this boy poet .
How much of its religious philosophy he understood it is difficult say ; but despite the antipathy of his upbringing to its symbolism based on the worship of a human god , he had an intuitive appreciation of its underlying deep humanism .
Although the basic elements were not precisely defined , those mentioned in the Preamble were specifically included .
Thus , it has been established that the basic elements or features of the Constitution as contained in the Preamble cannot be altered by any amendment under article 368 .
But , even though the Preamble is now taken to be an inviolable part of the Constitution , it also remains a fact that it is neither a source of any power nor a limitation thereon .
First asserted in the Berubari case ,
During the Emergency , the Forty - Second Constitution Amendment Act of 1976 added to the Preamble the words ' socialist ' and ' secular ' .
Also , ' unity of the Nation ' was amended to read ' unity and integrity of the Nation ' .
The only place from where the residence of sovereignty and the source of the Constitution itself can be ascertained is the Preamble .
The words ' We the People ' remind us of the opening words of the Preamble of the U . S . Constitution .
It was sought to be stressed that we were one nation and had one Constitution and one polity .
Unlike the United States and Australia , where sovereignty is divided between the Union or the Commonwealth and the States , each being sovereign in the sphere assigned to it by the Constitution .
The Union can override the States in national interest during emergencies .
Even during normal times it can invade the States ' sphere by legislating on subjects in the State list under article 249 .
But , our founding fathers at the very outset provided for the indestructibility of the Union and for States having no right to secede from the Union .
Each time species are eradicated from an area of the seabed , species from neighbouring patches recolonise it .
This constant change means that species on the seabed rarely become dominant in one area .
Being so hard to study , theories about the seabed are hard to test .
However , the Mosaic theory is currently the best theory by which ocean scientists can explain the patterns of life they find on the seabed .
Huge plant diversity
Coral reefs , pine savannas , lowland rainforests and dripping cloud forests are just a few of the different environments in the Mesoamerica region .
Convention on Biodiversity
The Convention on Biological Diversity , developed after the Rio Earth Summit in 1992 , aims to preserve our precious biological diversity .
It puts an obligation on national governments to protect their region ' s natural resources .
In the Kesavananda Bharti and Minerva Mills cases , secularism came to be mentioned as a basic feature .
Also , it was inherent in the guarantee of freedom of religion as a fundamental right .
The Constitution ( 45th Amendment ) Bill sought to lay down that secular and democratic character of the Constitution would be regarded as being among the basic features of the Constitution .
However , before the Bill was enacted as the 44th Amendment , the list of basic features was dropped .
In the Shah Banu case , the law - makers yielded to the pressure of fundamentalist Muslim opinion and much against the letter and spirit of the constitutional precepts of secularism or equal justice for all , Muslim Women ( Protection of Right of Divorce ) Act , 1986 was brought in to nullify the Supreme Court judgement .
Notwithstanding anything , the only operative interpretation of the term ' secular ' in Indian Constitutional Law now would be what can be gathered from the different provisions of the Constitution e . g . articles 14 , 15 , 16 , 19 , 25 to 28 , 44 etc .
The preamble itself even in its original unamended form contained the concept of liberty inter alia that of belief , - faith and worship .
People , thus , exercised their power directly in deciding matters of State and this kind of polity could be called direct popular democracy .
In this case , both legal and political sovereignty could be said to vest in the people .
But with the gradual increase in the size and population of the political units and ultimately with the advent of the modern nation - states , it became impossible to arrange for all the people to assemble at a place to discuss matters of State and arrive at decisions smoothly .
Also , matters of legislation and State administration grew more and more complex .
All forms of direct democracy , therefore , soon became practically extinct from all over the world .
There may be a few referenda on very major international issues in some places .
Also , there have been provisions in constitutions of some countries ( e . g . France , Ireland , Japan and Switzerland ) where - under referendum is provided for constitutional amendments .
Modern democracy thus has of necessity to be indirect representative democracy whereunder government is carried on and laws are made by the elected representatives of the people .
Thus , while democratic polity becomes one of the basic features of our Constitution which cannot be altered by any constitutional amendment , there are many variants of democracy which can be considered equally representative and legitimate .
Political justice means equal share to all citizens in the rights to participation in the political process without any distinction of race , caste , creed , religion or place of birth .
Article 16 guarantees equality of opportunity in matters of public employment and articles 325 and 326 provide for equal rights to all adults to participate in elections .
Founding fathers like Nehru and Ambedkar were quite clear in their minds that political justice was meaningless without economic justice .
Dr .
Liberty Derived from the Latin word ' liber ' .
It meant absence of restraint on freedom of trade and enter - prize , equality of opportunity in trade and business , freedom of contract and competition .
Article 17 as a fundamental right was directed at abolishing the practice of untouchability which was an affront to human dignity .
To enforce any of his fundamental rights and his individual dignity a person could approach even the Supreme Court directly .
Unity and Integrity of the Nation In order to safeguard the dignity of the individual , we need to build the nation and protect its unity and integrity .
It was only through a spirit of common brotherhood and fraternity that we could hope to build national unity in a highly pluralistic and heterogenous society .
Also , without unity and integrity of the nation , we could not succeed in our efforts at economic development and could not hope to preserve either democracy or the independence of the country and the honour of the countrymen .
Article 51 A , therefore , appropriately makes it the duty of every citizen to uphold and protect the sovereignty , unity and integrity of India .
At least in matters which involve threat to the unity and integrity of the nation , it is expected of every citizen to forget all differences and rise above all considerations of self - interest .
If this does not happen , nation building becomes an impossibility .
Conclusion Thus , an analysis of the various concepts and terms in the Preamble shows that the noble words of our Preamble represent the quintessence , the philosophy , the ideals or the soul of the entire Constitution of India .
Other parts and provisions of the Constitution are only an elaboration and an attempt to give concrete shape , content and meaning to the words of the Preamble .
How do our scientists name a new species ?
How does it fit into our current understanding of the natural world ?
What is the Darwin Centre ?
How will it change in the future ?
Our millions of specimens need constant care - how do we look after them ?
Collecting &amp; society
Why are these collections kept at this Museum ?
How do we collect and study specimens ?
How do researchers carry out their scientific studies ?
Specimens &amp; knowledge
Our collections contain over 60 million specimens from the living world - what kinds of things are they ?
What scientific research do we do at the Museum ?
How does it benefit the world ?
Constitution of a country lays down the basic structure of the political system under which its people are to be governed .
It establishes the main organs of the state - the legislature , the executive and the judiciary , defines their powers , demarcates their responsibilities and regulates their relationships with each other and with the people .
In a democracy , sovereignty vests in the people .
But , with the growing complexities of administration and the size of the nation - states , direct democracy is no more feasible .
In the modern representative democracies , people exercise their inalienable right to decide how and by whom they should be governed .
Clauses 3 and 4 of article 15 embody exceptions to the general principles of non - discrimination .
They respectively empower the State to make special provisions for women and children and for the advancement of any socially and educationally backward classes of citizens or for the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes .
( See Yusuf Abdul Aziz v . State of Bombay , AIR 1954 SC 321 ; Girdhar v . State , AIR 1953 MB 147 ; State of Madras v . Champakam Dorairajan , AIR 1951 SC 226 ) .
However , inspite of these special provisions , it has been held that the general prohibition under article 14 would nevertheless apply to such cases also ; the special provisions which the State makes should not be arbitrary or unreasonable .
As held by the Supreme Court , the caste of a person cannot be the sole test for ascertaining whether a particular class is a backward class or not .
In Chitralekha v . Mysore ( AIR 1964 SC 1823 ) it ruled that though caste is a relevant circumstance in ascertaining the backwardness of a class , there is nothing to preclude the authority concerned from determining the special backwardness of a group of citizens if it can do so without reference to caste .
The Uttar Pradesh Government had made reservation of seats for admission to Medical Colleges in the State in favour of candidates hailing from the rural areas , Hill and Uttarakhand areas .
The Supreme Court in State of U . P . v . Pradeep Tandon ( AIR 1975 SC 563 ) held that while reservation for candidates coming from rural areas was unconsti - Dr .
Maulana Abul Kalam Azad and Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru at a session of the Constituent Assembly .
It observed that these areas were instances of socially and educationally backward - class citizens .
It held that reservation for 80 per cent of the State ' s population which was in ' rural areas ' could not be a homogenous class by itself .
Chanchala v . Mysore , AIR 1971 SC 1762 ) .
It declared that more than 50 per cent reservation of posts in a single year would be unconstitutional as it per se destroyed article 16 ( 1 ) .
The Mandal Commission had in its report recommended 27 per cent reservation for backward classes in view of the limit of 50 per cent imposed by the Supreme Court .
Reservations may also not be advisable in higher posts like those of professors in education , pilots in Airlines , Scientists and technicians in nuclear and space application etc .
The third exception to the general rule of equality of opportunity in public employment is contained in clause 5 of article 16 which provides that a law may prescribe that the incumbent of an office in connection with the affairs of a religious or denominational institution , or a member of the governing body thereof shall belong to the particular religion or denomination .
Abolition of Untouchability Article 17 abolishes and forbids its practice in any form .
If practised , it shall be treated as an offence punishable in accordance with law .
The objective of the article was to end the inhuman practice of treating certain fellow human beings as dirty and untouchable by reason of their birth in certain castes .
( People ' s Union for Democratic Rights v . Union of India , AIR 1982 SC 1473 ) .
Most importantly , it is the bounden duty of every citizen to ensure that untouchability is not practised in any form .
The Untouchability ( Offences ) Act , 1955 later modified to read as the Protection of Civil Rights Act , 1955 provided for punishment of offenders .
Abolition of Titles Article 18 prohibits the State to confer titles on anybody , whether an Indian citizen or a foreign national .
An exemption has however been made in the case of Military and academic distinctions .
Under clause 2 of the article , a citizen of India has also been prohibited from accepting any title from a foreign State .
Clause 3 provides that a foreigner holding any office of profit or trust under the State cannot accept any title from a foreign State without the permission of the President .
And under clause 4 no person holding any office of profit or trust under the State shall , without the consent of the President , accept any present , employment , or office of any kind from or under any foreign State .
A question had arisen whether the Bharat Ratna , Padma Vibhushan , Padma Bhushan and Padma Shri civilian Awards conferred by the President on Republic Day for outstanding meritorious service were violative of article 18 of the Constitution .
Under stay orders from the Supreme Court , no awards were announced for several years .
( State of W . Bengal v . Subodh Gopal Bose , AIR 1954 SC 92 , 95 ) .
This enumeration of the freedoms has however been held to be not exhaustive by the courts for the full enjoyment of the democratic values of a free citizen .
Steve followed up this idea , and discovered a way to track historical climate changes by studying midges .
Tracking climate change
Larvae of non - biting midges live in fresh water .
When they die , they fall to the bottom of the lake and become part of its sediment .
The mud can be radio - carbon dated , and Steve can identify the different species of dead midge using a microscope and comparing them to species in our collections .
Each different species of midge thrives at a particular temperature .
So , the number and type of midge can indicate what the temperature was at that point in history .
Malaria causes between one and three million deaths per year in the subtropics .
In order to control the spread of malaria , we need to control the mosquitoes .
Limited companies having shareholders own a large number of industries .
There are creditors and depositors and various other persons having dealings with the undertakings .
Nevertheless , the State is not required to justify its trade monopoly as a ' reasonable ' restriction or as being in the interests of the general public ( Saghir Ahmed v . State of U . R , AIR 1954 SC 728 ; P .
In fact , no objection can be taken under article 19 ( l ) ( g ) if the State carries on a business either as a monopoly , complete or partial , to the exclusion of all or some citizens only , or in competition with any citizen .
Protection in Respect of Conviction for Offences Under article 20 , the Constitution has taken care to safeguard the rights of persons accused of crimes .
This article has been considered so important that the Forty - fourth Amendment provides that it cannot be suspended even during an Emergency by an order under article 359 .
Thus the Legislature is prohibited to make criminal laws having retrospective effect .
1 ) or against demanding security from a person ( State of Bihar v . Shailbala , AIR 1952 SC 329 ) .
Article 30 has been criticized inter alia on the ground that the right to establish and administer educational institutions of their choice available to the minorities is denied to the majority community .
Also , since the term ' minority ' has not been defined in the Constitution anywhere and there are advantages in belonging to the minority , groups within the majority Hindu fold have started claiming minority status e . g . Arya Samaj in Punjab .
The Ramakrishna Mission in Bengal had to declare that it is not Hindu at all but represented an independent minority religion .
During the various stages of the framing of the Constitution of India in the Constituent Assembly , the property provisions had proved to be the most controversial and had taxed the framers ' imagination , sagacity , drafting skill and the spirit of accomodation and compromise to the maximum .
At last a consensus was found which each of the contenders interpreted in his own way .
The consensus was embodied in articles 31 and 19 ( f ) of the Constitution .
Rights in order to be meaningful must be enforceable and backed by remedies in case of violation .
Our Constitution not only guarantees certain fundamental rights but under article 32 it also guarantees the right to move the highest court in the land directly by appropriate proceedings for the enforcement of the fundamental rights .
The Supreme Court may issue writs in the nature of habeas corpus , mandamus , prohibition , quo warranto and certiorari .
Parliament may empower any other courts also to exercise these powers .
The right guaranteed by article 32 cannot be suspended except as provided by the Constitution .
For example , during a proclamation of Emergency ( a ) the right to move court for enforcement of any of the fundamental rights except articles 20 and 21 can be suspended under article 359 and ( b ) executive and legislative power of the State shall not stand restricted under article 358 by the rights to freedom enshrined in article 19 .
Where the suspension of fundamental right is protected by the Constitution , article 32 will not apply ( Sommavanti v . State of Punjab , AIR 1964 SC 131 ) .
It has been held by the Supreme Court that this right cannot be taken away even by amending the Constitution as it is a basic feature of the Constitution ( Fertilizer Corporation of India v . Union of India , AIR 1981 SC 344 ) .
Even at the time of framing the Constitution , Dr .
Ambedkar had described this provision as the very soul and heart of the Constitution .
Only the fundamental rights guaranteed by the Constitution can be enforced under article 32 .
Since right to constitutional remedy under article 32 is itself a fundamental right , the Supreme Court may not refuse relief for violation of a substantive fundamental right .
Article 226 grants powers to the High Courts also to issue various writs .
However , the Supreme Court has since held that where relief through High Court under article 226 is available , the High Court should be approached first ( Kanubhai Brahmbhatt v . State of Gujarat , AIR 1987 SC 1159 ; P .
Under article 34 , Parliament may by law indemnify any person for anything done in contravention of fundamental rights for maintenance of order during the operation of martial law .
PART IV , ARTICLES 36 - 51 The Directive Principles of State Policy embodied in Part IV are a unique feature of our Constitution .
Besides the precedent of the Irish Constitution , the basic inspiration for the Directive Principles chapter came from the concept of a welfare state ( Keshavananda Bharti v . State of Kerala , AIR 1973 SC 146 ) .
While seeking to protect the basic rights of the individual , the framers of the Constitution also wanted it to become an effective instrument for social revolution .
Article 41 seeks , within the limits of the State ' s economic capacity and development , to make effective provision for securing the right to work , education and public assistance in the event of unemployment , old age , sickness and disablement or other cases of undeserved want .
Articles 42 and 43 provide for endeavouring to secure for workers a living wage , humane conditions of work , maternity relief , a decent standard of life and full enjoyment of leisure and social and cultural opportunities .
Some of the important Directives relate to the provision of free and compulsory education for all children up to the age of 14 ( article 45 ) ; promotion of educational and economic interests of scheduled castes , scheduled tribes and other weaker sections ( article 46 ) ; duty of the State to raise the level of nutrition and the standard of living and to improve public health ( article 47 ) ; organization of agriculture and animal husbandry and prohibition of cow slaughter ( article 48 ) ; organisation of village Panchayats ( article 40 ) ; separation of judiciary from the executive ( article 50 ) ; promulgation of a uniform civil code for the whole country ( article 44 ) ; protection of national monuments ( article 49 ) ; and the promotion of international peace and security , just and honourable relations between nations , respect for international law and treaty obligations and settlement of international disputes by arbitration ( article 51 ) .
Even though made non - justiciable , the Directive Principles have thus far guided the Union arid State Legislatures in enacting social reform legislation , the courts have cited them in support of their interpretation of constitutional provisions and the Planning Commissions have accepted them as useful guidelines for determining their approach to national reconstruction and rejuvenation .
Every other right can be shown to be a usurpation hardly worth fighting for .
Gandhiji sought to emphasise the economic and social responsibilities of all citizens .
It was in keeping with his ideas that the Constitution ( Forty - Second Amendment ) Act , 1976 added to the Constitution a new Part IVA titled ' Fundamental Duties ' after the original Parts III and IV of Fundamental Rights and Directive Principles respectively .
Bills belonging to certain categories can be introduced and proceeded with only after the recommendation of the President has been obtained ( articles 117 and 274 ( 1 ) ) .
In fact , right from the First Lok Sabha , strictly viewed , every House has been dissolved before completing its full term .
Once , when during the Emergency , its life was extended , the House was dissolved before the completion of the extended term .
Members of Parliament Qualification for Membership : Article 83 lays down the qualifications for membership of the two Houses of Parliament .
In order to be eligible to be chosen as a member , a person must be a citizen of India and not less than 30 years of age in case of Rajya Sabha membership and not less than 25 years of age in case of Lok Sabha membership .
Additional qualifications may be prescribed by law .
Disqualifications for Membership : Under article 102 , a person shall be disqualified for being chosen as and for being a member of either House ( i ) if he is not a citizen of India or otherwise owes allegiance to a foreign State , ( ii ) if he is an undischarged insolvent or one declared by a competent court to be of unsound mind , ( iii ) if he holds any office of profit under the Union or a State Government other than the office of Minister or any office exempted by Parliament by law , and ( iv ) if he is otherwise disqualified under any law made by Parliament .
Vacation of Seats : Article 101 lays down that a member shall be required to vacate his seat in a House if he is elected to both Houses of Parliament or to a House of State Legislature .
Every provision of the Constitution has to be so construed as to give meaning and relevance to every word used .
( Golak Nath v . State of Punjab , AIR 1967 SC 1643 ) .
To understand any constitution in existence and operation , therefore , it is essential to know its background and history .
Constitutional government in ancient India The concepts of democracy , representative institutions , limitations on the arbitrary powers of the rulers , and rule of law were not alien to India in the hoary past .
It may also assent to a demand subject to a reduction in the amount asked for .
Every demand for grant must receive the prior recommendation of the President ( article 113 ) .
No amendment is permitted which seeks to vary the amount or alter the allocation of any grant head or vary the amount of any charged expenditure .
Appropriation Bill is necessary because no money can be drawn from the Consolidated Fund without parliamentary sanction through an Appropriation Act .
Additional , supplementary or excess grants may be voted separately but the same procedure shall apply to them as well ( articles 114 - 115 ) .
Parliament may by law regulate the procedure for the purpose of timely completion of the financial business , ( article 119 ) .
Language in Parliament Hindi and English have been declared by the Constitution to be the languages for conducting business in Parliament .
The Presiding Officers may , however , allow any member not proficient in either to address the House in his mother tongue ( article 120 ) .
It does not and cannot itself govern .
The Council of Ministers may in a sense be described as the grand executive committee of Parliament charged with the responsibility of governance on behalf of the parent body .
In as much as the Council of Ministers is drawn from and remains part of Parliament and responsible to Lok Sabha , the relationship may be said to be that of a part to the whole and one of interdependence .
There is , however , a clear distinction between the functions of the Executive and the functions of Parliament ( article 75 ) .
The Executive is to govern , albeit on behalf of Parliament and the People .
The function of Parliament is to exercise political and financial control over the Executive and to ensure parliamentary surveillance of administration .
He can be removed from his Office by the President , only if a joint address passed by both Houses of Parliament with a special majority ( i . e . , by a majority of the total membership of the House and by a majority of not less than two - thirds of the members of each House present and voting ) is presented to him ( article 124 ( 4 ) and 218 ) .
Parliament is not empowered to discuss the conduct of any Judge of the Supreme Court or of a High Court in the discharge of his duties except in the case of a motion for presenting an address to the President praying for the removal of a Judge ( article 121 ) .
Parliament may by law provide for the establishment of an administrative tribunal for the Union and a separate administrative tribunal for each State or for two or more States .
The law made under the provision may specify the jurisdiction and powers of the tribunals .
Such law may exclude the jurisdiction of all Courts , except the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court under article 136 , with respect to certain specified matters ( articles 323A and 323B ) .
The presiding officer of each House or any other officer or Member of Parliament who is for the time being vested with the powers to regulate procedure , or to enforce or carry out the decision of either House of Parliament , is not subject to the jurisdiction of the courts in exercise of those powers ( articles 122 ( 2 ) and 105 ( 3 ) ) .
The constitutional validity of a law can be challenged in India on the ground that the subject matter of the legislation : i . is not within the competence of the Legislature which has passed it ; ii .
It remains the law of the land unless its interpretation is reviewed or reversed by the Supreme Court itself or the law or the Constitution is suitably amended by Parliament .
If an Act of Parliament is set aside by the judiciary , Parliament can re - enact it after removing the defects for which it was set aside .
The Constitution ( Fifty - second Amendment ) Act , 1985 , which has since popularly come to be known as the Anti - Defection Law , has been the subject matter of a controversy from the very beginning .
Several writ petitions challenging the validity and constitutionality of the 1985 enactment were also filed in the Supreme Court and various High Courts .
The Supreme Court , on the request of the Government , withdrew and transferred to itself all the writ petitions pending before various High Courts .
The Speaker disqualified four of the 20 members on the ground of voluntarily disobeying their party whip .
However , the disqualification was to have only prospective effect from the date of the order .
He suggested that the task of determining disqualification of members under the Tenth Schedule could better be entrusted to the judges .
The Tenth Schedule defines a ' Legislature Party ' and an ' original political party ' in either case with reference to a ' political party ' but unfortunately a ' political party ' has not been defined .
It would be necessary to define a political party and to lay down conditions for its recognition for purposes of the Anti - Defection Law .
) PART V , CHAPTER IV , ARTICLES 124 - 147 AND PART VI , CHAPTER V AND VI , ARTICLES 214 - 237 Provisions in regard to the judiciary in India are contained in Part V on The Union under Chapter IV titled The Union Judiciary and Part VI on The States under Chapters V and VI titled The High Courts in the States and Subordinate Courts respectively .
It is , however important to emphasize that unlike other federal systems , for example , that of the United States , we do not have separate hierarchies of federal and State Courts .
The jurisdiction of the Supreme Court may also be excluded in certain other matters , e . g . inter - State water disputes ( article 262 ) , matters referred to the Finance Commission ( article 280 ) and adjustment of certain expenses and pensions between the Union and the States ( article 290 ) .
Recovery of damages against the Government of India cannot be claimed by a State before the Supreme Court under article 131 .
Also , a dispute to be so brought before the Supreme Court must involve a question , whether of law or fact , on which the existence or extent of a legal right depends .
Under the new article 139A inserted by the 44th Amendment in 1978 , the Supreme Court may transfer to itself cases from one or more High Courts if these involve questions of law or of great importance .
Also , the Supreme Court may transfer cases from one High Court to another in the interests of justice .
The original jurisdiction of the Supreme Court also extends to cases of violation of the fundamental rights of individuals and the Court can issue several writs for the enforcement of these rights ( article 32 ) .
It is a unique feature of our Constitution that in principle , any individual can straightaway approach the highest court in case of violation of his fundamental rights .
The appellate jurisdiction of the Supreme Court extends to civil , criminal and constitutional matters .
Taking advantage of the weakening central authority , disintegration of the Mughal Empire and disturbed conditions all over the country after Aurangzeb ' s death ( 1707 ) , the company gradually emerged as the dominant power .
The victory of the company at the Battle of Plassey in 1757 against Sirajuddaulla , Nawab of Bengal , clinched the issue and the foundations of British rule in India were laid .
Judges of the High Court were appointed by the President after consultation with the Chief Justice of India , the Governor of the State and in case of appointment of all judges other than the Chief Justice , the Chief Justice of the High Court .
It was held in S . P . Gupta v . Union of India ( AIR 1982 SC 149 ) that all the three functionaries were to be given equal importance in the process of consultation .
To be appointed a High Court judge , a person must be a citizen of India with ten years ' service in a judicial office or ten years ' experience as a High Court advocate .
Judges may be transferred from one High Court to another by the President after consulting the Chief Justice of India ( article 222 ) .
The President may appoint an acting Chief Justice for a High Court .
Also , in case of need , the President may appoint additional and acting judges of the High Court for a period not exceeding two years .
The Union Constitution Committee meeting of 6 June 1947 tentatively decided that the Constitution should be a federal structure with a strong Centre , and that there should be three exhaustive lists with residuary powers vesting in the Centre .
The Union Powers Committee was unanimous in its view that it would be injurious to the interests of the country to provide for a weak central authority which would be incapable of ensuring peace , of coordinating vital matters of common concern , and of speaking effectively for the whole country in the international sphere .
In the context of these developments , the Drafting Committee decided in favour of describing India as a Union , although its Constitution might be federal in structure .
The emphasis on India being a Union was to convey the fact that it was not the result of a compact or agreement between the constituent units but a declaration by the Constituent Assembly deriving its authority from the one people of India .
Parliament may make laws for the whole or any part of India .
and duties of excise on medicinal and toilet preparations mentioned in the Union List shall be levied by the Union but collected and appropriated by the States and form part of their revenues except in the case of Union Territories ( article 268 ) .
There are some taxes and duties in the Union List which are levied and collected by the Union but their proceeds are distributed between the Union and the States .
After a Finance Commission has been constituted , Presidential Order in regard to distribution of proceeds from income tax etc .
) Articles 273 , 275 and 282 provide for three kinds of grants - in - aid and the circumstances in which these may be extended to the States by the Union .
Thus , grants may be given by the Union to the States of Assam , Bihar , Orrisa and West Bengal in lieu of export duty on jute and jute products ( article 273 ) .
Under article 282 the Union or a State may make a grant for any public purpose irrespective of that purpose being outside the legislative jurisdiction of the Union or State concerned .
The Act of 1892 was certainly an improvement on the 1861 Act insofar as it brought in a representative element in the Legislative Council and relaxed to some extent the restrictions on the working of the Council by expanding its functions .
the then Secretary of State for India , Lord Morley , and the then Viceroy , Lord Minto , jointly worked out certain constitutional reform proposals during the years 1906 - 1908 .
These aimed at the expansion of the Legislative Councils and the enlargement of their powers and functions , the appointment of Indian members on the Executive Councils , the creation of such Councils where they did not exist , and the further development of local self - government .
Article 290 A provides for certain sums to be paid annually to Devaswom Funds of Travancore and Tamil Nadu from the Consolidated Funds of these States .
A State may also similarly borrow subject to limits set by law by the State Legislature .
Government of India , within its borrowing powers , may make loans to any State or give guarantees in respect of loans raised by the State .
So long as any of such loans remain outstanding , the State Government may not raise any further loans without consent of Government of India ( article 293 ) .
Things of value within territorial waters or continental shelf and resources of the exclusive economic zone shall vest in the Union ( article 297 ) .
The executive power of the Union and of each State shall extend to carrying on any trade or business and to acquire , hold or dispose of property and make contracts subject to any law made by the respective legislature ( article 298 ) .
This article obviously is an independent or additional source of executive power outside article 245 .
During the periods of Emergency , extraordinary powers were assumed by the Union Government under several laws and constitutional amendments passed by Parliament .
There was widespread criticism of the misuse of powers during the period of internal emergency .
In the general elections that followed , the ruling Congress ( I ) under the leadership of Indira Gandhi lost and a Janata Party Government was formed .
Thus , exercise of President ' s power under article 356 was brought under judicial review to that extent .
If a substantial proportion of the population of a State demand and the President is satisfied , he may order that the language used by them may also be officially recognized throughout the State or in any part thereof for such purposes as may be specified .
English shall be used and where Hindi is used for communication between a Hindi and a non - Hindi State , such communication shall be accompanied by an English translation .
Until Parliament by law provides otherwise , all proceedings in the Supreme Court and in every High Court are to be in English .
Also , the authoritative texts of all Bills , amendments , Acts , ordinances , orders , rules , regulations and bye - laws at the Union and State levels have to be in English only .
However , the Governor of a State may with the prior consent of the President , aithorise the use of Hindi or any language used for any official purposes of the State in the proceedings of the High Court of the State provided that the judgements , decrees and orders must continue to be in English .
The 1963 Act similarly provided for a Hindi translation of State Acts etc .
, the Act provided for the optional use of Hindi or other official language subject to the Governor obtaining the prior consent of the President and an English translation accompanying the judgement etc .
Language of Public Grievances Article 350 made the very significant provision that every person , i . e . not only a citizen , was entitled to submit a representation for redress of any grievance to any officer or authority of the Union or a State in any of the languages used in the Union or in the State , as the case may be .
The present state of the doctrine of ' basic features ' is that so long as the decision in the Kesavananda case is not overturned by another full Bench of the Supreme Court , any amendment to the Constitution is liable to be interfered with by the Court on the ground of affecting one or other of the basic features of the Constitution .
They believed that Parliament had no power to revoke the mandate to build a Welfare State and an egalitarian society ( para 682 ) .
The secular character of the State could not , likewise , be done away with ( para 1437 ) .
The same Judge in the Minerva Mills case added the ' amending powers of Parliament ' , ' Judicial review ' and ' balance between the Fundamental Rights and the Directive Principles ' to the list of elements basic to the Constitution .
But there is a negative side also .
The government that the system throws up should enjoy the strength and stability necessary for the security , development and welfare of the people and those called upon to govern should remain responsible to the people and their representatives .
Our founding fathers had the background of their sad experiences of the arbitrary colonial rule which was neither representative of the people nor responsive to their urges , aspirations and needs .
These two institutions were differentiated from each other in their status and functions .
The Samiti was the general assembly or house of the people , and the Sabha , a smaller and select body of elders , broadly corresponding to the Upper House in modern legislatures .
There are enough indications in Vedic texts to suggest that the two bodies were closely associated with the affairs of the State and exercised considerable authority , influence and prestige .
Some of the salient features in the functioning of modern parliamentary democracies ? free discuss on and decision by the vote of the majority ? are known to have existed .
The decision by the majority was regarded as " inviolable not be overridden , because where the many meet in an assembly and speak there with one voicel that voice or vote of majority is not to be violated by others . "
In fact , the foundational principle of ancient Indian society was that the government should be conducted not by the will of a solitary person , but jointly with the aid of councillors whose advice was to be respected .
Ideally , the powers of the monarch were limited by the will of the people and the customs , usages and injunctions of Dharmasastn - . .
The demarcation made by the Act between the executive and legislative functions of the Governor - General ' s Council led to the addition of a ' fourth ' or legislative member and the appointment of the distinguished jurist Lord Macaulay to occupy this position .
Thus , one may find ' the seeds of a Legislative Council ( as distinct from the Executive Council ) in the 1833 Act although it was not to be so described till much later .
Charter Act , 1853 : JThe last of the Charter Acts , the Charter Act of 1853 made important changes in the Governor - General ' s Council .
The ' fourth ' or legislative member of the Council , was placed on the same footing as the other members by being given a right to sit and vote at executive meetings .
At the same time , the Council was enlarged for legislative purposes by the addition of six special members who were styled as " Legislative Councillors " .
Thus , along with the Governor - General and the Commander - in - Chief , the Council , as constituted under the Act of 1853 , consisted of 12 members .
Discussion in the Council , when acting in its legislative capacity , became oral instead of in writing ; bills were referred to Select Committees and not to single members , legislative business was conducted in public instead of in secret and reports of the proceedings , were officially published .
The new Council conceived its duties not to be confined only to legislation but , as observed in the Montagu - Chelmsford Report ( 1918 ) , " contrary to the intentions of Parliament , it began to assume the character of a miniature representative assembly , assembled for the purpose of enquiry into and redress of grievances . "
Indian Councils Act , 1861 : The Indian Councils Act of 1861 sought " to make better provision for the constitution of the Council of the Governor - General " and " for the local Government of the several Presidencies and Provinces . "
The Legislative Council of the Governor - General was further enlarged to consist of " not less than ten nor more than sixteen " ( instead of the erstwhile minimum of six and maximum of twelve ) additional members .
Similarly , the number of additional members in the Provincial Legislative Councils was also increased .
The regulations under which the additional members of the Councils were to be nominated laid down that some of the non - officials should be nominated on the recommendations of certain recognised bodies or associations representing particular interests .
In the case of the Governor - General ' s Legislative Council , or the Indian Legislative Council as it came to be known , five more " additional " members were thus brought in , one being nominated by the non - official members of each of the four Provincial Councils and one by the Calcutta Chamber of Commerce .
Though the term ' election ' was scrupulously avoided , the fact that the non - official members of the Provincial Councils recommended and returned their nominees to the Central Council , indicated implicit acceptance of the principle of indirect election .
Members of the Legislative Council were also granted the privilege of asking questions , that is of interrogating the government members with a view to eliciting information on important matters .
This right , which is one of fundamental rights of any legislature , was very sparingly used at the time , but its grant marked a definite step forward in the progress of the parliamentary institution .
The entry of the ' elected ' members marked the beginning of new era in the life of the Council .
Broadly speaking , the Indian Legislature had no power to amend or repeal any parliamentary statute relating to British India or to do anything affecting the authority of the British Parliament .
The Act also required that measures affecting certain important matters could be introduced in either House of the Indian Legislature only with the previous sanction of the Governor - General .
Besides his existing power to veto any Bill passed by the Legislature or to reserve the same for the signification of His Majesty ' s pleasure , the Governor - General was given the power to secure the enactment of laws which he considered essential for the safety , tranquility or interests of British India , or any part of British India .
The Governor - General also continued to have the power to promulgate ordinances for the peace and good government of British India in case of emergency .
Similarly , in the financial field , while power was given to the Legislative Assembly to assent or to refuse its assent to any demand for grant or to reduce the amount referred to in any demand , if the Assembly declined to vote a demand put before it , the Governor - General in Council could restore it by simply declaring that it was essential to the discharge of his responsibilities .
The Indian Legislature under the Act of 1919 was thus only a non - sovereign law - making body and was powerless before the Executive in all spheres of governmental activity ? administrative as well as legislative and financial .
Nevertheless , with the constitution of a Legislature , the making of laws ceased to be the business of the Governor - General ' s Council .
That body had now to function in terms of a cabinet and submit the financial and legislative proposals of the government to the Legislature , presided over by non - official presidents .
A tremendous increase in the scope of legislative activity was witnessed and several measures of permanent benefit to the country were enacted .
The Budget , except for certain reserved heads of expenditure , was subject to vote and the government had to weather many a storm when supplies and services were refused , or the entire Budget thrown out by the House .
While the term of an individual member of the Rajya Sabha is six years , as nearly as possible , . one - third of its members retire at the expiration of every second year in accordance with the provision made in that behalf by Parliament by law.15 The term of office of the members begins from the date on which the names of the members are notified by the Government of India in the Gazette .
The Vice - President , who is elected by the members of both Houses of Parliament , is the ex - officio Chairman of the Rajya Sabha , whereas the Deputy Chairman is elected by the members of the Rajya Sabha from amongst themselves .
Lok Sabha : The other House ? the Lok Sabha ? is the House of the People .
It is directly elected by the people .
Every citizen of India who is not less than 18 years of age is entitled to vote in the elections to the Lok Sabha unless he is otherwise disqualified under law ( Art . 326 ) .
Sabha shall consist of not more than 530 members chosen by direct election from territorial constituencies in the States , nd not more than 20 members to represent the Union Territories , chosen in such manner as Parliament by law provides .
In addition , the President may nominate not more than two members to represent the Anglo - Indian community .
The total elective membership is distributed among the States in such a manner that the ratio between the number of seats allotted to each State and the population of the State is , as far as possible , the same for all States .
While the Executive has almost unlimited right to initiate and formulate legislative and financial proposals before Parliament and to give effect to approved policies unfettered and unhindered by Parliament , the latter has the unlimited power to call for information , to discuss , to scrutinise and to put the seal of popular approval on proposals made by the Executive .
The Executive remains responsible and the administration accountable to Parliament .
The function of Parliament is to exercise political and financial control over the Executive and to ensure parliamentary surveillance of administration .
Parliament has the power to make laws regulating the constitution , organisation , jurisdiction and powers of the Courts .
It was laid down in the Constitution that the number of judges other than the Chief Justice , would Diagram 1 not be more than seven .
Parliament was , however , empowered to prescribe a larger number of judges by law .
Under this provision , the Parliament passed the Supreme Court ( Number of Judges ) Act , 1956 increasing the number of other judges to 10 , and subsequently by various amendments to this Act , to 25 .
Thus , at present the number of judges of the Supreme Court , including the Chief Justice , is 26 .
For each State , there is a High Court consisting of a Chief Justice and such other judges as the President may from time to time deem it necessary to appoint .
There are many authorities who very legitimately interpret the Constitution almost daily during the discharge of their functions .
The basic function of the Courts is to adjudicate disputes between individuals , between individuals and the State , between the States and between the Union and the States and while so adjudicating , the Courts may be required to interpret the provisions of the Constitution and the laws .
And , the interpretation given by the Supreme Court becomes the law honoured by all Courts of the land .
There is no appeal against the judgement of the Supreme Court .
It remains the law of the land unless its interpretation is reviewed or reversed by the Supreme Court itself or the law or the Constitution is suitably amended by Parliament .
If an Act of the Parliament is set aside by the Judiciary , the Parliament can re - enact it after removing the defects for which it was set aside .
Thus , the Parliament in India is not as supreme as the British Parliament where no judicial review of legislation is permitted .
At the same time Judiciary in India is not as supreme as in the United States of America which recognises virtually no limit on the scope of judicial review .
The Parliament of India , representing as it does all constitutionally organised shades of public opinion at the national level , occupies a pre - eminent and central position in Indian polity .
It embodies and epitomises the ' sovereign will ' of the people ; it is the mirror and the voice of the nation .
Members of Parliament , as elected representatives of the people , ventilate the people ' s grievances and opinions on various issues , scrutinise the functioning of the government on the floors of the Houses of Parliament and enact laws .
The Parliament functions as the ' grand inquest and watchdog of the nation .
Andhra Pradesh 18 14 .
Significant occasions for the review of administration are provided by the discussions on the Motion of Thanks on the President ' s Address , the Budget demands , and particular aspects of governmental policy or situations .
The Parliament gets informed in many ways ? through a wide variety of sources ? but in as much as the Government is the greatest single monopolist of information , the Parliament and its members have to rely very heavily on the government departments for their information requirements .
Parliament ' s right to be informed is unlimited except that if divulging of certain information is likely to prejudice vital national interest or the security of the State it may not be insisted upon .
So far as the activities of the Government are concerned , it is the duty of the Government itself to feed the Parliament with information which is full , truthful , precise and supplied in time .
This is done by the ministers making statements on the floor of the House , laying reports and papers on the Table of the House or placing documents in the Parliament Library .
All these constitute a wealth of information which becomes immediately public and can be used to raise discussions in the House .
The most well - known and effective mechanism through which members on their own elicit information is that of asking questions in the Houses of Parliament .
It has been rightly said that during the Question Hour in Parliament , " a piercing searchlight is thrown in every nook and corner of the vast length and breadth of the administration and nothing fails outside the scrutiny of the Parliament " .
The minister may be put to a gruelling test by means of searching supplementaries which may be so framed as to expose the weakness of the administration .
Debates and discussions bring out into the open the underlying tensions and resentments in society .
The Parliament becomes the legitimate arena for power struggle , for crystallisation of political activity or for acting out the conflicting roles and interests with parliamentary rules and procedures , facilitating eventual reconciliation .
Instead of fighting to annihilate each other , the parties tend to agree to disagree and to accommodate or tolerate each other .
In performing this conflict resolution role , the parliamentary institution acts as a great national integrator and mediator in change .
This conflict resolution and integrational role of Parliament is specially significant in the context of our highly pluralistic society .
Besides the role played by the formal parliamentary forums and parliamentary procedures , attention may be drawn to the Central Hall of the Parliament House which is almost an institution in itself .
Here members of Parliament from all parts of the country irrespective of caste , creed , region or religion meet informally and discuss in groups or with individuals , problems which affect the country as a whole .
It creates feelings of national integrity of a high order which no other forum can .
Even those who before entering its portals , may have some separatist , regional or parochial views , get cleansed and all feel one ? people of one country ? after they have passed through the purgatory of the Central Hall .
Every citizen who is 18 years or more has full voting rights irrespective of religion , race , caste , sex or place of birth .
In addition to the elections to the two Houses of Parliament and the State Legislatures , the Election Commission is required to conduct elections to the high offices of the President and Vice - president of India .
The Election Commission The Election Commission consists of the Chief Election Commissioner and such other Election Commissioners as may be appointed by the President .
In October 1993 two Election Commissioners were appointed and by an ordinance given the same position and status as the Chief Election Commissioner .
Also , the Commission was required to act as a body taking decisions unanimously or by majority .
( f ) he is so disqualified on the ground of defection .
Besides the above constitutional requirements , the election laws lay down some more disqualifications .
Under the Representation of the People Act , 1951 , if a person has been convicted , among other things , for promoting enmity between different groups or convicted for the offence of bribery or has been punished for preaching and practising social crimes such as untouchability , dowry and sati , then he is disqualified from being chosen as a member .
Again , a person convicted for any offence and sentenced to imprisonment for not less than two years stands disqualified for a period of five years after his release .
A government servant dismissed for corruption or for disloyalty to the State is disqualified for a period of five years from the date of his dismissal .
Mode of Election Rajya Sabha : Members of the Rajya Sabha are the representatives of the people of the States and of Union territories .
They are elected through a system of indirect election and in accordance with the system of proportional representation by means of single transferable vote .
After the proposal is agreed to by the Chairman of the Rajya Sabha and the Speaker of the Lok Sabha , orders of the President to summon the Houses on the date and time specified are obtained by the Secretaries - General of the two Houses .
They notify the President ' s order in the Gazette Extraordinary and issue a Press Communique in the matter .
Thereafter , the Secretaries - General issue summons to members individually .
Sessions of Parliament Normally , there are three sessions of Parliament each year viz . the Budget Session ( February - May ) , the Monsoon Session ( July - September ) and the Winter Session ( November - December ) .
In the case of the Rajya Sabha , however , the Budget Session is split into two sessions with a three to four week recess in between so that it has four sessions in a year .
Speaker protem When the Lok Sabha is summoned to meet for the first time after a General Election , the President appoints a member of Lok Sabha as the Speaker proterm .
Normally , the senior - most member is chosen .
The Speaker pro tem presides over the House for the purpose of enabling the new members to take oath , etc . and elect their Speaker .
President ' s Address After the newly - elected members have taken oath / affirmation and the Speaker has been elected , the President addresses both the Houses of Parliament assembled together in the Central Hall of the Parliament House .
The President also addresses the Houses together at the commencement of the first session of each year .
The President arrives in the State Coach at the Parliament House where he is received at the gate by the Chairman , Rajya Sabha , the Speaker , Lok Sabha , the Prime Minister , the Minister of Parliamentary Affairs and the Secretaries - General of both the Houses .
He is then conducted in a ceremonial procession to the high - domed Central Hall of Parliament along a red - carpeted route .
After the National Anthem has been played , the President reads the printed Address .
It contains a statement of policies and programmes the government proposes to pursue in the ensuing year and a review of its activities and achievements during the preceding year .
Being a statement of policy of the government , the Address is drafted by the government .
Half - an - hour after the President ' s Address , both the Houses meet in their respective Chambers where the copies of the President ' s Address are laid on the Table of the House by the Secretary - General concerned .
A discussion on the President ' s Address is held in both the Houses on a Motion of Thanks proposed by a member of the respective House and seconded by another member .
The scope of discussion on the Address is very wide and any or all aspects of administration may be brought into focus .
Members are free to speak on all sorts of national and international problems . '
Even matters which are not specifically mentioned in the Address may be covered through amendments to the Motion of Thanks .
The only limitations during the discussion are that members cannot refer to matters which are not the direct responsibility of the Government of India and the name of the President cannot be brought in during the debate .
At the end of the discussion , usually the Prime Minister replies to the debate on the President ' s Address .
After the Prime Minister ' s reply , amendments are disposed of and the Motion of Thanks put to vote in the House .
After the Motion is passed , it is conveyed to the President by the Speaker through a letter .
The President , after receiving the suggestion of the Prime Minister through the Secretary - General of the Lok Sabha , approves the date for the election of the Speaker .
The Secretary - General , there after , sends a notice of this date to every member .
Normally , the notice of motion for election of the candidate selected by the ruling party is given by the Prime Minister or the Minister of Parliamentary Affairs .
All the notices of motion which are found in order are entered in the List of Business in the order in which they are received at the point of time .
On the day fixed for the election , the member in whose name a motion stands on the List of Business is called upon to move it .
He also has the option to withdraw it .
The motions which have been moved and duly seconded are put to vote in the House one by one in the order in which they have been moved , and decided , if necessary , by division .
If the motion is carried , the person presiding , without putting the other motions , to vote , declares that the member proposed in the motion , which has been carried has been chosen as the Speaker of the House .
But , even if a single member questions it at any time , proceedings have got to be interrupted , the quorum bell has to be rung and proceedings can be resumed only after there is a quorum . !
Voting Procedure : Decision of the House on any question can be taken only by means of a motion moved by a member .
In most cases matters are decided by a voice vote . But if the opinion of the Speaker as to the decision on a question is challenged , the Speaker orders that the lobby be cleared .
After the lapse of about three and a half minutes , the Speaker puts the question a second time and declares whether in his opinion the ' Ayes ' or the ' Noes ' have it .
If the opinion so declared is again challenged , the Speaker directs that the votes be recorded either by operating the automatic vote recorder or by using ' Aye ' and ' No ' slips in the House or by members going into the lobbies .
However , the practice of going into the lobbies for the purpose of vote recording is not in vogue for many years now .
When a division is ordered by the Speaker , division bells ring normally for three and a half minutes .
Immediately after the bells stop ringing , all the outer doors of the inner lobby of the Chamber are closed to prevent any entry until division is concluded .
Under the automatic vote recorder system , each member casts his vote from the seat allotted to him pressing the requisite button provided for the purpose .
A push - button set containing a pilot light and three push buttons ? a green button for ' AYES ' , a red button for ' NOES ' and a black button for ' ABSTAIN ' ? together with a push switch suspended by a wire , is provided at the seat of each member .
Within the House and in all matters connected with the House , his word is final .
Independence and impartiality are the two important attributes of the office of the Speaker .
He ranks higher than all Cabinet Ministers other than the Prime Minister himself .
His salary and allowances are charged on the Consolidated Fund of India ? that is , they do not have to to be voted by Parliament .
His conduct cannot be discussed except on a substantive motion .
He does not vote in the House except when there is an equality of votes .
And , when he gives his casting vote in the event of a tie , it is always in accordance with well - established parliamentary principles and conventions .
Upon his election as Speaker , he dissociates himself from the activities of his party .
He does not hold any party office , does not participate in any party meetings or functions and keeps away from political controversies and party campaigns .
He performs these functions , in accordance with the provisions of the Constitution and the ' Rules of Procedure and Conduct of Business in the Lok Sabha ' .
His decision in all parliamentary matters is final .
In respect of matters not specifically provided for in the Rules , the Speaker has residuary powers to issue directions .
In doing so , he may call upon a member or the government to place before him facts , evidence and information which he may consider necessary in arriving at a decision .
It is for the Speaker to determine in what order members would speak and how long a member should be allowed to speak .
He can order a member to discontinue his speech or to withdraw words or expressions which he feels are unparliamentary or undignified .
He may order that anything said by a member without his permission shall not go on record and that anything found unparliamentary shall be expunged .
Any word or portions ordered " not to be recorded " or expunged from the proceedings as being unparliamentary , cannot be published by the media or anyone else as there is no unlimited right to the publication of the proceedings of the Houses of Parliament .
The Speaker may ask a member to withdraw from the House for a day or part of a day for disorderly behaviour or may even suspend a member from the service of the House on a proper motion for gross disorderly behaviour .
All members alike are subject to his discipline and they have to exercise great care in showing him proper respect and obeying his rulings and decisions .
Whenever he intervenes or rises to propose or put questions to make some remarks or to deliver his rulings , he must be heard in silence .
He determines whether there is a prima facie case for a matter relating to a breach of privilege or contempt of the House,9 or the conduct of a member being raised or referred to a Committee for investigation .
If he withholds his consent the matter does not proceed further .
He is looked upon to protect the honour of persons against allegatory , defamatory or incriminatory statements in the House , and unless he has been previously informed of the nature of such statements or the evidence on which they are based , he may stop a member from making such statements .
The Speaker has to be sensitive to the atmosphere in the House .
He communicates the decisions of the House to the authorities concerned and requires them to comply with the terms of such decisions .
All the Parliamentary Committees of the Lok Sabha are constituted by him or by the House .
They function under his control and direction .
Committees like the Business Advisory Committee , the General Purposes Committee and the Rules Committee work directly under his chairmanship .
He determines what matters are financial matters which fall within the exclusive jurisdiction of the Lok Sabha .
If he certifies a Bill to be a ' Money Bill ' , his decision is final .
Whenever , in the event of disagreement between the Houses on a legislative measure , a joint - sitting is called , he presides over such a joint - sitting and all the Rules of Procedure in such a sitting operate under his directions and orders .
It is a breach of privilege to reflect upon his impartiality , competence , character or conduct .
If a member of the Lok Sabha is arrested on a criminal charge , or is sentenced to imprisonment , or is detained under an executive order , the fact must immediately be reported to the Speaker by the magistrate or the executive authority .
Such intimation is also essential in the event of the release of the member .
No person can be arrested , nor can a legal process , civil or criminal , be served on him , within the precincts of the House without obtaining the permission of the Speaker .
The Speaker is the ex - officio President of the Indian Parliamentary Group which in India functions as the National Group of the Inter - Parliamentary Union and the Main Branch of the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association .
He often leads these delegations himself .
The Speaker is also the Chairman of the Conference of Presiding Officers of Legislative Bodies in India .
The Lok Sabha Secretariat functions under the direction and control of the Speaker .
Questions to Private Members A question may be addressed to a private member , provided the subject - matter of the question relates to some Bill , Resolution or any other matter concerned with the business of the House for which that member may have been responsible .
Such questions are rarely asked in the Lok Sabha , and for sessions together no such question may be asked .
Similarly , no short notice question can be addressed to a private member .
Half - an - hour Discussion on matters arising out of questions already answered in the House can be held in the Lok Sabha during the last half - an - hour of the sitting on three days in a week , namely ? Monday , Wednesday and Friday .
In the Rajya Sabha , such discussions can generally be held from 5 p . m . to 5.30 p . m . on any day allotted for the purpose by the Chairman .
The subject - matter of such a discussion should be of sufficient public importance , which has been the subject of a recent question , starred , unstarred or short notice , and answer to which needs elucidation on a matter of fact .
In his notice , the member is required to specify the point ( s ) that he wishes to raise .
Only one notice of the Half - an - hour Discussion is put down for a sitting .
Further , in the Lok Sabha , not more than one such discussion is put down in the name of any one member in a week and no member can raise more than two discussions in the same session .
The maximum time ever taken by the ' Zero ' proceedings during the Eighth Lok Sabha came to 32 minutes .
Things , however changed sharply during the short - lived Ninth Lok Sabha ( 1989 - 1991 ) when Speaker Rabi Ray tried to regularise and institutionalise the illegitimate ' Zero Hour ' .
The result was that it very often continued beyond one full hour .
In fact , sometimes it extended to two hours and more to the great discomfiture and uneasiness of the ministers and members waiting for the regular business of the House to start .
Nobody knows what matter might crop up during this period or what kind of attack might be launched against the government .
It is the Press that gave the name ' Zero Hour ' sometime in the early sixties when a practice of raising matters of urgent public importance without any prior notice developed .
As soon as the Question Hour is over , several members are on their feet to raise matters which they feel cannot brook any delay even if there are no rules permitting them .
The underlying consideration seems to be that rules which come in the way of members raising issues of national importance or serious grievances of the people on the floor of the House , are irrelevant and should yield to the basic concerns and rights of the people ' s representatives .
The following , for example , are some of the subjects on which adjournment motions were admitted and discussed during the Seventh Lok Sabha :
Death of eight persons and the illness of several persons due to the consumption of illicit liquor in Delhi and the serious situation arising out of it .
Qutab Minar tragedy taking a toll of 45 lives .
If objection to leave being granted is raised , the Speaker will request the members in favour of leave being granted to rise in their seats and if not less than fifty members rise accordingly , he will declare that leave is granted .
The discussion on an admitted adjournment motion normally starts at 4.00 p . m . and continues for two - and - a - half , i . e . till 6.30 p . m . or beyond that .
The discussion starts with the motion moved by the mover THAT THE HOUSE DO NOW ADJOURN . '
After the mover and the other members have spoken on the motion , the minister intervenes and at the end the mover has a right of reply .
The procedure of Calling Attention has enabled the Parliament to keep the government on its toes ; to call for its explanation immediately oil a vital matter of general importance ; and to enable the government to state facts or its decision or to deal effectively with the matter with the knowledge and the feeling that it has the support of the House .
It is a short and swift method of raising , dealing with , and bringing to a conclusion an important matter in which members , who have given notices , are entitled to take equal part without any party whip and without coming to the painful decisions by dividing on a formal or a specific motion .
Only the atmosphere is surcharged with feeling on all sides of the House and each member is free to interpret the short discussion in his own light and to come to his own conclusions .
Before the year 1953 , there was no provision for such discussions except by way of motions and resolutions .
Adjournment motion being in the nature of a censure motion could not be used quite often .
A convention , therefore , was established in 1953 whereby members could raise discussion on such matters for short duration .
For raising such discussion , a member has to give a notice to the Secretary - General specifying the matter precisely and explaining clearly the reasons thereof .
Such notice should also be signed by at least two other members of Parliament .
The member moving the motion frames it in the form in which he wants it to be adopted by the House .
Generally , government motions relate to obtaining approval of the House for some policy or action of the government .
Motions moved by private members , on the other hand , generally tend to elicit the opinion or the feeling of the House on a matter .
Motions , though they cover a variety of proceedings of the House , fall into three principal categories namely , Substantive Motions , Substitute Motions , and Subsidiary Motions .
Substantive Motions : A substantive motion is a self - contained independent proposal submitted for the approval of the House and drafted in such a way as to be capable of expressing a decision of the House .
It neither depends on nor arises out of another motion .
The Motion of Thanks on the President ' s Address , motion for adjournment on a matter of public importance , motion of no - confidence , motions for election or removal of the Speaker , Deputy Speaker of the Lok Sabha or the Deputy Chairman of the Rajya Sabha , privilege motions and also , all resolutions are substantive motions .
Further , the Constitution provides for the impeachment of persons in high authority which can be initiated on a substantive motion drawn in proper terms .
Amendment may be made not only to motions , resolutions , or to clauses of a Bill but even to an amendment to a clause of a Bill , resolution or motion .
It is moved during the course of a debate and if accepted , the original question is put as amended .
It is noteworthy , that the substitute motion also seeks to bring before the House a different proposition as an alternative to the original question but is distinct from an amendment inasmuch as it replaces the entire motion . ,
Notice of motion , like any other notice , is given to the Secretary - General .
No period of notice for motions has been prescribed .
Further , the subject matter of a motion , as in the case of questions , should not include , inter alia , ironical expressions , defamatory statements or imputations , and should not raise a question of privilege or a matter which is subjudice .
No - day - yet - named Motions : A motion which has been admitted by the Speaker and for the discussion of which no date has been fixed is called a no - day - yet - named motion .
These are placed before the ' Business Advisory Committee which selects the motions for discussion in the House and How a Motion is Moved : On the allotted day , the Speaker calls the member concerned to move the motion and make a speech .
But there is a difference .
All resolutions come in the category of substantive motions , that is to say , every resolution is a particular type of motion .
Further , all motions are not necessarily put to vote of the House , whereas all the resolutions are required to be voted upon .
Types of Resolutions Resolutions may be classified as Private Members ' Resolutions , Government Resolutions , and Statutory Resolutions .
Private Member ' s Resolution : Resolutions which are moved by private members are called Private Members ' Resolutions .
They , infact , enable the government to gauge the feelings of the House with regard to proposals which are still indefinite or may be ahead of public opinion .
A member who wants to move a resolution has to give notice to the Secretary - General informing him of intention to move the same .
There is no hard and fast rule as to the question of resignation by a government .
The only broad principle is that a government is expected to resign office or advise dissolution of the House , if it is defeated on a subject considered to be a major issue or on a specific motion of no - confidence brought forward by the Opposition and adopted by the House .
No - confidence Motion The Council of Ministers remains in office as long as it enjoys the confidence of the Lok Sabha .
In order to ascertain this confidence , the rules provide for moving a motion to this effect which is called a No - confidence Motion .
There is no express provision in the Constitution regarding the individual responsibility of a minister to Parliament for anything done or not done in his department .
This responsibility is collective .
Therefore , only a motion expressing want of confidence in the Council of Ministers as a whole is admitted and the one expressing lack of confidence in an individual minister is out of order .
A no - confidence motion need not set out grounds on which it is based , unlike a censure motion .
No conditions of admissibility have been laid down in the Rules ; the Speaker has the power to decide whether If the Speaker is of the opinion that the motion is in order , he calls upon the member , after the Question Hour is over , to ask for the leave of the House or the Speaker himself reads the motion to the House and requests those members , who are in favour of leave being granted , to rise in their places and if not less than 50 members rise in their seats , the Speaker declares that leave is granted .
Otherwise , it is taken that the member does not have the leave of the House .
A motion of no - confidence , once admitted , has to be taken up within ten days of the leave being granted .
The Speaker , after ascertaining the views of the government , decides the date for the discussion .
If the government so desires , the discussion can even be taken up forthwith .
The time for the discussion is usually fixed on the recommendation of the Business Advisory Committee .
After the members have spoken , usually the Prime Minister himself replies to the charges levelled against the government .
The mover has a right of reply .
When the debate is concluded , the Speaker puts the question forthwith and ascertains the decision of the House by a voice vote , or a division , if demanded .
The scheme underlying this statement recognised the inevitability of the partition of the country .
According to the statement , the constitution framed by the existing Constituent Assembly could not be forced on unwilling parts .
The net result and effect of the whole scheme , it was obvious , was to be the partition of India into India and Pakistan .
There would be a separate Governor - General for eachDominion who would be appointed by His Majestyand would represent His Majesty for the purposes of the government of the Dominion .
The Constituent Assembly Generally , the task of framing the constitution of a sovereign democratic nation is performed by a representative body of its people .
( a ) Presentation of the Budget : The Budget in our Parliament is presented in two parts , namely , the ' Railway Budget , pertaining to railway finance and the General Budget .
The primary idea behind presenting a separate Budget for the railways is to secure stability for civil estimates by providing for an assured contribution by the railways and also to introduce flexibility in the administration of railway finance .
While the Railway Budget is presented to the Lok Sabha by the Minister of Railways sometimes in the third week of February every year , the General Budget is presented by the Minister of Finance on the last working day of February at 5 p . m .
The Budget is presented with a Budget Speech which is , in fact , one of the most important speeches in Parliament .
This speech is in two parts : Part A contains ' a general economic survey ' of the country and Part B ' the taxation proposals ' for the ensuing financial year .
A copy of the Budget is laid on the Table of the Rajya Sabha at the conclusion of the speech of the Finance Minister in the Lok Sabha .
Soon after , the Minister introduces the Finance Bill which contains the taxation proposals made by the government .
( b ) Discussion on the Budget : The Parliament is primarily a deliberative body .
The passage of the Budget is marked by deep and thorough discussions in both Houses of the Parliament .
The discussion on the Budget starts after a few days of its presentation .
It gives members the necessary time to go through the text of the Budget and to discuss the financial proposals among themselves .
Budget is discussed in two stages ? the ' General Discussion ' followed by a detailed ' discussion and voting on the demands for grants ' .
Besides , opportunity for further discussion on financial proposals arises during consideration and passing of Appropriation Bill and the Finance Bill .
( i ) General Discussion : Discussion on the Budget starts from a general debate spread over three or four days in both the Houses of Parliament .
Convention is that at this stage , members deal with only the general aspects of fiscal and economic policy of the government and do not go into details of taxation and expenditure .
The general debate thus offers an occasion for each House to express its mood .
The government may also get an idea as to how a particular proposal will be taken at the subsequent stages .
It may be noted that the Rajya Sabha by virtue of its power , has no business with the Budget beyond the general discussion .
( ii ) Discussion on Demands for Grants : The next stage in the procedure is discussion and voting of demands for grants .
Generally , separate demands are made for the grants proposed for each ministry .
These ' demands ' are related to the expenditure part of the Budget and are in the nature of request made by the Executive to the Lok Sabha for grant of authority to spend the amount asked for .
Demands are required to be made in the form of a motion but in practice , they are assumed to have been moved and are proposed by the Chair to save the time of the House .
During the discussion on demands which is , lively , the policy and the working of the ministry comes in for close scrutiny .
Time is allotted to each ministry for discussing demands relating to that particular ministry .
It is open to members to disapprove a policy pursued by the ministry or to suggest measures for economy in the administration or to focus attention of the ministry to specific local grievances .
The members can do so by moving a subsidiary motion to the main motion for demands for grants .
These subsidiary motions are called , in parliamentary parlance , Cut Motions .
The Business Advisory Committee fixes a time limit for voting a particular demand and for all the demands for grants included in the Budget .
As soon as the time limit for a demand is over , ' Closure ' is applied and the demand is put to vote .
Likewise , on the last day allotted for all the demands , demands not disposed of so far , are put to vote whether they have been discussed or not .
This process is known as Guillotine .
With this , the discussion on demands for grants is concluded .
( iii ) Scrutiny by Departmentally Related Standing Committees : Experience had shown that year after year demands for grants of only a few ministries ? sometimes only two or three ? got discussed on the floor of the House before the Guillotine was applied , and demands for grants of all other ministries and departments of the government were voted without any parliamentary scrutiny or debate .
Set up recently , 17 departmentally related Standing Committees of Parliament are inter alia charged with the task of considering the demands for grants of the concerned ministries and departments , and report to the House before voting on the demands .
After the demands for 1994 - 95 were presented to the Parliament , both the Houses were adjourned for a period of one month to enable the respective Standing Committees to examine and discuss them .
The committees presented 48 reports on demands for grants for the year 1994 - 95 during the 1994 Budget session .
( c ) Appropriation Bill : Under the Constitution , no money can be withdrawn from the Consolidated Fund of India without enactment of law by the Parliament .
The Bill , as the name itself suggests , intends to give legal authority to the government to appropriate expenditure from and out of the Consolidated Fund .
Appropriation Bill is considered and passed in the same manner as any other Bill except that the debate is restricted to those matters ' only which were not covered during the debate on demands and that no amendments can be proposed .
After the Bill is passed by the Lok Sabha , the Speaker certifies it as a Money Bill and transmits it to the Rajya Sabha .
The latter House has no power to amend or reject the Bill , but has to give its concurrence .
The Bill , thereafter , is presented to the President for his assent .
( d ) Finance Bill : All , the financial proposals of the government for the following year are incorporated in a Bill known as the Finance Bill which is ordinarily introduced in the Lok Sabha every year immediately after the Budget is presented .
Discussion on the Bill covers matters relating to general administration and local grievances within the sphere of responsibility of the Union Government .
While general criticism of the policy of the government is permitted , discussion on the details of particular estimates is not .
In short , the whole administration comes under review but questions which have already been discussed cannot be reopened .
This Bill has to be considered and passed by the Parliament and assented to by the President within 75 days after it is introduced .
Vote on Account In a democratic set - up , the government endeavours to provide the Parliament full opportunity to discuss the budgetary provisions and the tax proposals .
The passage of the Budget beginning with its presentation and ending with discussion and voting of demands for grants and adopting Appropriation and Finance Bills , generally goes beyond the start of the current financial year .
It is necessary that the government should keep enough finance with it to run the administration of the country , until the demands are voted by the Parliament .
A special provision , therefore , has been made for what is called the Vote on Account , which empowers the Lok Sabha to make any grant in advance for a part of any financial year , pending the completion of the budgetary process .
During an election year , the vote on account may be taken for a longer period , say , three to four months , if it is anticipated that the main demands and the Appropriation Bill will take longer than two months to be passed by the House .
As a convention , vote on account is treated as a formal matter and passed by the Lok Sabha without discussion .
Vote on account is passed after the general discussion on the Budget is over and before the discussion on demands for grants is taken up .
In the case of the Railway Budget which is passed before 31 March , no vote on account is taken except , if necessary , in an election year .
Supplementary and Excess Demands for Grants No expenditure in excess of the sums authorised by the Parliament can be incurred without its sanction .
If the amount sanctioned for a particular service is found to be insufficient for the purposes of that year or when a need arises during the current financial year for supplementary or additional expenditure upon some ' new service ' not contemplated in the Budget for that year , the President causes to be laid before both the Houses of Parliament another statement Supplementary Demands for Grants showing the estimated amount of that expenditure .
If any money has been spent on any service during a financial year in excess of the amount granted for that year , the President causes to be presented to the Lok Sabha a demand for such excess .
All cases involving such excesses are brought to the notice of the Parliament by the Comptroller and Auditor General through his report on the Appropriation Accounts .
The excesses are then examined by the Public Accounts Committee which makes recommendations regarding their regularisation in its report to the House .
The Supplementary Demands for Grants are presented to and passed by the House before the end of the financial year , while the demands for excess grants are made after the expenditure has actually been incurred and after the financial year to which it relates / has expired .
Legislative Procedure Regarding Ordinary Bills Drafting of Bills : As soon as a legislative proposal is conceived , the ministry concerned works out its political , administrative , financial and other implications .
If other ministries or the State governments are also involved , their advice is obtained .
Professionals and various interest groups such as business , labour , agriculture and industry , if considered necessary , are also consulted .
The Bill is , then , examined in detail by the administrative machinery in consultation with all other authorities concerned and given a final shape .
When this has been done , the Bill is ready to be brought before the House .
It can be introduced in either of the two Houses by the minister concerned .
For this , a minister is required to give seven days ' notice , to move for leave to introduce the Bill . Simultaneously , two duly corrected copies of the Bill are sent to the Secretary - General of the House in which it is sought to be ; introduced .
After the Bill has been found complete in all respects by the Secretariat , it is included in the List of Business on a date selected by the Speaker or the Chairman as the case may be .
Normally , copies of the Bill are made available to the members at least two days before the date on which it is proposed to be introduced .
The Three Readings : A Bill has to pass through different stages in the Parliamen before it becomes an Act .
Each Bill undergoes three readings in each House , i . e . First Reading , Second Reading , and Third Reading .
( i ) First Reading : It is necessary to ask for leave of the House to introduce a Bill .
After the Question Hour on the appointed day , the minister incharge of the Bill on being called upon by the Speaker , rises in his seat and says " Sir , I beg to move for leave to introduce the Bill . . . " .
The Minister rises again to say " Sir , I introduce the Bill . . . " .
Usually , the ' introduction ' which is the ' first reading ' of a Bill is only a formality and by convention there is no discussion at this stage .
But , if introduction of a Bill is opposed on the ground that the proposed legislation is outside the legislative competence of the Parliament , the Chair may permit a full discussion In which the Attorney - General also may participate .
The question is put to vote of the House thereafter .
There being no restriction on the number of Bills to be introduced on a particular day , a minister may introduce as many Bills as he wants .
Even before introduction , a Bill can be published in the Gazette with the permission of the Speaker / Chairman .
These are ad hoc Committees which are appointed to consider particular Bills referred to them .
Bills may also now be referred by either House or its Presiding Officer to the new departmentally related Joint Standing Committees of the two Houses in accordance with the subject matter of each Bill .
Amendpents can be moved to various clauses by members of the Committee . "
The Committee can also take evidence of experts , associations or public bodies who are interested in the measure .
Procedure for consideration of a Bill is the same as it is in the House .
After clauses , schedules , etc . have been individually considered and adopted by the Committee , the Lok Sabha Secretariat prepares a report for presentation to the House ( s ) which , in its turn , considers the Bill as reported by the Committee .
Eliciting Opinion : If a motion for circulation of the Bill for the purpose of eliciting opinion thereon is adopted , the Secretariat of the House circulates letters to all the State governments and Union territories asking them to publish the Bill in their Gazettes for inviting opinions of local bodies , associations , individuals or institutions concerned with the Bill .
The period for eliciting opinion is generally specified in the motion for circulation of the Bill , but where no date has been specified , the state governments are asked to send opinions within three months of the adoption of the motion .
After the opinions have been received , these are laid on the Table of the House followed by a motion for reference of the Bill to a Select / Joint Committee .
It is not ordinarily permissible at this stage to move a motion for consideration of the Bill .
But since the President is a constitutional head who must act on the advice of the Council of Ministers , he would normally not withhold assent against the advice of his ministers but he may seek information , clarification or even reconsideration of the advice and for this purpose send the Bill back to the government ( Arts 74 ( 2 ) and 78 ( b ) ) .
This is presumably what President Zail Singh did in case of the Postal Bill and President Venkataraman in case of a Bill inter alia seeking to give pension to members of Parliament after just one year ' s service .
If the President gives his assent , the Bill becomes an Act from the date of his assent .
Instead of refusing or giving his assent he may return the Bill with a message for reconsideration by the two Houses .
If , however , the Houses pass the Bill a second time , with or without amendments , and the Bill is presented again to the President for his assent , he shall have no power to withhold his assent to the Bill .
Money Bills The Constitution provides an elaborate definition of a Money But a Bill shall not be deemed to be a Money Bill by reason only if it provides for the demand or the payment of fees for licence or fees for service rendered or by reason that it provides for imposition , abolition and regulation , etc . of any tax by a local authority or body for local purposes .
It may be remembered that in case any question arises whether a Bill is a Money Bill or not , ) the decision of the Speaker will be final .
Special Procedure Regarding Money Bills A Money Bill cannot be introduced in the Rajya Sabha .
It can be introduced in the Lok Sabha only on the recommendation of the President .
After a Money Bill has been passed by the Lok Sabha , it is passed on to the Rajya Sabha for its recommendations with a certificate by the Speaker that it is a Money Bill .
The Parliament may approve or disapprove ; of such resolution or it may not take any action thereon .
The Constitution does not provide for any time limit within which the States must signify their ratification of a Constitution ( Amendment ) Bill , referred to them for this purpose .
Private Members ' Bills In order to give opportunity to the people ' s representatives to express their views on various issues of public importance and persuade the government to formulate programmes and policies , parliamentary rules and procedures provide for initiation of legislation by private members also .
Discussion on Bills initiated by private members affords an opportunity to the House to come to grips with a problem and to discuss it in all its aspects .
All shades of opinion of the House are made known to the government , it does not matter whether the Bill is finally passed or not .
The purpose of focusing the attention of both the government and the public on the particular proposals contained in the Bill is attained .
The government takes a policy decision on the subject of the Bill and presents its views before the House .
It is obvious that the framers of the Constitution took Parliamentary Committees for granted and left it to the House to make provisions for them under their Rules of Procedure .
Under the Rules of the Lok Sabha , not every Committee consisting of members of Parliament is a Parliamentary Committee suo motu .
In fact , Consultative Committees do not report to anybody , but merely provide a forum for informal exchange of views between the ministers and members of Parliament interested in their departments .
As such , they are not Parliamentary Committees .
Types of Committees There are two types of Parliamentary Committees in India , viz . , ( i ) Standing Committees and ( ii ) ad hoc Committees .
Standing Committees are those which are elected by the House or nominated by the Speaker / Chairman every year or from time to time , as the case may be , and are permanent in nature , whereas ad hoc Committees are those constituted by the House or by the Speaker / Chairman , to consider and report on specific matters and become functus officio as soon as they have completed their work on these matters .
Standing Committees : Standing Committees in each House ( and certain Joint Committees ) may be categorised in terms of the nature of their functions as follows :
Their recommendations are intended to tone up the administration for economic , efficient and speedy execution of these policies and programmes .
Reports of these Committees have earned for them considerable respect from all sections of the society ? both official and non - official .
Each recommendation is carefully analysed and processed and the administration always endeavours to esche and avoid the faults and lapses pointed out by the Committees and to regulate its conduct in accordance with the recommendations made by the Committees .
The Financial Committees have developed adequate procedures to ensure that their recommendations are given due consideration by the government and where they are not accepted , the Committees are apprised of the reasons .
The progress in the implementation of the recommendations as well as any unresolved differences between the Committees and the government are brought to the notice of the House by way of Action Taken Reports ' .
The elaborate and effective procedure for follow - up of the recommendations made by these Committees is essentially an Indian innovation to the parliamentary procedures prevalent elsewhere .
All the three Financial Committees are elected by the House for one year .
Ministers can neither become members of these Committees , nor can they be asked to appear before them for the purpose of giving evidence .
Their Chairmen are nominated by the Speaker .
Committee on Petitions : In a parliamentary democracy like we have , it is the inherent right of the people to present petitions to the Parliament with a view to ventilating grievances and seeking redressal thereof and offering constructive suggestions on matters of public importance .
This right is exercised through the mechanism of a Committee on Petitions .
Each House of Parliament has a Committee on Petitions .
In the Lok Sabha , the Committee consists of 15 members , while in the Rajya Sabha , it has 10 members .
The function of the Committee on Petitions is to examine every petition which , after presentation to the House , stands referred to the Committee .
The Committee reports to the House on specific complaints made in the petitions after taking such evidence as it deems fit .
The Committee suggests remedial measures , either on the specific case under review or in a general way to prevent such cases in future .
The Committee also considers representations , including letters and telegrams received from various individuals and associations which are not covered by the rules relating to petitions , and gives directions for their proper disposal .
This Committee has already made its mark in affording parliamentary support to the common man in the matter of redressal of his just grievances .
It has proved to be a real boon to those wronged and oppressed citizens for whom no remedy or relief is available elsewhere .
While the Committee of the Lok Sabha consists of 15 members , the Committee of the Rajya Sabha has 10 members .
To ensure an effective and continuous check on a possible abuse of such power by the administration each House of Parliament has its own Committee on Subordinate Legislation .
The Committee of each House consists of 15 members nominated by the Speaker / Chairman .
Normally , the Committee is reconstituted every year .
The Committee also examines all Bills , which seek to delegate powers of legislation to a subordinate authority with a view to seeing whether suitable provisions for laying of rules or orders on the Table of the House have been made therein .
If the Committee comes to the conclusion that the provisions contained in the Bill delegating legislative powers should be annulled wholly or in part or should be amended in any respect , it may make a report to the House before the Bill is taken up for consideration .
The Committee consists of 30 members , 20 from Lok Sabha and 10 from Rajya Sabha , elected by the respective Houses of Parliament from amongst their members .
The functions of the Committee are mainly to consider the Report of the Commissioner for Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes and report to the Parliament as to the measures taken or required to be taken by the government thereon .
It also ensures the effective implementation of the constitutional safeguards for these backward communities .
( vi ) Service Committees There are also a few Committees of the Parliament which look into various kinds of facilities and services provided to the members and other matters connected with the functioning of the members of the Houses of Parliament .
These are the General Purposes Committee , the House Committee , the Library Committee and the Joint Committee on Salaries and Allowances of Members of Parliament .
General Purposes Committee : In each House there is a General Purposes Committee .
The Presiding Officer of the concerned House is the ex officio Chairman of the Committee .
It consists of the Deputy Speaker or Deputy Chairman as the case may be , members of Panel of Chairmen , Chairmen of all the Standing Committees belonging to that House , leaders of recognised parties / groups and such other members as may be nominated by the Presiding Officer .
The Committee is constituted to advise on such ad hoc matters concerning the affairs of the House and its members as do not appropriately fall within the purview of any other Parliamentary Committee and which may be referred to it from time to time .
Library Committee : The Library Committee which is a joint committee of the two Houses consists of six members of Lok Sabha ( including the Deputy Speaker ) nominated by the Speaker and three members of the Rajya Sabha nominated by its Chairman .
The main function of this Committee is to help the members in the use of the library and , its allied services , viz . reference , research and documentation .
It advises the Speaker on matters pertaining to the selection of books , framing of library rules and its future planning , etc .
The Joint Committee on Salaries and Allowances of Members of Parliament : The Joint Committee was constituted to frame rules under the Salaries and Allowances of Members of Parliament Act , 1954 .
It consists of ten members from Lok Sabha and five from Rajya Sabha .
The functions of the Committee are to make , after consultation with the Government of India , rules to provide for matters like medical ; housing , telephone and postal facilities to members of the two Houses and generally for regulating the payment of their daily and travelling allowances , etc .
Conclusion Notwithstanding the fact that the Joint Parliamentary Com - mittee Report on the Bofors Gun Deal did not carry conviction with the Opposition and that the Action Taken Report on the Report of the JPC . on the Securities Scam generated fierce controversies , generally the government views recommendations of Parliamentary Committees with deference and accepts most of them .
Committee Reports instil fear and respect in the administration .
The 17 Departmental Committees cover the entire gamut of governmental activities .
More importantly , these new structures constitute significant improvements in the existing instrumentalities . for ensuring scrutiny of the government .
Yet , as a representative body of the people , it is the trustee of their sovereignty .
It has to keep a watch on their interests and do all that may be necessary to ensure that the administration acts within the ambit of the Constitution .
Constitutional Provisions The underlying object of establishing separate and independent Secretariats for the two Houses has been to ensure an effective and unimpaired exercise of the concepts of executive responsibility and the administrative accountability to the Parliament .
In fact , the Constitution of India itself has recognised this paramount need .
While Arts 74 and 75 ordain that the Council of Ministers with the Prime Minister at its head shall be collectively responsible to the Lok Sabha , Art . 98 ( clause 1 ) provides for separate staff for each House and also allows the creation of posts common to both .
And clause 3 provides that until such laws are made by the Parliament , the President may , after consultation with the respective Presiding Officers , make rules regulating their recruitment and conditions of service .
No legislation has been passed by the Parliament so far , under clause 2 of Art . 98 of the Constitution .
But on 1 October 1955 , in pursuance of clause 3 of Art . 98 , Lok Sabha Secretariat ( Recruitment and Conditions of Service ) Rules , 1955 , were framed and promulgated by the President in consultation with the Speaker .
Similar rules in respect of the Rajya Sabha Secretariat were framed and promulgated by the President in 1957 , in consultation with the Chairman .
They do their own recruitments through competitive examinations .
The Financial Committee Service for rendering secretarial assistance and attending to all works connected with the three Financial Committees and the Railway Convention Committee ;
Parliament Library and Information Service The Parliament of India may easily claim to have one of the best libraries with very efficient information service .
The underlying idea was to project through audio - visual means an integrated and healthy image of the country to members of foreign parliamentary delegations , visiting dignitaries / students , tourists and others coming to Delhi .
With the latest technological advances and the widening scope and complexities of governmental business , some attention has been paid in recent years to the need for better equipped and suitably trained professional staff to man the Secretariats of the Houses of our Parliament .
That each Legislature requires efficient and adequate staff cannot be overemphasised .
The nature of the responsibilities of their officers and staff requires a high degree of quality and promptness , while ensuring at the same time economy , efficiency and specialisation coupled with mobility and diversification of experience .
The officers and staff of the two Houses , serving members of Parliament , as they do , have to be persons of high calibre , impeccable integrity , requisite qualification and training .
They have to use all their competence , tact and experience in discharging their onerous responsibilities .
He has to make sure that factual information supplied to the Speaker is correct in every respect , that all the relevant rulings and precedents pertaining to an issue are placed before the Chair to facilitate right decisions being taken .
As far as advice to members is concerned , parliamentary officials are not expected to offer it gratuitously .
These rules are based on the Rules of Procedure and Conduct of Business in both the Houses and have been gradually evolved from conventions and rulings given by the Presiding Officers from time to time .
Behaviour in the House When the Sitting Begins : The first rule to be observed by the members in their behaviour towards the House when it is in session is that they should be present in their seats a few minutes before the scheduled time of the commencement of a sitting and its re - assembly after lunch - break .
Once the sitting of the House commences , every member should enter and leave the Chamber with decorum and in such a manner as not to disturb the proceedings in the House .
A member should bow to the Chair while entering or leaving the Chamber , and also when taking or leaving his seat .
This respect is to the whole House and not to an individual occupying the Chair .
The Speaker represents the House to all outside bodies and authorities .
Regard for the authority of the Chair as the symbol of the corporate personality of the House , is the basic norm of parliamentary conduct .
While Speaking : A leading principle is that at any point of time only one member should speak or ask questions and the Chair is given the power to call upon members to speak one by one .
When a member wants to speak he should rise in his place to attract the attention of the Chair .
Member ' s Pecuniary Interest A member having a personal , pecuniary or direct interest in the matter to be decided by the House is expected , while taking part in the proceedings on that matter , to declare his interest .
This is to ensure objectivity in deliberations and avoid any objection being taken to the vote of the member on ground of personal , pecuniary or direct interest .
Similarly , in case a member of a Committee has any such interest in a matter which is to be considered by the Committee , he should state his interest in the matter to the Speaker .
Customs and Conventions Besides the rules of legislative etiquette which the members are expected to observe ; while in the House , there are a number of customs and conventions which are equally important for the maintenance of proper standards in parliamentary life and the dfgnity of the House and its members .
Members of Parliament are , therefore , expected to observe a certain standard of conduct not only inside the House but also outside it . f
The conduct of members should not be contrary to the usalge or derogatory to the dignity of the House or hi any way inconsistent with the standard which the Parliament is entitled to expect from its members .
The extent and amplitude of the words " conduct of a member " have not beeni defined exhaustively , and it is within the powers of thej House in each case to determine whether a member has acted in an unbecoming manner or has acted in a manner unworthy of a member of Parliament .
Thus even though the facts of a particular case do not come within any of the recognised heads of breach of privilege or contempt of the House , the conduct of a member may be considered by the House as unbecoming and derogatory to the dignity of the House ;
It exercises its jurisdiction of scrutiny over its members for their conduct whether it takes place inside or outside the House .
It also has the power to punish a member for disorderly conduct and other contempts , whether committed within the House or beyond its walls .
When a member violates any of the restrictions , the Speaker may direct him to discontinue his speech or order the defamatory , indecent , unparliamentary or undignified words used by the member to be withdrawn or expunged from the proceedings of the House .
As to the accusation that the Draft constitution has produced a good part of the provisions of the Government of India Act , 1935 , I make no apologies .
There is nothing to be ashamed of in borrowing .
It involves no plagiarism .
Nobody holds any patent rights in the fundamental ideas of a constitution .
The clause by clause consideration of the Draft constitution was completed during 15 November 1948 - 17 October 1949 .
The Drafting Committee , thereafter , carried the consequential or necessary amendments , prepared the final draft and placed it before the assembly .
The second Reading of the constitution was completed on 16 November 1949 and on the next day the assembly Dr .
The motion was adopted on 26 November 1949 and thus on that day , the people of India in the constituent assembly adopted , enacted and gave to themselves the constitution of the Sovereign Democratic Republic of India .
The Parliament Buildings comprise of the Parliament House , Parliament House Annexe , Reception Office and the upcoming Parliament Library Complex .
Together called the Parliament House Estate , it includes extensive lawns , pools , fountains and roads .
The Estate is enclosed by an ornamental red sand - stone wall and iron grills with massive iron gates .
The Parliament House which houses the two Chambers of Parliament ? the Lok Sabha ( House of the People ) and the Rajya Sabha ( Council of States ) ? was built during 1921 - 27 .
Described as " one of the most magnificient buildings in New Delhi " with " one of the brightest clusters of architectural gems possessed by any country in the world " , Parliament House compares very well with the best legislature buildings anywhere .
The building has 12 gates , 5 with porches .
Even though designed by foreign architects , the building was built with indigenous material and by Indian labour and its architecture bears a close imprint of Indian traditions .
The aims that inspire the users of Esperanto are still as important and relevant as ever .
Neither the worldwide use of a few national languages , nor advances in communications technology , nor the development of new methods of language teaching is likely to result in a fair and effective language order based on the following principles , which we hold to be essential .
Any system of communication which confers lifelong privileges on some while requiring others to devote years of effort to achieving a lesser degree of competence is fundamentally antidemocratic .
While Esperanto , like any language , is not perfect , it far outstrips other languages as a means of egalitarian communication on a world scale .
We maintain that language inequality gives rise to communicative inequality at all levels , including the international level .
All ethnic languages are bound to certain cultures and nations .
The child who learns Esperanto learns about a world without borders , where every country is home .
We maintain that education in any language is bound to a certain view of the world .
Likewise he discarded , even at this early age , all trappings of belief and faith , and stuck to his concept of God as Luminous Pure Intelligence .
In his manifesto , in his last years , for the Fellowship that he founded , he declares :
Lord , how You led me through my small years away from falsehoods of castes , rituals and observances , letting me know them to be such , and steadily , as the years passed , illumining my intelligence and so speeding me on my quest .
For twenty - three years , all through his stay in Madras , Ramalinga used to escape from the city , and go daily to Tiruvottriyur on foot , composing poems and songs to the temple ' s Deity , Lord Tyagaraja .
Tired out , he would often spend the night there , sleeping in the open .
He used to visit also Tiruttanihai ( the shrine of Muruga ) , Tiruvahdayam and Tirumullaivayil .
From early years he , born in Marudur , resident successively in Madras , Karunguzhi , Vadalur and Mettuk - kuppam , took Chidambaram as his eponym , calling himself ' Chidambaram Ramalingam ' .
Bound to Chidambaram now , he took his time , visiting sacred shrines on the way , like Sirhazhi , the birth - place of the great Saivite saint Tirugnana - Sambandar whom he had , from early years , adopted as his spiritual Guru .
He gave discourses at the temple and composed songs in praise of the Deity .
Then he visited Vaithiswaran Koil , here too composing songs and hymns , and finally arrived at Karunguzhi , near his own village Marudur .
His elder brother , Parasurama Pillai , who was living there , died a few days after Ramalinga ' s arrival .
When Ramalinga was about to leave the place for Chidambaram , the revenue officer of the village , named Venkata Reddiar , requested Ramalinga to stay in his house , and Ramalinga continued to stay there . A room was set apart for him in the house ; and Venkata Reddiar and his wife Muthiyalu Ammal attended to his needs dutifully for nine years until he left Karunguzhi in 1867 .
As in Madras , Ramalinga spent only the nights at home , being out all day , walking with God , worshipping in temples and composing songs .
Chidambaram , called Tillai in Tamil , is so ancient a shrine that St . Manikka Vachahar , who lived in seventh century A . D . , refers to it as ' ancient Tillai ' .
Rigid or Flexible : Constitutions may be called rigid or flexible on the ground of the amending procedure being difficult or easy .
Federal Constitutions are usually classified as rigid because of their difficult amending processes .
Our Constitution may be said to be a combination of rigid and flexible in as much as certain provisions of the Constitution - e . g . articles 2 , 3 and 4 , and 169 - can be amended like ordinary legislation by simple majority in the Houses of Parliament .
Only in the case of a few of the provisions , in addition to a special majority in the two Houses of Parliament , an amendment would require the ratification of not less than one - half of the States .
during 51 years , there were as many as 83 amendments of our Constitution .
Federal or Unitary : Constitutions are also divided between federal and unitary .
The classic example of the first category again is the U . S . Constitution and of the second the U . K . Constitution .
In a unitary constitution , all powers are vested in the Central Government to which the authorities in the units are subordinate and function as the agents of the Government at the Centre and exercise authority by delegation from the Centre .
In a federal polity , usually , there must be a rigid , written constitution , it must be supreme and it must specifically divide powers between the federal government and the governments of the units - both exercising powers in their respective spheres in their own right and independently .
Also , there must be an independent supreme court as the arbiter of any disputes between the Union and the States .
The disciples who took upon themselves this labour of devotion were Velu Mudaliar of Pondicherry , Sivananda Mudaliar of Selvarayapuram , and Ratna Mudaliar of Irrukkam .
It is to Ratna Mudaliar that we are most indebted for the book .
For six years , from 1860 to 1866 , which is attested to by the correspondence between them , Ratna Mudaliar perserved .
In 1860 he wrote to Ramalinga ( the letter is lost but is inferred from Ramalinga ' s reply to it ) that he would eat only one meal a day until he had brought out the book .
Ramalingas in his reply dated 30 December 1860 , wrote he would collect his poems but that he would request his friend , ' dear like the pupils of one ' s eyes ' , to desist from the vow .
Otherwise , Ramalinga wrote , he himself would take a similar vow .
At last , Ratna Mudaliar succeeded in collecting the poems and publishing the book in February 1867 .
He appended to it a tribute to Ramalinga and an account of his life and of the manner of publication of the book , in a poem consisting of sixty - six verses .
No leeway shall I give you , none He emerged above the earthly plane to one of different dimensions where we , ordinary humans , may not follow him .
In describing Ramalinga , one cannot better what Huston Smith has said of Buddha :
After words had done their best , there remained in their master the essence of mysteryunplumbed depth which their language could not express because their thought could not fathom .
To Ramalinga ' s compassion we have devoted one full section already .
Huston Smith says with reference to Buddha , ' a Franciscan tenderness so strong as to have caused his message to be subtitled , " a religion of infinite compassion " . '
It seems to the present writer that human compassion reached its acme in Ramalinga .
He made it the essential and the single step in soul - making and God - becoming , and in such terms , tender , firm , unmistakable and logical , as had not been heard with that ring before and has not been heard since .
The open space was at the meeting of two highways , one from Madras to Kumbakonam , and the other from Manjakuppam to Vriddhachalam .
On getting to know this , the people owning the land ( amounting to eighty kanis or one hundred and eight acres ) at this site , made a gift of it to him in a deed dated 2 February 1867 , bearing the signatures of forty owners .
The feeding of people in the temporary hutment , the construction of permanent structures , the digging of a well , pond and tank for the Hall were started on the same day with a ceremonial opening .
A thousand printed invitations were issued to the public .
It is stated that one thousand and six hundred people were fed daily for the first three years .
The feeding of the hungry and whoever calls there continues to - day .
At the opening of the Eating House on 23 May 1867 , Chidambaram Venkatasubba Dikshitar read out extracts from Ramalinga ' s tract Jivakarynya Ozhukkam ( The Law of Compassion ) .
The foremost tenet in Ramalinga ' s religion was compassion for life .
The Lord has flowed into me and I into Him , past distincion we are one !
Light the truth within them . guide them to the path of pure knowledge , and so to true bliss .
We may compare this confident ecstasy with the following from Taittiriya Upanishad : This refers to deathlessness of the body , not immortality as usually understood . op . cit .
Of the poems and songs that Ramalinga composed during this period ( which were published in 1880 , six years after his passing , as the sixth section of Holy Book of Grace ) Tiru Uran Adigal says that , if we consider the Holy Book as a Body of Knowledge , the sixth section will be the face , the hymn to the Supreme Light the eyes , and the symbolic word ( or mantra ) , Arut Perum - jyoti ( Supreme Light of Grace ) the pupils .
This hymn , composed in ahaval metre , consists of 1596 lines , a dimension not reached in that metre elsewhere in Tamil poetry .
We have the date of its composition : 18 April 1872 .
They are a monarchy with a hereditary King while we are a republic with an elected President .
In the U . S . system , the Supreme Court with its power of judicial review and of interpreting the Constitution has assumed supremacy .
In India , the Constitution has arrived at a middle course .
But , since we have a written constitution and the powers and functions of every organ are defined and delimited by the Constitution , there is no question of any organ - not even Parliament - being sovereign .
Both Parliament and the Supreme Court are supreme in their respective spheres .
Avail yourself of this , without wasting time .
The song " Thinking , and again thinking of Him " , will be suitable for prayer . '
It would appear , from the statement that ' for some time the Lord will be in this flame ' , that Ramalinga expected the coming of the Lord and his own end .
This is dear from the song of his that he refers to , which was composed by him at this time :
This went on for three months .
While the similarity between the two is striking , the difference is equally striking between the poet ' s hope of ' meeting the Pilot , and the saint ' s vision of having met the Pilot , face to face . ( PREVIOUS ) ( NEXT ) THE LAST YEARS IN METTUKUPPAM SAW A RAMALINGA WHO had turned away from formal religion and become the prophet of universal brotherhood , based on the identity of the soul in all life ( not only in mankind ) , and his conception of God as the Light of Consciousness in all , the Supreme Light whose nature is grace , and which man can attain only by developing and being turned into such grace himself at his own level .
Ramalinga did away with all religious doctrines , dogmas , rituals and observances .
It is however only fair to say that his God of Supreme Light is but a variation of Siva , conceived in the abstract , as evidenced frequently by his hymns , in which he addresses the Supreme Light by the specific ap - pelations of Siva , like the Dancer of the Cosmic Dance , Lord of the Cosmic Stage , Lord Nataraja , etc .
Indeed , even in traditional Hinduism , Siva is cons dered to be Pure Efaulgent Light .
The teachings of Theosophy are the same as those of RamaHnga .
The Mundaka Upanishad ( II , 9 and 10 ) says :
In the supreme effulgent sheath rests the stainless , transcendental Brahman .
That is pure , that is the light of all lights .
Ramalinga described Intelligence as ' the light within light within light ' ( Jyotiyutjyotiyutjyoti ) , the outermost being the light of the individual soul , the next being the Light of Grace , and the innermost the Supreme Light .
SRI RAMAKRISHNA SAID , ' THE BEE BUZZES ROUND THE FLOWER only as long as it has not tasted the honey .
When they are lured to utterance , before or after , the result is not always poetry , or poetry of the highest order .
But the poet , in centra - distinction to the mystic , is lured by the demon of utterance into the expression of the inexpressible .
On the other hand , great poets , in the expression of their visions , do shape from their visions things of beauty that are a joy for ever .
The sayings of prophets do strike a note of poetry to a varying extent .
We recognize clearly the poetry of Jesus and the poetry of Buddha .
Ramalinga is a unique exception .
He is not only with the Sons of Light , like Buddha and Ramakrishna , he is also with the Sons of Song , like Keats or Shelley or Blake or Tennyson at their very bestpoets whose utterances are the purest melodyand with pioneer poets who have extended the frontiers and potentialities of language .
There was hardly an institution or cause to which he did not give generously .
He helped in the founding of the National Library in Calcutta as also of the first centre of modern education in India , the Hindu College , in 1816 , which later grew into what is now known as the Presidency College of Calcutta .
He was actively associated with the establishment in 1835 of the first medical college and hospital in Calcutta which is today a vast network of hospitals and a major centre of medical education in the country .
He gave free scholarships to encourage students to take up the study of medicine and in order to break down the Hindu prejudice against dissection of dead bodies , he would himself be present in the room when the dissection took place .
He was the first Indian member and patron of the Asiatic Society of Bengal founded in 1784 by Sir William Jones .
Many of the leading scientific institutions of today , like the Archaeological Survey of India , the Zoological Survey of India , the Botanical and Geological Surveys of India as well as the Indian Museum in Calcutta , the oldest and biggest in India , owe their origin to this Society .
On the eve of his departure for England a contemporary English journal published in Calcutta wrote , " To describe Dwarkanath ' s public charities would be to enumerate every charitable institution in Calcutta , for from which of them has he withheld his most liberal donations ? "
It was not only that he gave of his wealth generously and wisely . He stood up bravely , in the teeth of popular opposition .
He was a faithful friend and staunch supporter of Raja Rammohun Roy , that remarkable religious and social reformer and visionary whom Indian historians have described unanimously as the Father of modern India .
" Our food had nothing to do with delicacies .
A list of our articles of clothing would only invite the modern boy ' s scorn .
On no pretext did we wear socks or shoes till we had passed our tenth year .
In the cold weather a second cotton tunic sufficed .
It never entered our heads to consider ourselves ill - off for that reason .
It was only when old Niyamat , the tailor , would forget to put a pocket into our tunic that we complained , for no boy has yet been born so poor as not to have the wherewithal to stuff his pockets . "
The period of childhood and early boyhood which was spent under the tutelage of family servants was later dubbed by him as servocracy .
So the child remained rooted to the spot and dared not step out , though the servant had disappeared .
Through the Venetian shutters of the window he would gaze below and be absorbed in watching the antics of the various bathers , each with his peculiar ritual , and the giant banyan ' tree and the play of shadows round its base .
Years later he was to recall this childhood companion :
If the child submitted to the rigours of " servocracy " it was not because he was unduly docile but because of his boundless curiosity in his surroundings which invested even the most trivial object with interest .
" Looking back on childhood ' s days the thing that recurs most often is the mystery which used to fill both life and world . . .
It was as if Nature shut her hands and laughingly asked , ' What have I got inside ? ' and nothing seemed impossible . "
The painful experience of a circumscribed childhood was also to survive as a lasting impression and to mould his ideal of education in later years .
The child ' s curiosity and longing for the big and mysterious world of men and nature beyond the confines of home and the school became for him symbolical of the souls yearning for " the great beyond " .
In his play Dak Ghar ( later published in English as The Post Office ) which he wrote in 1911 he dramatised this longing in the character of the little boy Amal .
Amal is a delicate and sensitive child who is confined to his bed in a dark room because his over - solicitous guardian and the ignorant family physician fear that he will catch all kinds of ailments if exposed to " the elements " .
' The only memories of this school which survived were the foul language of one of the teachers which shocked the child and the compulsory community singing of an English song before the lessons began " evidently an attempt to introduce an element of cheerfulness into the daily routine . "
The Bengali boys could neither follow the words which were in English nor the tune which was unfamiliar .
All one had to do was to pour words into a fourteen syllable mould and they would condense into verse .
Thus the child scribbled his first verse in the popular Bengali metre , Payar .
" The lotus of poetry blossomed in no time in this fourteen - syllabled form and even the bees found a foothold on it . "
The child was , however , disappointed .
Was poetry no more than this amusing exercise ?
Nevertheless the experience was intoxicating .
He got hold of a blue copy book in which he started scribbling his verses .
The Maharshi was enchanted and sat down for his evening meditation under a pair of chhatim trees .
When he rose from his meditation he had already made up his mind that the place would be his . He lost no time in negotiating for its purchase .
There the father and son spent the first few days of their journey .
This was Rabi ' s first experience of freedom of unrestricted physical movement in the midst of open nature which he loved ; and he revelled in the luxury .
The father , however , did not leave him entirely to his own resources .
He read with him select pieces from Sanskrit , Bengali and English literatures , and in the evening made him sit by his side and sing his favourite hymns .
At night when the Indian sky revealed the splendour of the stars , he gave him lessons in astronomy .
The watch was wound with such zeal that it had to be sent to the watchmakers in Calcutta for repair .
Whenever he was inclined to compliment himself on his own performance she reminded him of a Sanskrit saying that " unworthy aspirant after poetic fame departs in jeers . "
Thus while she checked his conceit from growing , she sedulously encouraged the best in him , for at that time his most ardent ambition was to win her admiration .
She herself was a genuine lover of literature and music and had a keen and sharp sensibility .
She also shared with him her keen appreciation of his eldest brother Dwijendranath ' s recently published poetic composition , Svdpnaprayan ( Dream Journey ) , a superb allegory and a masterpiece of metrical experiments whose " beauties had become intertwined with every fibre of my heart , " to quote Rabindranath ' s own words .
That was the time when the novels of Bankim Chatterji were being serialised in the literary journal Bangadarsan , " taking the Bengali heart by storm . . .
When Bangadarsan came there was no midday nap for any one in the neighbourhood .
It was my good fortune not to have to snatch for it , for I had the gift of being an acceptable reader .
My sister - in - law would rather listen to my reading aloud than read for herself .
There were no electric fans then , but as I read I shared the benefits of her hand fan . "
The poet understood the poet while the theologians wrangled .
This fascination grew until at the age of sixteen he was seized with a strong desire to pour his own vague yearnings in the same mould which would express the fervour of his feelings while screening their object .
One day in the season of rains when thick clouds had gathered in the sky , he lay in his room alone and taking a slate in hand wrote the first of these lyrics in the archaic language of the medieval poets : Gahana kusuma kunja majhe . . .
Several readers were taken in by this hoax and Rabindranath has told us in his Reminiscences how a Bengali scholar , Dr . Nishikanta Chatterjee , who was in Germany when the issues of Bharati in which these lyrics appeared reached him , was so impressed by them that in his book on the lyrical poetry of India published in German he gave a very high place to this 15th century poet Bhanu Singh .
Apart from this innocent literary fraud associated with these early lyrics , what is of chief significance is the fact that these were almost the only compositions of this period which the author in his mature years allowed to be included in his Collected Works .
A literary qareer by itself was no profession in those days and it was a matter of legitimate concern to the family how to harness the impetuous talents of this precocious boy to some useful and respectable occupation .
His elder brother Satyendranath suggested to the Maharshi that he might take Rabindra to England with him ( he himself was to proceed there shortly on leave , his wife and children having already preceded him ) and give him a chance to become something , preferably a Civil Servant like himself , or , at any rate , a Barrister of one of the Inns of Court , a tribe held in high esteem in India in those days .
So he was brought to London and put in a lodging house facing the Regent ' s Park .
More than the cold , it was this dismal bleakness which chilled him to his bones .
It seemed as if nature wore a perpetual frown , the sky was turbid and the light of day lacked lustre " like a dead man ' s eye " .
He knew no one A tutor had been engaged to teach him Latina good soul but somewhat of a crank .
He was obsessed with a theory that in each age one dominant idea is manifested in every human society all over the world , irrespective of there being any outward channel of communication between these different societies .
This pretence of learning Latin lasted for some time until Rabindra changed his lodgings .
When he offered to settle his dues , the honest tutor would not accept any payment , saying , " I have done nothing and only wasted your time . "
It was with some difficulty that he was persuaded to accept the fee .
During this period of his stay in London he visited the Houses of Parliament and heard Gladstone and John Bright speak on the Irish Home Rule .
Rabindra ' s days in London , after his return from Torquay , were pleasantly spent ; he was lucky in finding a home with a friendly English family , that of one Dr Scott .
When he first arrived at the house , only the white - haired doctor , his wife and eldest daughter were there .
The two young daughters , alarmed at the prospect of their home being invaded by " a blackie " , had gone off to stay with a relative .
They returned only when they were assured that the stranger was harmless .
In course of time he became everyone ' s favourite , including the dog Tabby ' s who would not eat until he had played with him .
Mrs Scot , ' treated him like a son and looked after him with more affection and solicitude than he had known from his own mother .
Her devotion to her husband and family impressed him greatly .
The daughters , too , grew very fond of him , particularly the third one who was more or less of his age and could sing and play on the piano .
She taught him several English and Irish songs .
The only thing he brought with himself was the unfinished manuscript of a long lyrical drama he had begun in London , with the significant title , Bhagna Hriday ( The Broken Heart ) .
His reticence will continue to baffle his biographer .
There is the inevitable poet , young and dream - entranced , break -
ing others ' hearts and not knowing what he himself wants .
There are several other characters in the drama and they all manage to break each other ' s heart .
But neither the tragedy nor the philosophy is real , for the author was too young to have deeply experienced what he was trying to express .
And yet the need to exercise his poetic gift was real and the poem has some lovely lyrical passages which show that the young author was steadily gaining mastery of the form .
Though the poem was not later included in his Collected Works , it did help to establish his reputation on its first appearance .
for such lyrical ease and romantic abandon were something new in Bengali poetry .
The Maharaja of Tripura sent his Chief Minister to Calcutta to wait on the young poet and to convey to him the Maharaja ' s felicitations on this literary achievement .
What surprised the author in his mature years was not that he wrote this long drawn , overheated effusion at the age of eighteen and thought it good , but that others thought it good too .
" The curious part of it is that not only was I eighteeen , but every one around me seemed to be eighteen likewise . "
But however painful the pang at parting , this " broken heart " on his return home was more carefree and happy than ever .
" Spencer ' s idea that through a development of these emotional modulations of voice man founds music appealed to me .
Why should it not do , I thought to myself , to act a drama in a kind of recitative based on this idea ?
He tried it out in Valmiki Pratibha and was much encouraged by its stage success .
He himself took the part of Valmiki and his young niece Pratibha that of the little girl whom the robber chief rescued .
This too was successfully produced , Rabindra himself in the role of the blind hermit .
Thus lonely , dejected and obsessed with morbid fancies , he sought release in self - expression and felt obliged to please nobody .
The young poet was in love with sorrow and revelled in the bitter - sweet despair .
The name , Evening Songs , indicates the wistfulness of the mood as also the subconscious intimation that it was the sunset of the first phase of his creative development when " I was busy blowing up a raging flame with the bellows of my emotions . "
The first poem is appropriately an ode to Evening , pictured as a lonely and mysterious woman , half visible in the shadows of gathering darkness , her dishevelled hair spread out , her face bent over the earth .
" What is it you are softly humming to yourself ?
He feels a strange kinship with her which he elaborates in the rest of the poem .
In another poem he sympathises with the plight of a falling star driven to its suicide .
In one poem he reproaches his sister - in - law for having left him behind .
" She is gonewhat more is there to say ?
They are gone - what song is left to sing ?
Only the heart wails its monotonous chant : They are gone , they are gone , leaving behind a wrecked heart .
They are gone and with them are gone the flower and the bird and the light that brightens the day .
Like a torn and soiled garment I am cast away . "
The Spirit of Evening which he invoked in the first poem , vague and mysterious , has now assumed a concrete and familiar image .
" Long ago , when I was a child , you wrapped me round with your affection as the evening envelopes the earth with its peace .
Had the evening taught you its magic spell ?
You revealed my own hidden wealth to me , and without singing yourself , you taught me all the songs I know . "
The melancholy expressed in this sheaf of poems is naive and adolescent but by no means insincere or affected .
The author who in later years blushed at some of these poems and would have liked to exclude them from his published works stoutly defended them against the charge of affectation .
" The fortunate possessor of good eyesight , " he commented in his Reminiscences , " is apt to , sneer at the youth with glasses , as if he wears them for ornament . "
Dejected and oppressed with his self , Rabindra wrote to his father , who was as usual in the Himalayas , . asking for permission to go back to England and resume his studies .
The permission came and in April 1881 he sailed for the second time to England , accompanied by a nephew .
On the evening before he sailed he delivered a public lecture in Calcutta on " Music and Feeling " illustrating his thesis with many songs .
It was his first public lecture and he tried to prove , with vocal demonstrations , that the function of music was to express what the words fail to express .
He was coming out of his shell into . the public eye and had already published a strongly worded polemical article on " Death Traffic in China " in which he condemned Britain for her opium trade in that country .
This dualism in him , of intense subjectivity and a manly concern with the objective world , was a basic characteristic of his personality , from his childhood to death .
The second voyage to England proved abortive .
The nephew who accompanied him had married recently , and began to get , as soon as the boat left Calcutta , as sick for wife as he felt sick of sea .
His first full - fledged novel , Bou - Thakuranir Hat ( The Young Queen ' s Market ) , was also written here .
This first novel is a historical melodrama , cast in the mould which his predecessor Bankim Chandra Chatterji had made very popular .
No wonder that when it was published the author received a letter from the famous veteran congratulating him on the achievement .
The substance of the plot and the significance of the title may be summed up as follows : A brave and ruthless King persecutes his son for daring to show sympathy with his suffering subjects .
The Prince is finally exiled .
On his way to the holy city of Banaras he escorts his sister to her husband ' s kingdom .
On arriving there they learn that the husband had in the meanwhile taken another wife .
The disappointed sister accompanies her brother in the exile .
The place where they had moored their boat is still known as the young queen ' s market .
As a work of fiction in itself , the novel has little to recommend it .
Nevertheless its historical importance in the author ' s development is considerable .
It is like a little nursery bed in a backyard where the seedlings were tried out which were later transplanted and made to flower elsewhere .
Many situations and characters which the author later developed in his dramas are to be found here in their incipient form : a king indifferent to his people ' s welfare ; a prince atoning for his father ' s wrongs ; an old man , simple and jovial , seemingly naive but rich in intuitive wisdom and humanity who voices the author ' s philosophy of life , and young women , loving or hating , but always more dynamic and real than the male characters .
After this idyllic holiday in the villa on the Ganges , the two brothers and Kadambari Devi returned to Calcutta .
They did not , however , go back to the ancestral house atjorasanko but took up their residence in Sudder Street , not far from where the Museum now stands .
It was in this modest house in the very heart of the bustling metropolis that the young poet had his first deeply felt spiritual experience which burst upon him as a vision so vivid and authentic that its impression lasted all his life .
He has himself described it at length in his Reminiscences and later in The Religion of Man .
One early morning as he was standing on the balcony of the house watching the sun rise behind the fringe of trees at the end of the lane , " all of a sudden a covering seemed to fall away from my eyes , and I found the world bathed in a wonderful radiance , with waves of beauty and joy swelling on every side . "
All the gloom and despondency which had weighed over and oppressed his spirit , forcing it to turn upon itself in a morbid relish of its own disease , fell from him like a garment cut from end to end .
The freed water rushed forth , gurgling and cascading , leaping over the rocks and striking music from each obstacle .
In this mood of semi - exaltation , a rediscovery of the wonder of this world and the joy of living , he wrote a number of poems which were later published as Prabhat Sangeet ( Morning Songs ) .
In another he reviews his own life , how as a child he had loved nature passionately , how later he lost his way in the wilderness of his heart and nature ceased to be a source of delight , and how he had now suddenly recovered his lost heritage , with widened dimensions .
Thus he goes on , in poem after poem , celebrating his new faith with the zeal of a convert till one begins to wonder if this joy was not somewhat infected with a similar adolescent self - consciousness as was the melancholy which he had celebrated in the Evening Songs .
Nevertheless , these poems were an authentic herald of the majestic procession that was to follow and in language and metrical movement opened a new path in Bengali poetry untrodden before .
In some of them the backbone of thought is already forming which later was to make some of his poems perfect specimens of that blend of feeling , imagination , thought and music which is the mark of great poetry .
It was natural for the young man to assume that if the commonplace sights and sounds of a dingy street in Calcutta could bring him such joy , he would get more of it were he to visit the Himalayas .
That is why the poet has to turn and twist them in metre and verse , so that the meaning may be held somewhat in check , and the feeling allowed a chance to express itself . "
Two other poems included in this book also bear the germ of his favourite philosophy that Being is Becoming , that life is ever moving and renewing itself and that death is what helps it to renew itself .
" Every year I have lived , I have died too . "
In another long poem , perhaps the most metaphysical and in some respects the most magnificent in the wholelsheaf , Hindu mythology is linked to the speculations of modern physics in a cosmic allegory ' of the creation and dissolution of universe upon , universe .
In the midst of the Great Emptiness , limitless , timeless and lightless , sits Brahma the Creator , his eyes closed in the stony silence of meditation .
Suddenly the eyes open and he utters the primeval hymn of creation .
The emptiness is filled with burning nebulae and revolving globes of fire .
But the universes tire of revolving in the endless round of the Law and the Creation wearied of itself prays to Siva , the Lord of Destruction , for the peace of . annihilation .
No more will the lightning flashes ' of pleasure lure him into the darkness of sorrow , for he has burnt all the senses in the funeral pyre of self - knowledge .
He will now proudly walk the earth and pity mankind for their folly .
When he comes to the nearest town he sees a little untouchable girl who has lost her parents and whom the temple priest and everyone else shun and drive away .
He is frightened at the thought of his becoming human and flees from her .
When he returns , unable to keep away for long , he finds her dead .
Death sets the seal on his realisation " that the great is to be found in the small , the infinite within the bounds of form , and the eternal freedom of the soul in love . "
They are wayfarers and passersby , nameless and anonymous , who represent the daily panorama of life in a village or on the highway .
As stated elsewhere , Tagore ' s dramas are full of such anonymous characters or types representing the various segments of society , which give him not a little scope for voicing his own comments or for merely reminding the audience that whatever drama goes on , the rest of the world continues to exist .
These characters use the native dialect and , like some of Shakespeare ' s rough characters , indulge in crude humour , all of which provides a relief from the high flown thoughts and superb poetry of the main characters .
Having spent the summer and the rainy season in Karwar , the party returned to Calcutta in autumn where they now stayed in a villa on Lower Circular Road , near Chowringhee .
From his window on the first floor Rabindranath would watch the daily drama of this crowded colony of humble folk , men and women at their various tasks and the children at play .
" To me it was all like a living story " .
He was curious to see with the mind what the eye sees , and with the eye what the mind imagines .
" Appropriately , the poems he thus wrote were later published as Chhabi O Can ( Pictures and Songs ) and are a remarkable document of his state of mind and at this period .
He was watching and absorbing and growing , and all the time the craftsman was practising new strokes and improving his technique .
Not all the poems are pictures , however ; nor do they come within a single kind .
One of them for example , " Rahur Prem " ( The Love of Rahu ) , is half - symbolic , half - metaphysical , an allegory of the turbulence in the dark depths of his own mind rather than a picture of what he could view from outside .
History has its ironies and thus this unromantic marriage was arranged for one of the most romantic men of the age .
For all his dashing romanticism and his dynamic individuality in the field of literary experimen ts , he was a docile and obedient son and was so much under the spell of his father ' s personality that not only was the latter ' s word law for him but he believed that the Maharshi could not be in the wrong .
Despite the obvious anti - climax , he was , however , in the long run none the worse for the Maharshi ' s arbitrary and seemingly unreasonable choice .
Himself incorrigibly romantic , what he needed from a wife was not further stimulus but an antidote .
Had he married a mere beauty he might have tired of her , but he could not tire of the protective fence of care and comfort which his wife unobtrusively built around him , and never ceased to be grateful for the self - effacing devotion with which she helped his genius to fruition .
The bride ' s maiden name was Bhavatarini . a name so very old - fashioned as to have raised then , as it does now , a smile of amusement .
After the marriage the name was changed into Mrinalini , a lovely name very likely given by the husband perhaps his only initiative in this episode .
Nalini was a name always dear to his heart and somehow Mrinalini seemed to incorporate it .
As a matter of fact , he was at this time working on a prose drama of that name .
The plot was familiar , a rehash of his earlier adolescent fancies centring round a lovely and true - hearted girl called Nalini . The drama was to be acted by the various members of the family and it was decided that each actor would be part - author and write his or her own part .
In the " end Rabindranath had to complete the drama by himself .
But before it could be produced a tragedy overtook the family .
In April 1884 , Kadambari Devi , Rabindranath ' s favourite sister - in - law , suddenly committed suicide .
She was only twenty - five then .
No one knows why she did so .
IN the beginning of 1889 Rabindranath , now father of two children , daughter Madhurilata ( or Bela ) and son Rathi , took his family to Sholapur where his brother was then the District Judge .
King Vikram , ruler of a State in the Punjab , is married to a beautiful princess from Kashmir and is so passionately in love with her that he spends his time hovering round her , completely unmindful of the welfare of his State .
Taking advantage of his infatuation for the Queen , her relatives from Kashmir manage to grab all important positions in the State and fatten on their spoils .
Complaints reach the King but he has no ear for them , for he has no time to waste over " vulgar concerns " when life is short and love so sweet .
The hungry crowds riot outside the palace crying for bread .
" What is this noise ? " inquires the Queen .
The coarse , clamorous crowd who howl unashamedly for food and disturb the sweet peace of the palace ! "
Sick at this spectacle of love ' s shameless greed and egoist lust which have blinded her husband to all sense of duty and humanity she leaves him and goes to her brother Prince Kumarasen of Kashmir , to seek his help in ridding her husband ' s State of parasites who were sucking the people ' s blood .
When King Vikram learns of his wife ' s desertion he is livid with rage , his love for her turns into a passion for revenge , his wounded manliness into a voluptuous greed for violence and conquest .
He leads his armies into Kashmir to teach Prince Kumarasen a lesson .
None can withstand the fury of his onslaught , his armies are victorious everywhere and he occupies Kashmir .
Prince Kumarasen is too proud to surrender and yet anxious to appease the tyrant ' s wrath and spare his people the hardships of occupation .
He therefore sends his severed head to the King as his offering .
The offering is brought to the Court by the proud and sorrowful Queen who falls down dead as she offers the tribute at the feet of the tyrant .
The conflict in this play is between love and duty , between a vain and infatuated man and a proud and humane woman .
After a few months ' stay he returned to Calcutta , spent some time at Shelidah , then at Santiniketan and finally went back to Sholapur to stay with his brother Satyendranath .
There he heard that Satyendranath and his young friend Loken Palitwere planning a visit to England .
Forthwith he made up his mind to accompany them .
In the course of all these wanderings and changes of abode , a small exercise book which was always with him was getting filled with poems .
Whether he was gazing at the snow - capped Himalayas or sweltering in the heat and dust of the plains , the poems poured forth .
The largest number were written in Ghazipur , whether because of or in spite of the roses , it is hard to say .
The traditional bulbul might have been missing but the nightingale in Rabindranath sang full - throated in melodies unheard before .
All this harvest garnered over a period of a little more than three years was published later as Manasi ( Of the Mind ) and immediately set the seal on his reputation .
In other words , it stood for a solemn commitment to religious freedom for all .
This was reinforced by the principles of equality of status and opportunity and of fraternity among all the people of India .
The vision of the founding fathers was that of a nation transcending all diversities of religion , caste and creed .
They were not hostile to religion but they hoped that it would be possible to forge political unity and that religious differences would not hamper nation building .
The Constitution envisaged a new social order free from communal conflicts and based on Justice , social , economic and political .
It visualized a polity under which laws would not discriminate between citizens on grounds of religion , caste or the like .
The Constitution sought to establish a ' secular ' order under which the majority of the population did not enjoy any special privileges or preferential treatment at the hands of the State and the ' religious ' rights of the minorities were protected in different ways .
It seems necessary that the term secularism be clearly defined in the Constitution itself , firmer legislation passed and already existing legislation firmly implemented for preventing misuse of religion for political purposes by any party or person .
To fulfil their obligations , governments need to know about their country ' s biodiversity .
An expert in the plants of Mesoamerica , Sandy Knapp has been working with scientists in the Missouri Botanic Garden and the Institute of Biology of the Universidad Nacional Autnoma de Mxico .
They are cataloguing and describing every higher plant species in Mesoamerica .
Sandy ' s work depends upon referring to the Museum ' s botanical collections .
If it is new to science , it is described and given a new scientific name .
This information is put together to create a botanical catalogue , or Flora , of Mesoamerica .
The growing Flora will eventually contain the descriptions of 20,000 species ; about 10 per cent of them will be new to science .
Produced in printed volumes , and on the internet , in Spanish , it equips scientists , conservationists and the public with the basic taxonomic information they need to understand and conserve their local biodiversity .
Scientists will be able to add new information to the flora as it is discovered .
It is the starting point for future research into the evolution and ecology of the region ' s plants .
In the case of one migrating after July 19 , 1948 , he should have been registered as citizen of India by an officer appointed for the purpose by the Government of India .
But , in the latter case , no person shall be so registered unless he has been residing in India for at least six months immediately preceding the date of his application .
Migrants to Pakistan : Article 7 makes special provisions regarding the citizenship rights of persons who migrated to Pakistan after March 1 , 1947 but returned to India subsequently .
While it has been made clear that any person migrating to Pakistan after March 1,1947 ceased to be a citizen of India , an exception has been made in the case of those returning to India on the basis of permits for resettlement in India .
( State v . Amar Singh , AIR 1955 SC 282 ; Ataur Rahman v . State of Madhya Pradesh , AIR 1951 Nag .
44 ) .
Persons of Indian origin residing outside India : Several persons of Indian origin have been residing in foreign countries or have been migrating there for purposes of employment or otherwise .
The founding fathers were farsighted enough to have made provisions in the Constitution to protect the citizenship rights of such persons in India .
are made binding on the State , i . e . the executive as well as the legislature .
Article 13 ( 2 ) declares all laws and executive orders in force immediately before the commencement of the Constitution , inconsistent with the fundamental rights to be ultra vires and void to the extent of such inconsistency .
See also H . M . Seeroai , Constitutional Law of India , First Edition , p.155 ) .
Equality before law and Equal protection of laws Article 14 of the Constitution enunciates the fundamental right of every person not to be denied within the territory of India .
Here the protection provided by the article is not limited to citizens only but is applicable to all persons .
It embodies the principle contained in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights that used in our Constitution , in fact , embody the concepts of the rule of law and of equal justice .
' Law ' in singular in the term ' equality before law ' means what Dicey meant by rule of law or the concept of law or of justice .
The word ' laws ' in plural in the term ' equal protection of laws ' , on the other hand , clearly refers to statute law and the provision thereby enjoins the State to ensure that the laws that are made should provide equal protection to all without any distinction .
However , there has been no occasion for the Supreme Court to appreciate any such distinction .
In fact , it has been observed by Patanjali Sastri , Chief Justice , that the second expression is really a corollary of the first and it is difficult to imagine a situation in which the violation of the equal protection of laws will not be the violation of the equality before the law .
( State of West Bengal v . Anwar AH Sarkar , AIR 1952 SC 75 ) .
Laws should be applied to all in the same condition .
Not only should the laws be non - discriminatory for persons in the same condition but the processes of implementation by the administrative agencies should also not discriminate between them .
Chiranji Lal v . Union of India , AIR 1951 SC 41 ) .
If the classification is not reasonable and does not satisfy the two conditions referred to above , the impugned legislation or executive action would plainly be arbitrary and the guarantee of equality under article 14 would be breached .
Wherever , therefore , there is arbitrariness in state action whether it be of the legislative or of the executive or of an ' authority ' under article 12 , article 14 immediately springs into action and strikes down such State action .
It is clear that an arbitrary or unreasonable action - any act which is so arbitrary or unreasonable that no fair - minded authority could ever have made it - would be per se discriminatory and violative of article 14 .
v . Union of India , AIR 1990 SC 1277 ) .
Non - discrimination on grounds of religion , race , caste , sex or place of birth While article 14 proclaims the general principle of equality before the law and equal protection of the laws , the subsequent articles 15 to 18 specify some areas for applica ' tion of the general principle mostly in regard to the citizens of India .
Article 15 enjoins the state not to discriminate against any citizen on grounds only of religion , caste , race , sex , place of birth or any of them .
The use of the word is significant .
A discrimination based on one or more of these grounds and also on other ground or grounds would not be affected by the article ( Dattatraya v . State of Bombay , AIR 1953 BOM 311 ) , nor would discrimination based on residence be invalidated ( See D . P .
Clause 2 of the article provides for special application of the injunction .
The prohibition obviously covers actions both on the part of the State as well as the general public .
, ( A . K . Gopalan v . State of Madras , AIR 1950 SC 27 ) .
It is necessary that the restrictions imposed by law must be reasonable and not arbitrary or of excessive nature and the onus of proving it to the satisfaction of the court lies with the State .
The harsher the restriction , the heavier the onus to prove the reasonableness ( Saghir Ahmed v . State of U . P . , AIR 1954 SC 728 , 738 ) .
Since the Constitution does not define the expression , each case has to be judged on its own merits .
G . Rao , AIR 1952 SC 196 ) .
The standard is really an elastic one and varies with time , space and condition from case to case .
The founding fathers made it very clear that they were not writing on a clean slate .
They took a conscious decision not to make a complete departure from the past , but to build on the existing structure and experience of institutions already established .
Even otherwise , the Constitution of India had had an organic growth .
Category B : those Bills containing provisions involving expenditure from the Consolidated Fund ( articles 110 and 117 ) .
Special Procedure for Money Bills Article 110 defines a Money Bill as a Bill which contains only provisions regarding taxes , borrowings , custody of the Consolidated and Contingency Funds , appropriations , declaring of any expenditure as charged on the Consolidated Fund , receipt and custody of money in the Consolidated Fund , audit of the accounts of the Union ( or of a State ) or any other incidental matters .
In case of any question arising whether a Bill is a Money Bill , the decision of the Speaker shall be final .
While being presented to the President for his assent , every Money Bill has to be certified by the Speaker as such a Bill ( article 110 ) .
A Money Bill can be introduced only in the Lok Sabha and only on the recommendation of the President .
After it is passed by the Lok Sabha and transmitted to Rajya Sabha , the latter may make its recommendations , if any , within a period of 14 days and the Lok Sabha may accept or reject all or any of the recommendations .
The Bill is deemed to be passed by both the Houses with the amendments accepted by Lok Sabha .
If no amendment recommended by Rajya Sabha is acceptable to Lok Sabha or if the Bill is not returned by Rajya Sabha within 14 days , it is deemed to have been passed by both the Houses in the form in which it was passed by Lok Sabha ( article 109 ) .
Since we have already held that the Legislative Assembly has the power to commit the petitioner for its contempt and since theLegislative Assembly has framed rules for the procedure andconduct of its business under article 208 ( 1 ) , the commitment anddeprivation of the personal liberty of the petitioner cannot but beheld to be according to the procedure laid down by law within themeaning of article 21 of the Constitution .
The Legislative Assembly is the master of its own procedure and is the sole judge of the question whether its contempt has been committed or not .
The Government , therefore , decided that an amendment of the Constitution was not necessary .
It was of the opinion that the Legislatures and the Judiciary would develop their own conventions in the light of the opinion given by the Supreme Court and the judgement pronounced by the Allahabad High Court .
Legislative Powers of the President Article 123 empowers the President to promulgate ordinances when both Houses of Parliament are not in session and he is satisfied that a situation has arisen that requires immediate action .
Ordinances issued by the President have the same force and effect as laws made by Parliament except that all such ordinances become inoperative on the expiry of six weeks from the reassembly of Parliament or earlier if disapproved by the two Houses .
It alone has the power to declare that it would be in national interest for the Parliament to legislate in respect of a matter in the State List .
If by a two - thirds majority , Rajya Sabha passes a resolution to this effect , the Union Parliament can make laws for the whole or any part of the country even with respect to a matter enumerated in the State List ( article 249 ) .
Also , Parliament is empowered to make laws providing for the creation of one or more All - India Services common to the Union and the States , if the Rajya Sabha declares by a resolution supported by not less than two - thirds of the members present and voting that it is necessary or expedient in the national interest to do so ( article 312 ) .
Parliament and the Executive After a new Lok Sabha is duly elected and constituted , the President invites the leader of the party or parties commanding the support of more than half of the members of the Lok Sabha , to form the government .
While the Prime Minister usually is a member of the Lok Sabha , the Ministers are drawn from both Houses of Parliament .
A person other than a Member of Parliament may also be appointed as Minister , but he has to vacate the office after six months unless , in the meanwhile , he manages to get himself elected to either of the two Houses .
Since the Council of Ministers is collectively responsible to Lok Sabha ( article 75 ) , Ministers are under a constitutional obligation to resign collectively as soon as they lose the confidence of Lok Sabha .
The scheme of the Constitution represents a real fusion of the highest executive and legislative authorities .
The two are not visualized as competing centres of power but as inseparable partners or co - partners in the business of government .
But , the Parliament is a large body .
The concept of the supremacy of Dharma was hardly different from the rule of law or limited government .
The rulers in ancient India were bound by Dharma , no one was above Dharma .
The Rigveda and the Atharvaveda mention the Sabha ( General Assembly ) and the Samiti ( House of Elders ) .
The Aitareya Brahmana , Panini ' s Ashtadhyayi , Kautilya ' s Artha - shastra , the Mahabharata , inscriptions on Ashoka ' s pillars , the Budhhist and Jain texts of the period and the Manus - mriti all bear witness to the existence of several functioning republics during the post - Vedic period of Indian history .
After the Mahabharata particularly , large empires gave way to a number of small republican states .
Jatakas make many references to how these republics functioned .
Representatives were elected in open assembly .
who became King and ruled with the help of a Council of Ministers .
The procedure may be regulated by Parliament by law ( article 124 ) .
In the case of Justice Ramaswamy , motion for presenting an address to the President for his removal failed to get the required majority in Lok Sabha .
Contrary to the common belief , there is no provision in our Constitution for the impeachment of a judge .
The impeachment is provided for the President and none else .
Also , there is a fundamental difference between removal procedure and impeachment procedure and between the impact of the adoption of a motion for impeachment and the passing of a motion for presenting an address to the President seeking orders for the removal of a judge .
But in case of the motion for removal , it is for the President to consider issuing necessary orders .
Every person appointed as a judge of the Supreme Court , before he enters upon his office , takes an oath before the President or some person appointed in that behalf by him in the form prescribed in the Constitution .
The Constitution prohibits a person who has held office as a judge of the Supreme Court from practising law before any court in the territory of India ( article 124 ( 6 ) and ( 7 ) ) .
He was , in fact , a limited or a constitutional monarch .
It was on 31 December 1600 that the East India Company formed by some merchants of London secured from Queen Elizabeth a royal charter .
The Charter granted to the company monopoly rights for trade with India and some areas of South East Asia for an initial period of 15 years .
Judicial Review : Judicial review as it has evolved in the United States means the power of the highest court of the land to finally pronounce upon the legality or otherwise of a legislative act in so far as it conforms , or does nor conform , to the provisions of the fundamental law , i . e . the Constitution of the land .
Our Constitution very largely follows the U . S . practice in this regard .
Cases are often filed before the Supreme Court by a State Government , or by an affected private individual or a party , claiming that in enacting a particular law , the concerned government exceeded its jurisdictional limit with regard to the division of powers under the Seventh Schedule .
While reviewing such enactment , the Supreme Court will examine whether jurisdictional limits have been transgressed .
Incorporation of a Chapter on Fundamental Rights in the Constitution makes judicial review specially relevant .
And ' State ' under this article has been defined to include the Government and Parliament of India and the Government and the Legislature of each of the States and all local or other authorities within the territory of India or under the control of the Government .
Up to 1967 , the Supreme Court accepted the view that an Act amending the Constitution was not ' Law ' in the definition of article 13 ( 2 ) .
In Bandhua Mukti Morcha v . Union of India ( AIR 1984 SC 803 ) , an organisation dedicated to the cause of release of bonded labourers informed the Supreme Court through a letter that they conducted a survey of the stone quarries situated in Faridabad District of Haryana and found that there were a large number of labourers working in such quarries under and many of them were bonded labourers .
The petitioners entreated that a writ be issued for proper implementation of the various provisions of the Constitution and Statutes with a view to ending the misery , suffering and helplessness of those labourers .
The burden of providing all the facts and proof against the constitutionality of the statute lies with the petitioners .
Doctrine of Severability : While interpreting the statute , the court has to decide whether the law as a whole or only some parts thereof attract unconstitutionality .
The court can declare a law void in part as well , if the facts so warrant .
Article 274 requires that in case of Bills affecting taxation in which States are interested , in effect , prior recommendation of the President would be necessary .
The State Legislatures may by law levy taxes on professions , trades , callings or employment .
The total amount of these taxes payable by an individual shall not exceed Rs . 2500 .
The provision would not affect the power of Parliament to make laws in respect of income from professions etc . ( article 276 )
The President shall cause the recommendations of the Commission and action taken thereon to be laid before each House of Parliament ( articles 280 - 281 ) .
of Consolidated Funds , Contingency Funds and moneys credited to public accounts are to regulated by Parliament and each State Legislature concerned ( article 283 ) .
Article 290 provides for adjustments to be made between the Union and State Governments in respect of payment of certain expenses of any Court or Commission and pensions of persons in service before the Constitution .
Article 353 read with article 365 provides that once Emergency is proclaimed , the executive power of the Union extends to giving of directions to any State in regard to the exercise of the executive powers of the State and failure to comply with the directions would constitute enough justification for imposition of President ' s rule under article 356 .
PART III , ARTICLES 29 - 30 ; PART V , ARTICLE 120 ; PART VI , ARTICLE 210 ; PART XVII , ARTICLES 343 - 351 ; PART XXII , ARTICLE 394A AND EIGHTH SCHEDULE Although there is a separate Part - Part XVII - devoted to ' Official Language ' , provisions pertaining to language are spread over different parts and chapters of the Constitution .
Protection of Linguistic Minority Rights andNon - Discrimination on Grounds of Religion Article 29 enunciates the fundamental right of any section of citizens residing anywhere in India to conserve its distinct language , script or culture .
No citizen can be denied admission in any educational institution maintained or aided by the State on grounds of language , religion , etc .
Article 30 seeks to protect the rights of all minorities - based on religion or language - to establish and administer educational institutions of their choice .
All such reports may be laid before Houses of Parliament and sent to the State Governments concerned .
Language of Legislatures Article 120 lays down the official language of Parliament .
It says inter alia that the business in Parliament shall be transacted in Hindi or in English .
The Presiding Officer of either House may , however , permit any member who cannot adequately express himself in Hindi or English to address the House in his mother tongue .
Arrangements have since been made in both the Houses of Parliament for simultaneous interpretation of speeches from major regional languages into Hindi and English .
In actual practice , however , most of the time , the entire business in either House is carried on in Hindi or English with full facilities of simultaneous interpretation from Hindi to English and vice versa .
The corresponding language provision for State Legislatures is article 210 .
Business in a State Legislature may be transacted either in the official language or languages of the State or in Hindi or in English and the Presiding Officer of a House may allow a member who cannot adequately express himself in any of these languages to address the House in his mother tongue .
Official Language of the Union Of the many formidable problems that the founding fathers of our Constitution faced , the question of establishing any one of our languages as a national language or even as an official language of the Union proved to be the most intractable .
Finally , under a compromise formula embodied in article 343 , Hindi in Devanagari script was accepted as the official language of the Union with the international form of Indian numerals .
For a period of 15 years , English was allowed to be continued to be used and even thereafter Parliament could by law provide for the use of English or Devanagari form of numerals for any specified purposes .
Formation of Indian National Congress : The Indian National Congress was founded in 1885 .
It initiated the process of gradual relaxation of imperial control and the evolution of responsible government in India .
From its very inception , the Congress rhade gradual introduction of representative institutions in the country as the main plank of its platform .
The Congress considered the reform of the Councils " as the root of all other reforms . "
Speaking on the subject at the fifth session of the Congress ( Bombay , 1889 ) , Surendranath Banerjee sajid : " If you get that , you get everything else .
On it depends the entire future of the country and the future of our administrative system . "
Indian Councils Act , 1892 : The Indian Councils Act , 1892 was , in part at least , ( a step in the direction of responding to the growing Indian demand for representative institutions .
The adoption by the British Parliament of the Indian Councils Act , 1892 with a view to " give the people of India a real living representation in the Legislative Council " , was regarded as a triumph for the Congress in so far as the British Government for the first time " recognised the representative element in the enlarged Councils . "
The Congress had the satisfaction of being " responsible for unifying Indians for the common purposes of their political enfranchisement . "
Fresh elections to the Central Legislative Assembly which were overdue were held in the last quarter of 1945 .
Sarat Chandra Bose was the leader of the Congress Legislature Party .
The Indian Independence Act 1947 introduced some changes .
The provisions of the Act of 1935 which required the Governor - General or a Governor to act in his discretion or in exercise of his individual judgement ceased to have effect .
The Dominion Legislature was vested with " full power to make laws . . . including laws having extraterritorial operation " .
There was a Council of Ministers " to aid and advise the Governor - General in the exercise of his functions " .
The legislative powers of the Governor - General were removed and power was conferred on him to promulgate ordinances only in case of emergency for the peace and good government of the Dominion .
Parliament and the State Legislatures The Constitution of India has established a federal structure of government in the country inasmuch as there is a distribution of legislative , executive and financial powers between the Union and the States .
But it is extremely doubtful if Indian polity can be described as federal .
The word ' federation ' is nowhere used in the text of the Constitution .
In fact , the proposal to describe India as a ' federation ' was specifically turned down in the Constituent Assembly .
Article 1 of the Constitution described India as a ' Union of States ' .
There are many features of the Constitution and a large number of its provisions which very clearly and strongly militate against it being a federal Constitution .
Unlike in the United States of America , the citizenship in India is one ; the flag is one ; the Constitution is one .
The Judiciary also is one integrated whole and not divided between the Union and the States .
The brief point here , however , is that there can be difference of opinion in regard to whether Indian polity is federal , unitary or quasi - federal or it is a polity which is unitary in spirit but federal in structure .
The Union of India as of today is composed of 25 States and 7 Union Territories as specified in the First Schedule of the Constitution .
The Executive enjoys I the right to formulate the Budget .
The Constitution provides for an annual statement of the estimated receipts and ( expenditure to be placed before the Parliament .
It also has full freedom to suggest how revenue should be raised to meet the expenditure . Thus , the entire initiative in financial matters is with the government .
No taxes can be legally levied and no expenditure incurred from the public exchequer without specific parliamentary authorisation by law .
The 19th century British concept of parliamentary control over the Executive is no more valid even in the ' Mother of Parliaments ' .
Parliament does not control the government .
Through the members ' questions sometimes , the ministers concerned themselves get better informed about the departments under their charge and the weak spots therein requiring priority attention .
Still another procedural device is that of the Calling Attention Notices .
A member may , with the previous permission of the Speaker , call the attention of a minister to any matter of urgent public importance and request the Minister to make a statement on the subject .
Members can also write to the concerned ministers and ask for the information they may need and the information is usually supplied .
On an institutional plane , another method for the Parliament to inform itself and receive necessary feedback is through the reports of various parliamentary committees .
In the process of their scrutiny , the committees ask searching questions and collect extensive and valuable information from the government ministries and departments , public undertakings , etc . under examination . This procedural device has also become an important tool for eliciting information on matters of urgent public importance and has been very popular with members from both sides of the House .
Some political parties have their own research and reference staff who feed their members with the necessary information particularly from the party position angle .
Visits to constituencies and other places , correspondence with constituents and others , membership of governmental consultative or other official Committees , Boards , etc . official and unofficial publications , periodical literature and mass media ? the Radio , T . V . , the newspapers ? also help members keep themselves abreast of developments and well - informed about matters of administration and public policy .
The Press plays a particularly important informational role in parliamentary life .
Parliament is becoming more representative of the people of India , of the level of their political awareness , of their lack of sophistication , and of their problems , hopes and aspirations .
Elitist politics is gradually giving way to a healthy ruralised politics .
Also , an average member of Parliament himself views his primary duty to be that of representing his people and giving expression to their difficulties , problems and grievances and seeking their removal and redressal .
For , if the Executive is responsible to the Parliament , the Parliament and its members are also answerable to the people .
The member is the chief communication channel and link between the people he represents and the Parliament and the government .
This the member can try to achieve by making full use of the various procedural devices available and snatching every possible opportunity in the House and through the Petitions Committee and other Parliamentary Committees : '
During debate and discussion on legislative proposals or Financial Bills , motions to consider and approve government policies , Motions of Thanks on the President ' s Address , Budget , etc . members are free to express themselves and to say what is good for the country and what modifications in the existing policy are required .
In fact , the Parliament has been in the forefront of social reforms .
A large number of social reform measures have been passed by the Parliament since the commencement of the Constitution , e . g . laws providing special consideration , guarantees and benefits to backward , down - trodden or traditionally ill - treated sections of the society in the form of reservations , social security , removal of disabilities , minimum wages , old - age pensions , housing and the like .
Parliament does not make laws .
It has neither the time nor the necessary know - how for the purpose .
Initiative in legislation as in so much else has passed almost completely to the Executive and to the departments of the administration .
The modern concept of law is not that of a body of rules of action of general application , established by authority , etc .
Law is a process ? a long and complicated process ? beginning in the pre - natal social urges , the first felt need and demand for action , conception of the policy - makers and the play of political forces and various interest groups , involving role of the concerned and the law departments in drafting the Bill , the ruling party , the concerned minister and the Cabinet , the Houses of Parliament and their Committees and the President ; and proceedings to making rules and regulations and then actual implementation by the administration and , in case of dispute , interpretation and judicial review by Courts .
Thus , the act of law - making cannot be attributed to any one body of persons or any one constituent organ of the State ; all the three organs of State ? the Executive , the / Legislature and the Judiciary ? have a participating role in legislation .
Anexure 3.1 at the end of this chapter shows the time spent ( percentages ) on different Constituent ( Amending the Constitution ) Role : Under Art , 368 of the Constitution , which is the specific provision dealing with the amendment of the Constitution , Parliament is the repository of the constituent power of the Union .
The procedure for constitutional amendment , as spelled out in that article , has certain distinctive features which clearly mark out the Parliament ' s constituent capacity from its ordinary role as a legislature .
First , an amendment of the Constitution can be initiated ' only ' by the introduction of a Bill in either House of Parliament so that the initiative in the matter of constitutional amendment has been exclusively reserved for Parliament .
Second , for the most part , the provisions of the Constitution can be amended by the Parliament by a special majority , namely , a majority of not less than two - thirds of the members of each House present and voting .
It is only in the case of a limited category of constitutional provisions , ( i . e . those relating to the lists in the Seventh Schedule , representation of States in Parliament , provisions of Art . 368 , etc . ) that the amendment Bill having been passed by each House of Parliament with the prescribed special majority , needs to be ratified by the legislatures of not less than half of the States .
Third , on a Constitution Amendment Bill , as duly passed / ratified , being presented to the President , the President ' s assent is mandatory and , unlike as in case of ordinary legislative Bills , he has no option to withhold his assent or return the Bill to the House for reconsideration .
Record of Proceedings : A full verbatim record of the proceedings of the two Houses of Parliament is prepared and published .
Certain words or phrases held unparliamentary and expunged by the Presiding Officer or portions ' not recorded ' under his orders are not included in the official record of the proceed ings .
Also parliamentary reporters take down the proceedings in shorthand in relays or turns of five or ten minutes each .
Sessionwise printed volumes of debates are available in Hindi and English versions .
Parliament and the Media : Freedom of the Press has not been expressly provided for in the Constitution , but it has been settled by judicial decisions that freedom of speech and expression includes the freedom of the Press .
Absolute immunity from proceedings in any court of law has been conferred under the Constitution on all persons connected with the publication of proceedings of either House of Parliament , if such publication is made by or under the authority of the House ( Art . 105 ( 2 ) ) .
He enjoys supreme authority over the secretarial staff , the precincts of the House and the Parliament House Estate .
He represents the dignity of the House , the freedom of the House and because the House represents the nation , in a particular way , the Speaker becomes the symbol of nation ' s freedom and liberty . Therefore , it is right that that should be an honoured position , a free position and should be occupied always by men of outstanding ability and impartiality .
Prior to 1921 , the Governor - General of India used to preside over the sittings of the Legislative Council .
The origin of the institution of Speaker in India dates back to 1921 when the Central Legislative Assembly was first constituted under the Montague - Chelmsford Reforms .
Sir Frederick Whyte was appointed by the Governor - General as the first Speaker of the ) Assembly on 3 February 1921 for a period of four years ,
Shri Vithalbhai J . Patel was the first non - official to be elected as the Speaker of the Assembly on 24 August 1925 .
He was re - elected on 20 January 1927 and remained in his office till he resigned on 28 April 1930 .
Shri Patel had the distinction of being the first Indian and the first elected Speaker of the Central Legislature .
Shri G . V . Mavalankar was chosen as the first Speaker of the first Parliament constituted after the first general elections after independence .
The Deputy Chairman , as Presiding Officer of the Rajya Sabha , exercises in all respects , the same duties , functions and powers as the Deputy Speaker of the Lok Sabha .
The President appointed Shri Mavalankar to perform the duties of the Speaker until the first Speaker of the First Lok Sabha was duly elected . 23 .
Because of its relative simplicity and ease with which it can be made use of , the question procedure , as compared to other forms of parliamentary procedure , is becoming increasingly popular with members of Parliament .
It is evident from the number of questions admitted and answered in all the previous Lok Sabhas ( see the Table ) .
The number of questions admitted was 98,390 during the Eighth and 21,550 during the Ninth Lok Sabha period .
It has also been observed that , out of the number of notices received during the sessions , 40 to 70 per cent are admitted , but owing to constraint of prescribed limits on the starred and unstarred questions for inclusion in the lists , merely 33 per cent in the Budget Session and between 30 to 45 per cent in the monsoon and winter sessions can actually get included in the list .
The importance of the Question Hour has been very much proved by certain instances when questions closely pursued by vigilant members led to - inquiries by the government into matters concerning the violation of statutes , government ' s policies or rnisuse of public funds .
To mention a few instances , such in quiries include the Jeep Scandal ( 1951 ) , the Mundhra Deal ( 1957 ) , Import Licence Case ( 1974 ) , and the inquiry into the steel deals and the use of beef and tallow in the Vanaspati Case .
These facts amply demonstrate the efficacy of the question procedure and utility of the Question Hour .
It came to be called an ' Hour ' also because very often it continued for one full hour , until the House rose for lunch at 1 p . m .
These two provisions ensure that the government cannot dispense with the Parliament for a period of more than one year because any proposal of expenditure gets the sanction of Parliament for one financial year only .
The Constitution provides for a Consolidated Fund of India to which all revenues received by way of loans , advances , etc . are credited .
The expenditures are embodied in the Budget as ( a ) the sums required to meet the items of expenditure described by the Constitution as those charged on the Consolidated Fund of India ; and ( b ) the sums required to meet other expenditures proposed to be made from the Consolidated Fund of India .
Expenditures contained in the first category can be discussed in both the Houses but are not submitted to vote of either House .
In other words , they constitute the non - votable part of the Budget .
No such demand shall be made except on the recommendation of the President .
No money can be withdrawn from the Consolidated Fund of India except under an Appropriation Act passed by the Parliament .
An All - Parties Conference organised at Bombay on 19 May 1928 appointed a committee , under the chairmanship of Motilal Nehru .
The Report embodied not only the perspective of the contemporary nationalist opinion but also an outline of a draft constitution for India .
The latter was based on the principle of Dominion Status .
It laid down a set of fundamental rights and provided for a federal system with maximum autonomy granted to the units but residuary powers vested in the Central Government .
It were very largely embodied in the constitution of independent India that was adopted 21 years later , on 26 November 1949 .
The White Paper issued after the third Round Table Conference outlined the British government ' s proposal for constitutional reforms in India .
In June 1934 , the Congress Working Committee declared that the only satisfactory alternative to the White Paper was a constitution drawn up by a constituent assembly elected on the basis of adult suffrage .
This was the first time that a definite demand for a constituent assembly was formally put forward .
The Working Committee of the All India Congress Committee at its meeting held at Patna on 5 - 7 December 1934 adopted a resolution rejecting the scheme of Indian constitutional Reforms as recommended in the Report of the Joint Parliamentary Committee ( 1933 - 34 ) and reiterated the view that the only satisfactory alternative to the scheme was a constitution drawn upby a constituent assembly .
Second , the work load of the House is enormous .
It does not have the time to undertake detailed investigations or even to discuss every matter at length .
The Committees while ensuring a fuller and more comprehensive examination of technical and other matters , result in saving the time of the Hpuse for discussion of important matters and prevent the Parliament from getting lost in details and thereby losing hold on matters of policy and broad principles .
Third , matters dealt with by Committees are often such as need to be considered in greater depth , with care and expedition , , away from the glare of publicity , in a calmer and , so far as possible , non - partisan atmosphere .
Accommodating different views and effecting compromises through give - and - take are accomplished more easily in committee atmosphere than in the House itself where , by and large , members operate on the basis of party loyalties and are naturally concerned with building a public image .
Fourth , since there is not much difference in the actvial composition of the two Chambers in the Indian Parliament , the Rajya Sabha has become almost a parallel Chamber .
Even if this were not so , the Rajya Sabha could hardly be considered to be the traditional " cooling " or revising Chamber , or the house of elders or experts , guarding against hasty or faulty legislation .
Under the circumstances , the Select Committees and the Joint Committees on Bills may inter alia perform the role of the traditional Second Chamber .
Fifth , in a party system like that in the Indian Parliament with one very large party and several small groups , some of the Committees perform functions that would otherwise belong to the Opposition in that they keep the Executive on its toes and prevent its becoming arbitrary .
The Secretariats , thus , function as independent entities under the ultimate guidance and control of the Chairman / Speaker , as the case may be .
According to well - established conventions the orders issued by the Government of India to its ministries and departments in regard to conditions of service of their staff do not , automatically , apply to the officers and staff of the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha Secretariats .
Where , however , any modification or alteration , etc . in a financial order is considered necessary , the adoption order is issued after consulting the Ministry of Finance .
If the staff of the Legislature Secretariat were to depend upon the Home Ministry , the Finance Ministry or any other department of the government for career prospects , promotions , pay scales , etc . it is obvious that they could not be independent vis - a - vis the Executive .
Budget of the Two Houses of Parliament The position of independence is maintained also in the field of expenditure incurred in respect of salaries and allowance of , and amenities to , members and officers of the Parliament .
These expenses are met from the Consolidated Fund of India .
As in the case of other ministries of the Government of India , separate demands for grants in respect of the Rajya Sabha and the Lok Sabha are also laid before both the Houses of Parliament .
The Parliament sanctions the expenditure through the Appropriation Act every year .
No cut motions or any discussion relating to the demands of the two Houses and their Secretariats is allowed on the floor of the House .
Waving of hands to attract the attention of the Chair is not considered to be the normal parliamentary practice .
No member should speak unless he has caught the Chair ' s eye and has been called upon by the Chair to speak .
The practice of exchanging arguments by , members between themselves or of indulging in a soft of running commentary on another member ' s speech or minister ' s statement has been deprecated by the Speaker .
A member addressing the House has to resume his seat when any other member has interposed in the course of the debate to raise a point of order , or to offer a personal explanation with the permission of the Chair .
If a member desires to make an observation on a matter before the House or to ask a question from another member who is speaking , either to obtain clarification or for the purpose of any explanation about a matter which is under consideration of the House , he has to address the question through the Chair .
Members are to speak from their allotted seats and rise while speaking .
A member disabled by sickness or infirmity is , however , permitted by the Speaker to speak while sitting .
A member must not address individual members of the House while speaking , but he should always address the Chair and make remarks to other members through the Chair .
This may appear to be a mere formality , but it is sought to be practised assiduously so that debates are prevented from developing into dialogues between members .
In case of its own members , two other punishments are available to the House , namely , suspension from the service of the House and expulsion .
It is all right as far as it goes in theory , but it will not work , ' said Ramalinga .
' What I meant was that although the mind cannot seize the Brahman in the way it can seize things limited in their nature , one may yet meditate on the Brahman . '
' If a thing can lend bits of itself to be conceived by the mind , more and more bits of it can steadily be conceived until the whole can be .
Either it is beyond speech and thought , or it is not .
Also , if the mind can partially conceive it , so also may the sensesthe vision , the hearing , the smell , the taste , the touch .
And if they do , that will go against the nature of Brahman .
Only when the mind is done away with does the experience of Brahman appear .
When the mind steps in , ever . so stealthily , the knowledge which is also the experience of Brahman goes .
That which cannot be comprehended by the mind , but by which the mind is comprehended ( as sages say ) know That is Brahman , and not what is worshipped here .
That which cannot be seen by the eyes , but by which the eyes are seen , know That is Brahman , and not what is worshipped here .
That which cannot be heard by the ears , but by which the ears are heard , know That is Brahman , and not what is worshipped here .
Karunguzhi years , with the founding of the Sanmarga Sangam , Ramalinga felt that he had sufficiently prepared himself for his mission in life .
He spoke like a prophet inspired , with a sense of his mission derived from God and of his living in God :
He gave his call in no uncertain terms :
( In his tract on Compassion he has explicitly stated that these are irrelevant in the exercise of compassion . )
Here in the evenings , he gave discourses to people who flocked from all over the land to see him , listen to him , to have his benediction and his counsel in their troubles and afflictions .
Sometimes when provisions ran short , they would report to him , and he would tell them , ' By morning your requirements will be met , ' and sure enough , the next morning , carts with rice and vegetables would arrive .
In May 1870 , after four years in Vadalur , Ramalinga shifted to Mettukuppam .
He was accommodated in a house which had been a rest - house for visiting religious heads of the Vaishnava cult and fallen into disuse for years .
It was a small building consisting of a single room .
He selected an open space of about fifty acres by the Eating House .
Seven screens of different colours hung , one behind another , representing seven levels of the illusion of the phenomenal world , which hide the light within man , and which have to be pierced through by knowledge and grace .
Every hall , every gate , every window , every pillar , every arch , every step , north , south , east , west , peripheral , central , every wooden plank and chain , had a symbolic significance .
In a proclamation issued on the occasion of the opening of the Sabhai , he gave a call , ringing with the truth of his personal realization , the opening of which we give below :
Friends who have had the rare chance of being born as humans : I am conscious that this moment marks the attainment of what , for all my strivings , I have not known till nowknowledge of which I had no idea , qualities of which I had no conception , powers which are beyond the pale of humans , experiences which are beyond experiencing , and I rejoice .
I desire that this great joy should equally be yours .
In the awareness of the universal identity of the soul , which is the goal of the pure good path ( sudha sanmarga ) and the promptings with which this surging joy fills me , I let you know of my joy so that you also may attain it , as I have .
It was open to all castes , cults , creeds and religions .
They might worship from outside .
In a song he thanks God for helping him to attain the state of yoga in a nazhikai ( Tamil unit of time , equivalent to 24 minutes ) :
While he endorsed the traditional or scriputural conception of mukti , he held that this was not the final goal , being only the penultimate step to siddhi , which is Existing in Divinity or Godhead .
According to him , mukti and siddhi are two sides of the same medal , mukti representing the state ripened for Being , and siddhi the Being itself .
To put his disciples and followers at ease , he fore - wained them in one of his regular ' instructions ' to them :
Be assured that you will reap benefit through me .
In a few days I shall , by the grace of God , have my body hidden from you .
He gave a statement to the Society , in English , ratified by Sri G . Muthuswamy Chetty , Judge of the Small Cause Cou ' rt , Madras and Vice - President of the Madras Theosophical Society .
This statement was published in the book Hints on Esoteric Theosophy and the journal The Theosophist , issue of July 1882 , and re - published in the same journal , issue of September 1969 .
My belief is that they ought effectively to remove all such doubts , and prove that Theosophy is no empty delusion , nor the Society in question founded on an insecure basis .
Then , after giving a brief sketch of the life , personality and teachings of Ramalinga , Velayuda Mudaliar continues :
In the year 1867 , he founded a Society , under the name of San - marga - Veda Santnarga Sangam which means a society based on the principle of Universal Brotherhood , and for the propagation of the true Vedic doctrine .
I need hardly remark that these principles are identically those of the Theosophical Society .
Our Society was in existence but for five or six years during which time a very large number of poor and infirm persons were fed at the expense of its members .
But during the last quarter of the year , he gave up lecturing entirely and maintained an almost unbroken silence .
When he recovered it , " I was as if no longer the same man .
It is a remarkable document which Evelyn Underhill has described as " one more amongst the small number of authentic histories of the soul . "
On his return home he gave away many of his personal possessions to friends and others .
But merely divesting himself of material possessions brought him neither joy nor understanding .
Life was dreary , the world was like a graveyard . "
In this state of mind , " one day all of a sudden I saw a page from some Sanskrit book flutter past me .
While Debendranath , God - intoxicated , was laying the foundation of a reformed church , the father continued to dazzle his countrymen with his ostentatious ways .
He would have liked his son to share his glory and to continue the family tradition of making and spending wealth , but the son was occupied with an altogether different mission .
The father was naturally disappointed and annoyed .
" As it is he has very little head for business , " he remarked at one time , " now he neglects business altogether ; it is nothing but Brahma , Brahma , the whole day . "
One shrewd precaution the father did take .
Not knowing how his vast and fast expanding business delicately poised on credit would fare in his son ' s hands after his death , he made a trust of some of his landed estates making the sons beneficiaries , to ensure that they would always have an assured income , whatever ill - luck might overtake the business .
A , superb gambler , he knew that fortune was an uncertain mistress .
Soon after Dwarkanath ' s death in London , it was discovered that die firm ' s liabilities far exceeded its ready assets .
There was a rush on the bank and the famous House of Carr , Tagore &amp; Co . had to close its doors .
Almost every year he left his home and travelled over the western plains to the Himalayas .
He was a keen observer of nature and men and his Autobiography is full of vivid descriptions of nature and shrewd observations on men and events .
Before one such visit undertaken at the end of 1856 , he had for some time been overcome by a persistent and morbid sense of world weariness and had longed to retire for good to his beloved Himalayas .
One day in September 1858 he was walking over the mountains , as was his wont , and stopped to enjoy the sight of a waterfall .
He was led to muse on - the blind destiny of the waters , so clear , cool and beautiful there ! but as they entered the plains they would soon become muddy , dark and soiled .
And yet muddied and bereft of their pride , they will fertilise the land and help mankind .
IT was fortunate that the Maharshi came down to earth from his lofty perch in the Himalayas where he at one time threatened to spend the rest of his life in divine contemplation , for within three years after the Himalayan interlude was born , on 7th May 1861 , Rabindranath Tagore .
Great as were the Maharshi ' s many other gifts to his people , the greatest was his fourteenth child .
However , when the child was born the event seemed of little significance .
Perhaps in no family would the fourteenth child be particularly welcome and much less so in a family where all the elder brothers and sisters and their families lived together in one joint household .
The huge and rambling mansion at Jorasanko swarmed with children and grandchildren and the birth of an additional member could not have been an event of any special importance .
The child was named Rabindranath , or Rabi for short .
He was a healthy and fair baby but perhaps not as fair as some of his elder brothers and sisters , for his eldest sister Saudamini used to remark playfully as she bathed the child , " My Rabi may be dark and not so fair but he ' ll outshine all the others . "
When the child grew up into a little boy he was relegated , along with nephews and nieces of more or less the same age , to the care of servants .
The mother , whose health had broken down after the birth of the fifteenth child , had a vast household to supervise , with many daughters and daughters - in - law , sons and sons - in - law and their children .
To the many normal complications of a joint Hindu family the Tagores had added some new ones by the practice of enlisting the sons - in - law as regular members of the household .
Sarada Devi must have been a woman of uncommon character , tact and patience to keep such a household together and in harmony .
It is a pity that not more is known of this remarkable woman who made possible others ' greatness while leaving little trace of her own .
Her husband was a truly remarkable man and no doubt the wife was proud of him ; but being a religious reformer possessed by a sense of mission , he could hardly have been an easy husband to live with .
Her eldest son Dwijendranath was a man of gigantic intellect , poet , musician , philosopher and mathematician .
In whatever he did he revealed a mind of great originality , an imagination , fertile and inventive .
His experiments in poetic composition , ingenious and daring , left a deep impress on the development of his youngest brother .
Nor is he less distinguished as a thinker and writer of philosophic prose .
He invented the shorthand in Bengali and wrote a manual on it in verse which has been described by a discerning critic as " a monument of ingeniousness as well as a metrical wonder . "
Her second son Satyendranath was the first Indian to break into the stronghold of the Indian Civil Service .
But he has other and better claims to distinction .
He was a fine scholar of Sanskrit and wielded an excellent pen in Bengali and in English .
He was also the first writer to introduce Marathi religious poetry to Bengali readers .
In English he translated the Maharshi ' s Autobiography which was later published by Macmillans , London .
His young wife was a girl of considerable beauty and intelligence butlike most women of that period more or less illiterate and in purdah .
He succeeded in educating her , not only in Bengali and English , but in all the accomplishments of the age .
Their son Surendranath and daughter Indira , both handsome and versatile , were favourite playmates of Rabindranath when he first went to England for studies , Indira Devi lived to be a grand old dame of Bengali letters and a recognised authority on her uncle ' s musica handsome and gracious figure who carried her years as lightly as she carried her many accomplishments until her death in August 1960 , at the age of eighty - seven .
Sarada Devi ' s third son Hemendranath died comparatively young , at the age of forty . He is chiefly remembered for the tribute which his youngest brother paid him while recalling the education of his early years .
Hemendranath who was in charge of directing the studies of little Rabi and his companions had insisted that the children should be taught in the mother tongue and not in English .
Commenting on this little mercy the poet wrote many years later : " Learning should as far as possible follow die process of eating .
When the taste begins from the first bite , the stomach is awakened to its function before it is loaded , so that its digestive juices get full play .
To him in heaven my grateful reverence . "
He strove to break the British monopoly of shipping and industry and nearly ruined himself financially in the process .
His influnce on the intellectual and poetic development of his younger and more famous brother was considerable .
Of the other children of Sajrada Devi , the most noteworthy , apart from the youngest son , were the two daughters , the eldest , Saudamini , who looked after the infant poet and was later the devoted companion and caretaker of the aged Maharshi , and the fifth daughter , Swarnakumari , who was a distinguished musician and writer and is remembered as the first woman novelist of Bengal .
Her motherliness had been taxed to the utmost and she had perhaps little surplus left to spare .
But the hunger for mother ' s affection , never appeased in childhood , was to survive in the son as a recurring longing for feminine affection and care .
And yet years later when he recalled his childhood there was no trace of self - pity .
Rather he congratulated himself on his good luck at having been spared the dangerous luxury of being petted and spoiled by parental solicitude .
Though the family had the reputation of an aristocratic way of life , the children were brought up more or less austerely .
For love sharpens the eye and enlarges the understanding . "
" The difference between friendship and love is that while the former means two persons and the world , the latter means that the two persons are the world .
In friendship one plus one are three , in love one plus one are one . "
" Suffering is another word for obsession with self .
That is why the sight of beauty brings joy by taking us away from ourselves . "
" Some people say that woman is like the zero ; when put on the right side of the numeral 1 ( which is man ) she gives him the strength often ( 10 ) ; but alas for the poor fellow who has her on the wrong side , she breaks him into a fragment of himself ( . 01 ) .
Needless to say , I do not agree with them who thus malign the fair sex . "
" Our ancients said that modesty is woman ' s best ornament .
But women put on so many ornaments that there is little room left form this one . "
Though he stayed in Ahmedabad for about four months only , the period marks a stage in his mental development .
They simply do it for the pleasure of pleasing .
I remember that it was from her that I first heard praise of my personal appearancepraise that was often very delicately given .
For example , she asked me once very particularly to remember one thing : ' You must never wear a beard .
But she herself did not live to see my disobedience proclaimed upon my face . "
The name he gave her was Nalini , the name of the imaginary sweetheart in his long narrative poem Kavi Kahini published earlier .
He used to read this poem to her and to translate it into English for her .
She inspired not one but several poems of his in which he lingers lovingly on the name Nalini .
But Rabindranath never forgot her memory and his references to her in his later life , whether in conversation or in writing , are instinct with tenderness and respect ,
IN September 1878 , Rabindra sailed for England with his elder brother Satyendranath .
The other day Dr ' s brother tried to explain to me at length what a camera was and at an evening party Miss - asked me if I had ever seen a piano before . "
" Here the houses are well kept and very clean , the floor well scrubbed and the furniture shining , Their idea of cleanliness is , however , different from ours .
While we would not mind having a spittoon in the room , here where people seem to suffer much more from cold and cough , they prefer to spit in their handkerchiefs which they put back in their pockets .
Ladies are very particular about their appearance but all they need wash regularly are the face , arms and hands .
In many houses there are no bathrooms at all . "
" Despite the many differences between the ways of women here and in our own country , there is one diing common between them .
His elder brother realised that if Rabindra was to derive any benefit from his education abroad , he should be made to live alone on his own .
He poured himself out in a cascade of songs and wrote his first musical play , Valmiki Pratibha ( The Genius of Valmiki ) .
This is not a play to be read , as the author has himself Warned us , but to be seen and heard on the stage .
In Rabindranath ' s version it is not the plight of a bird that moves the robber chief but the piteous cry of a young girl caught hold of by his followers who propose to sacrifice her to the goddess Kali whom they wish to propitiate .
Moved to pity , Valmiki rescues the girl , disbands the gang and wanders in search of his true vocation .
The goddess Saraswati reveals herself to him and tells him that it was she who had asumed the form of the young girl to waken his humanity .
She . gives him the gift of song and says : " The music of pity which melted your stony heart shall become in your voice the music of humanity softening and chastening a million hearts .
Your voice shall resound from land to land and many poets will echo your songs . "
With this play Rabindra led his revolt against the prevailing orthodox tradition in Indian music .
While caring for both the classical and folk traditions , he respected the inviolable sanctity of neither and freely took from each what suited his purpose .
He was not even averse to borrowing from western melodies , although he did very little of that and made his own whatever he took from others .
He did not , however , attempt the creation of new forms in abstract music .
His own music is so inextricably blended with the poetry of words that it is almost impossible to separate the musical mode from the poetic mood .
Hence his songs cannot be fully enjoyed by those who miss the elusive music of the words .
He had heard serious European music , too , during his stay in England and had gradually learnt to appreciate its beauty .
What he admired about European music was its romantic character , " its aspect of variety , of abundance , of the waves on the see of life , of the ever - changing light and shade on their ceaseless undulation . "
He had read in Herbert Spencer ' s The Origin and Function of Music that it is emotion that gives tuneful inflexion to speech .
Article 1 ( 3 ) ( C ) of the Constitution made it clear that the Union of India could acquire foreign territory .
( Maganbhai Ishwarbhai Patel v . Union of India ( 1970 ) 3 SCC 100 ) .
Under Articles 2 , 3 and 4 of the Constitution , the Union Parliament can by ordinary legislation admit or establish new States in the Union , alter the name , area and boundaries of the existing States .
Under the citizenship provisions , there is only one citizenship for all the people of India and no double citizenship of the Union and of the States as in the United States .
Thus , the Preamble provisions of our Constitution put an end to concepts of traditional federalism , divided sovereignty , autonomy of States etc .
Also , the founding fathers sought to clarify for all times that Sovereignty in our scheme of things vests in the people themselves and that all the organs and functionaries of the Union and the States drew their powers only from the people of India .
Socialism The founding fathers did not want the Constitution to be wedded to any particular political ideology or ism or to be limited by any economic doctrine .
They did not , therefore , agree to include any reference inter alia to socialism .
But , the Preamble did mention the resolve to secure to all citizens economic justice and equality of status and opportunity .
And , the Constitution ( Forty - Second Amendment ) Act , 1976 introduced the word .
It is perhaps the most powerful poem in the whole book , virile and intense .
Rahu , the demon , who is in love with the moon and eternally chases her , is in Rabindranath ' s poem the sensual , greedy and devouring aspect of love which is ever present like a shadow .
Whatever else the young poet had seen or not seen of life at first hand , he had known love .
Innocent and sublime as he imagined this love to be , he could not have altogether escaped its agony and torture .
Those were happy days , carefree and unburdened with any responsibility , living with those he loved best and feeling daily his powers grow , seemingly idle but reaping a rich harvest .
The earlier morbidity , the nameless hunger gnawing at his heart had given way to a robust and heal thy outlook and he was beginning to enjoy the world and life with all the zest his nature was capable of .
The text of the Preamble as amended gives almost the highest place of honour to the objective of ' Socialism ' .
It is mentioned next only to ' Sovereign ' .
However , the term ' Socialism ' has not been defined by the Constitution .
It has meant different things to different people and is hardly left with any one definite connotation .
Dictionary meaning of the word would imply , in full or in part , placing means of production and distribution in public hands , i . e . under public ( meaning ' State ' ) ownership and / or control .
Socialism meant elimination of inequality in income and status and standards of living .
The woman triumphs by her suffering .
In Visarjan ( Sacrifice ) , also in blank verse and written soon after , the confrontation between the King and his Queen is placed in an entirely different setting .
There the Queen is aligned with forces of reaction against her husband .
The conflict in Visarjan is more dramatic in intensity , and is many - sided : between man and wife , between ' temporal power and priestly authority , between love and duty , between the dictate of humanity and the prescribed code of religion .
There , too , the play ends in tragedy and the loss of an innocent life , but in the process the voice of love triumphs and the Deity dethroned in the temple finds its true place in the hearts of men .
Now , as later in life , whenever he was in such a mood he wanted to travel .
If he could not go far he must at least change his house .
Though this time he sent no letters home to be published in Bharati , he kept a diary which was published after his return as Yurop - YatrirDayari ( The Diary of a Visitor to Europe ) .
The Diary is a charming and delightful piece of writing as all his prose writings in a lighter vein are , full of acute observations and genial humour .
The first entry is dated 22 August 1890 , the day the steamer sailed from Bombay .
In the days of Kalidasa a lover separated from his mistress by a few hundred miles had to implore a cloud - messenger to carry his tidings to her and needed several cantos of verse for this purpose .
In the steam age a sonnet or a lyric would suffice ; in the nuclear age even a coupletwould perhaps be too much .
But these musings evaporate as the ship heaves and tosses in the monsoon - troubled waters of the Arabian sea .
As during his first voyage , Rabindranath took to his cabin and did not stir outthis time for four days .
Later in life he learnt to be a good sailor and did a fair amount of sea - travel , but he never grew to love the sea as he loved the rivers of his native Bengal .
The ocean - liner seemed to him " a castle of indolence " where the passengers did not know what to do with their time .
( Babulal v . State of Bombay , AIR 1960 SC 51 ) . of the existing States under articles 2 and 3 are not to be considered amendments of the Constitution under article 368 , i . e . these can be passed without resorting to any special procedure and by simple majority , like any other piece of ordinary legislation .
To give effect to an agreement with Pakistan for transfer of part of the Berubari territory , therefore , the Constitution ( Ninth Amendment ) Act was passed .
The ease with which the map of India has been redrawn and reorganisation of States effected during the last fifty years bears eloquent testimony to the unique resilience and flexibility of the Constitution and vindicates the need and the justification for articles 2 , 3 and 4 .
PART II , ARTICLES 5 - 11 Citizenship constitutes the indispensable foundational principle of democratic polity .
Broadly , the amended section 3 of the principal Act provided that citizenship by birth could be acquired by a person only if either of his parents was a citizen of India at the time of birth .
Besides , the Act made detailed provisions for acquisition of Indian citizenship by birth , descent , registration , naturalisation or through incorporation of territory .
Likewise , it provided for termination of citizenship by way of renunciation , voluntary acquisition of citizenship of another country , or through compulsory deprivation by the Government of India on certain grounds .
The Act also made specific provisions regarding Commonwealth Citizenship .
anyone born outside India after 26 January 1950 , subject to certain requirements , would be a citizen of India if his father was an Indian citizen , at the time of his birth ; c .
It is important to remember in regard to the citizenship provisions in the Constitution and the law that it was in keeping with the aim of building an integrated Indian nation and a united fraternity that the constitution - makers decided to provide for a single Indian Citizenship .
All citizens irrespective of the State in which they were born have the same rights and duties all over the country without any discrimination .
PART III , ARTICLES 12 - 35 , the formulation of a bill of rights was among the first tasks to which the Constituent Assembly addressed itself .
A comprehensive charter of rights was soon evolved through various stages in the Assembly and its Committees .
Dr .
Coming closely on the heels of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights , inclusion of a bill of rights in the Constitution of India accorded with the contemporary democratic and humanitarian temper and constitutional practice in other nations of the world .
It reflected in no small measure the anxiety of the founding fathers to incorporate and implement the basic principles enunciated in the Universal Declaration .
Also , incorporation of a charter of fundamental rights in our Constitution became necessary in view of the special problem of minorities and the need to assure them of the fullest protection of their rights .
The values of freedom and equality befitting the dignity of the human individual , so eloquently proclaimed by the Preamble .
These fundamental rights substantially cover all the traditional civil and political rights enumerated in articles 2 to 21 of the Universal Declaration .
Some of the fundamental rights like ' equality before law and equal protection of all laws ' ( article 14 ) , protection in respect of conviction for offences ( article 20 ) , protection of life and personal liberty ( article 21 ) , protection against arrest and detention in certain cases ( article 22 ) , freedom of religion ( articles 25 - 28 ) etc .
There are , however , some rights which can be claimed only by the citizens e . g . not to be discriminated on grounds of religion , race , caste , sex or place of birth ( article 15 ) , equality of opportunity in the matter of public employment ( article 16 ) and freedom of speech and expression , assembly , association , movement , residence and profession ( article 19 ) .
Originally , article 19 ( l ) ( f ) and article 31 contained the right to property i . e . to acquire , hold and dispose of property subject to the right of the State to compulsory acquisition for public purpose by authority of law .
However , right to property ceased to be a fundamental right when the Constitution ( Forty - fourth Amendment ) Act , 1978 omitted sub - clause ( f ) of clause ( 1 ) of article 19 and the whole of article 31 from the Constitution .
Articles 31A and 31B inserted by the First Constitutional Amendment and article 31C inserted by the Twenty - fifth Amendment sought to protect laws providing for acquisition of estates , Acts and regulations specified in the Ninth Schedule and laws giving effect to Directive Principles .
Articles 33 - 35 deal with the power of Parliament to modify the rights conferred by Part III of the Constitution in their application to forces .
It is true that the fundamental human rights enshrined in the Constitution of India are hedged inby many limitations and restrictions .
The fundamental rights secured to the individual are in the nature of limitations or restrictions on the actions of the State .
( State of West Bengal v . Subodh Gopal Base , AIR 1954 SC 92 ) .
Though it does not specifically refer to the freedom of the press , this right has been held to be included in the right to freedom of speech and expression .
In other words , rebellion , waging war against the State , insurrection etc .
Thus , expression of views or making of speeches which tend to incite or encourage the people to commit violent crimes like murder , would constitute reasonable grounds for imposition of restrictions under article 19 ( 2 ) ( State of Bihar v . Shailbala Devi , AIR 1952 SC 329 ) .
Making a speech which tends to overthrow the State can be made punishable ( Santosh Singh v . Delhi Administration , AIR 1973 SC 1091 ) .
However , happily in recent times the Court has been taking a liberal view of the law of contempt ( See AIR 1978 SC 727 ; AIR 1978 SC 489 ) .
Defamation : The right to free speech and expression does not entitle a citizen to defame a person .
defines the law of defamation as exposing a man to hatred , ridicule or contempt has been upheld by the courts .
Incitement to an offence : This ground for restricting freedom of speech and expression was also added in 1951 .
The Supreme Court has taken the view that incitement to murder or other violent crimes would generally endanger the security of the State .
( State of ' Bihar v . Shailabala Devi , AIR 1952 SC 329 ) .
Sovereignty and integrity of India : This ground for imposing restrictions on the right to freedom of speech and expression was added by the Sixteenth Amendment in 1963 so as not to permit anyone to challenge the integrity or sovereignty of India or to preach cession of any part of the territory of India .
Freedom to Assemble Meetings , processions and demonstrations are inevitable corollaries of a democratic system .
Generally , the protection afforded by these rights is invoked to challenge the validity of externment or deportation orders which go to curtail the two freedoms .
In N . B . Khare v . State of Delhi ( AIR 1950 SC 211 ) , the Supreme Court held that the mere fact that the externment order depended on the subjective satisfaction of the Executive , and there was no provision for judicial review in the impugned Act , did not render it invalid .
In another case the court ruled that a law which subjected a citizen to the extreme penalty of a virtual forfeiture of his citizenship upon conviction for a mere breach of the permit regulations ( under the Influx from Pakistan ( Control ) Act , 1949 ) or upon a reasonable suspicion of having committed such breach could hardly be justified upon the ground that it imposed a reasonable restriction in the interests of the general public .
Restrictions to protect the interests of the Scheduled Tribes have been provided keeping in view mostly the aboriginal tribes which have their own distinct culture , language and customs .
It is quite wide in as much as it is not confined like article 29 only to conservation of language , script and culture ( Rev .
( D . A . V . College Bhatinda v . State of Punjab , AIR 1971 SC 1731 ; In re Kerala Education Bill , AIR 1958 SC 956 ) .
A law made to safeguard the service interests of teachers and regulate their conditions of service in the matter of dismissal , removal or reduction in rank did not violate article 30 ( In re Kerala Education Bill , AIR 1958 SC 956 ; Ahmedabad St .
The possible conflict between the rights of the individual and the needs of the community was sought to be resolved on the one hand by hedging the fundamental rights themselves by necessary restrictions in ' public interest ' etc .
Thus , it is clear that these constitutional directives were not intended to be merely moral precepts but were to be treated as positive mandates and part and parcel of the human rights provisions of the Constitution .
The Directive Principles , however , did not give rise to any legal rights for the violation of which any individual could seek a remedy nor did these bestow any power on the legislature .
Speaking in the Constituent Assembly , Dr .
Ambedkar had categorically said that the Directive Principles were not intended to be mere pious declarations .
The Directive Principles constitute an operative part of the Constitution and an important part at that , for through them the Constitution seeks to achieve the ideal of a democratic welfare state set out in the Preamble and to bring about the social and economic revolution of which the founding fathers of our republic dreamt .
that the environment is protected and improved andthe forests and wild life are safeguarded ( article 48 A ) .
( Also see the chapter on ' Fundamental Rights ' under ' Right to Property and Saving of certain Laws ' , article 31 C ) .
The Relationship between the Preamble , the Fundamental Rights and the Directive Principles It should be remembered that the Preamble , the Fundamental Rights and the Directive Principles are all integral parts of the same constitutional edifice .
They are all equally important and have to be read with each other .
Inasmuch as the Directive Principles though declared to be fundamental as guiding principles for making and administering laws were not made enforceable in courts of law , they represented a subtle compromise between what the framers , as the leaders of the freedom struggle , looked upon as the ideal or the goal and what , as realists , they found to be immediately feasible .
When during the Ninth Lok Sabha an amendment proposing pension to members of Parliament after only a year ' s service was allowed to be introduced and passed without President ' s recommendation , President Venkataraman did not give his assent to the Bill .
On the issue of the sovereignty of Parliament , different views have been expressed even by the Supreme Court ( See A . K . Gopalan v . State of Madras , ( 1950 ) SCR 88 ; In re Delhi Laivs case ( 1951 ) SCR 747 ; Shankari Pmsad v . Union of India , AIR 1951 SC 458 ) .
It has , however , been held in the Gopalan case that within the specified limits of its powers , the Parliament is supreme .
Functions of Parliament Legislation : Traditionally the main function of a legislature is to legislate .
Under articles 245 - 246 Parliament can make laws for the whole or any part of India within its area of competence as defined and delimited under the distribution of legislative powers between the Union and the States vide the Seventh Schedule .
In regard to the Union List , the Parliament ' s jurisdiction is exclusive .
Both the Union and the States have concurrent power to legislate in respect of entries in the concurrent list .
In case of conflict between the Union and the State laws , the former prevails ( article 254 ) .
Also , the residuary powers vest in the Union Parliament ( article 248 and entry 97 of the Union List ) .
A large number of articles empower the Parliament to make laws in various matters by saying things like ' save as otherwise provided by Parliament by law ' , ' Parliament may by law . . . . . ' or ' until Parliament by law prescribes ' etc .
No grounds , arguments , proofs or justification are necessary .
Parliamentary control over public finance - the power to levy or modify taxes and the voting of supplies and grants - is one of the most important checks against the Executive assuming arbitrary powers .
No taxes can be legally levied and no expenditure incurred from the public exchequer without specific parliamentary authorization by law ( articles 114 - 116 and 265 ) .
Administrative accountability is ensured through legislation , through parliamentary devices like questions , discussions on various motions , committee scrutiny , and through the Minister who actually represents Parliament and controls his department on behalf of Parliament .
( For further study , see Subhash C . Kashyap , Our Parliament , NBT , New Delhi , 3rd edn .
Judges of the Supreme Court are to be paid such salaries as may be determined by Parliament by law and until so determined salaries as laid down in the Second Schedule ( article 125 ) .
When the office of the Chief Justice of India is vacant or when the Chief Justice is unable to perform the duties of his office due to absence , the President shall appoint an Acting Chief Justice from among the judges of the Court to perform the duties of the Chief Justice ( article 126 ) .
If at any time there is no quorum of judges of the Supreme Court available to hold or continue any session of the Court , the Chief Justice of India is empowered to appoint ad - hoc judges in the Supreme Court from among judges of the High Courts , having qualifications to be appointed judges of the Supreme Court , for such period as he deems necessary .
He can do so only with previous consent of the President and after consultation with the Chief Justice of the High Court concerned .
The judge so appointed is duty bound to give priority to the Supreme Court duties .
The Chief Justice of India may also invite a retired judge of the Supreme Court or a retired judge of the High Court having the qualification to be a judge of the Supreme Court , to sit and act as a judge of the Supreme Court for such period as he deems necessary .
This too can be done with the previous consent of the President and also of the person to be so appointed ( articles 127 and 128 ) .
Power and Jurisdiction of the Court :
The President may seek the opinion of the Supreme Court on any question of law or fact of public importance on which he thinks it expedient to obtain such an opinion .
On such reference from the President , the Supreme Court , after giving it such hearing as it deems fit , may report to the President its opinion thereon .
The opinion is only advisory , which the President is free to follow or not to follow .
The President may also seek the opinion of the Supreme Court , through a similar reference on any treaty , agreement , covenant , engagement , sanad or other similar instrument which had been entered into or executed before the commencement of this Constitution , and has continued in operation thereafter .
Under article 138 , the Supreme Court shall have such further jurisdiction and powers with respect to any of the matters in the Union List as Parliament may by law confer .
This enlarges the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court and provides it with very special jurisdiction to hear cases of most urgent nature directly and in its original jurisdiction for speedy disposal .
The due process of law gives wide scope to the Supreme Court to grant protection to the rights of its citizens .
It can declare laws violative of these rights void not only on substantive grounds of being unlawful , but also on procedural grounds of being unreasonable .
It is not expected to go into the question of its reasonableness , suitability or policy implications .
The Supreme Court pronounces its judgement on a specific case through a specific petition .
It does not give its opinion or advice on a general reference .
There should be an aggrieved person who petitions the Court to challenge the constitutionality of the statute which has adversely affected his rights .
He has to show that he has sustained or is in immediate danger of sustaining some direct injury as a result of the enforcement of the statute , and that the injury complained of is justiciable .
After this judgement , it has been open to public - minded individual citizens or social organizations to seek judicial relief in the interest of the general public .
Effect of a law declared unconstitutional : Under article 141 , a law declared by the Supreme Court shall be binding on all courts within the territory of India .
Thus , if the Supreme Court declares a law unconstitutional , whether on grounds of legislative competence , or of being violative of fundamental rights , it shall be binding on law courts in the territory of India .
Independence of the Judiciary : In a representative democracy , administration of justice assumes special significance in view of the rights of individuals which need protection against executive or legislative interference .
An independent and supreme judiciary is also an essential requisite of a federal polity , wherein there is a constitutional division of powers between the federal government and governments of the constituent units and a functional division of powers between the executive , legislature and judiciary .
Also , an independent and impartial judiciary is an essential requisite for ensuring human rights and protecting democracy .
Only an independent judiciary can act effectively as the guardian of the rights of the individual and that of the Constitution .
The Constitution provides for a High Court for each State .
Parliament may , however establish by law a common High Court for two or more States or for two or more States and a Union territory ( articles 214 and 231 ) .
Prohibition is issued by a higher Court to a lower Court or tribunal and is intended to prohibit it from exceeding its jurisdiction .
Besides writs , the High Courts under article 226 may also issue other directions and orders in the interests of justice to the people ( T . C . Basappa v . Nagappa , AIR 1954 SC 440 ) .
( For public interest litigation see under ' The Supreme Court ' ) The Governor in consultation with the High Court appoints the district judges .
A person who is not already in Government Service should have at least seven years ' experience at the bar to become eligible for the position of a district judge ( article 233 ) .
Article 233A inserted by the twentieth Amendment Act validated the appointments of and judgements etc .
Appointment of persons other than district judges to the judicial service of a State shall be made by the Governor in accordance with rules made thereunder .
Besides the State Public Service Commission , the High Court has to be consulted in the matter of such appointments ( article 234 ) .
In fact , with special provisions for some of the individual States , it may be said that there are several State Constitutions within the Constitution of India .
Generally speaking , provisions for the States follow the Union pattern .
The parliamentary system , of Government with a constitutional Head and with ministerial responsibility to the popular House of the Legislature holds equally good at the State level .
The real executive power is exercised by the Ministers . '
He may be removed by the President at any time ( Surya Narain v . Union of India , AIR 1982 Raj .
Some of the Governors may have to discharge certain special responsibilities also under articles 371 to 3711 .
Executive Powers : The executive power of the State is vested in the Governor and is to be exercised by him either directly or through officers subordinate to him in accordance with the Constitution ( article 154 ) .
The executive power of the State is coextensive with its legislative power .
The Governor appoints the Advocate - General of the State , the Chairman and members of the State Public Service Commission and the judges of subordinate courts ( articles 165 , 316 , 283 and 284 ) .
The Governor appoints the Chief Minister and other ministers on the advice of the Chief Minister .
This in practice means that only the person likely to be most acceptable to the House is to be appointed as the Chief Minister and that the Council of Ministers holds office so long as it does not lose the confidence of the House ( article 164 ) .
He may also nominate to the Legislative Assembly a person from the Anglo - Indian community if he feels the community needs representation and is not adequately represented in the Assembly ( article 333 ) .
The Government of India Act of 1935 proposed to set up a federal polity in India , with a central government and the Provinces deriving their jurisdiction and powers by direct devolution from the Crown .
Since a limited responsible Government was established only at the provincial level , the nationalists naturally asked for more powers for provincial legislatures .
When the Constituent Assembly first met in 1946 and early 1947 , the idea was to have a federation with a Centre having limited powers .
Before the Union Constitution Committee could transact any worthwhile business , the Mountbatten Plan of 3 June 1947 was announced .
All hopes of preserving the unity of India vanished and the partition of the country on communal lines became a firm decision .
The Union Constitution Committee and the Provincial Constitution Committee decided , at a joint meeting on 5 June , that in view of the 3 June announcement , the limitations imposed by the Cabinet Mission ' s plan on the form of the constitution no longer existed .
Once partition had become a reality , there was no need to appease the Muslim League and restrict the powers of the Union Government .
In case of inconsistency between laws made by Parliament under articles 249 and 250 and laws made by State Legislatures , the law made by Parliament shall prevail and the State law shall be inoperative to the extent of repugnancy while the law made by Parliament remains in effect ( article 251 ) .
According to article 252 , two or more State Legislatures by passing a resolution may ask Parliament to make laws on any matter in the State List .
Such laws can be extended to other States provided the concerned State Legislatures pass resolutions to that effect .
Administrative Relations Articles 256 to 265 seek to regulate administrative relations between the Union and the States .
It is common in federal systems that the administrative relations between the Union and the States are fraught with difficulties .
The Constitution of India seeks to achieve a smooth working relationship between the two levels .
It provides that the executive powers of the State Government are to be exercised in such a way as to ensure compliance with the laws made by parliament .
The Union Executive is also empowered to give such directions to a State as may appear to the Government of India to be necessary for the purpose .
Under article 258 , the President may with the consent of a State Government entrust to that Government or its officers functions in relation to any matter to which the executive power of the Union extends .
Similarly , under article 258A the Governor of a State may with the consent of the Union Government entrust to that Government or to its officers functions in relation to any matter to which the executive power of the State extends .
PART V , CHAPTER 5 AND PARTS XII XIII , ARTICLES 148 - 151 , 264 - 307 COMPTROLLER AND AUDITOR - GENERAL OF INDIA Financial control of the administration is the bulwark of parliamentary democracy and for exercising financial control an independent audit agency is an essential prerequisite .
To ensure the independence of this office from the executive government of the day , it has been provided that the Comptroller and Auditor - General shall not be removed from his office except on grounds of proved misbehaviour or incapacity , on an address passed by each of the two Houses of Parliament by two - thirds majority of those present and voting and a majority of the total membership of each House being presented to the President in the same manner as applicable to the judges of the Supreme Court under article 124 ( 4 ) .
Also , the Comptroller and Auditor - General has been made ineligible for any other office under the Government of India or any State Government .
His salary etc . is left to be determined by Parliament by law .
of Comptroller and Auditor - General have been equated with the judges of the Supreme Court .
The service conditions of those serving in the Audit and Accounts Department and the administrative powers of the Comptroller and Auditor - General are to be laid down by the President by rules framed after consultation with the Comptroller and Auditor - General .
The Constitution left it to Parliament to lay down the duties and powers of Comptroller and Auditor - General in regard to the accounts of the Union and the States ( articles 149 and 150 ) .
Article 151 , however , specifically lays down that the Comptroller and Auditor - General shall submit to the President reports relating to the accounts of the Union and the President shall cause them to be laid before both Houses of Parliament .
FINANCE , PROPERTY , CONTRACTS AND SUITS Article 265 upholds the salutary democratic principle of ' No taxation without representation ' and categorically declares that no taxes can be imposed without the authority of law .
Similarly , there will be a Consolidated Fund for each of the States .
Thisrestriction does not apply to public accounts ( Article 266 ) .
Contingency Fund : To meet contingent situations where - under some expenditure may be required to be incurred emergently , article 267 authorises Parliament and Slate Legislatures to form their contingency funds .
The Contingency Fund is placed at the disposal of Union or State Government ( President or Governor ) to enable it to make advances for meeting unforeseen expenses pending authorization by the legislature .
Distribution of Revenues between the Union and the States : A scheme for the distribution of revenues between the Union and the States is laid down in articles 268 - 273 .
The proceeds of all the taxes levied by the State are fully retained by the concerned States themselves while taxes in the Union List may be in part allotted to the States .
Thus , taxes that belong exclusively to the Union include Customs , Corporation Tax , taxes on capital value of assets , surcharge on income tax , etc .
Taxes belonging exclusively to the States include land revenue , Stamp Duty on items included in the State List , taxes on passengers and goods carried on inland waterways , lands and buildings , mineral rights , animals and boats , road vehicles , advertisements , consumption of electricity , luxuries , amusements etc .
Article 290 A provides for certain sums to be paid annually to Devaswom Funds of Travancore and Tamil Nadu from the Consolidated Funds of these States .
Borrowing : The executive power of the Union extends to borrowing upon the Consolidated Fund of India within limits , if any , set by Parliament by law ( article 292 ) .
A State may also similarly borrow subject to limits set by law by the State Legislature .
Government of India , within its borrowing powers , may make loans to any State or give guarantees in respect of loans raised by the State .
So long as any of such loans remain outstanding , the State Government may not raise any further loans without consent of Government of India ( article 293 ) .
Things of value within territorial waters or continental shelf and resources of the exclusive economic zone shall vest in the Union ( article 297 ) .
The executive power of the Union and of each State shall extend to carrying on any trade or business and to acquire , hold or dispose of property and make contracts subject to any law made by the respective legislature ( article 298 ) .
This article obviously is an independent or additional source of executive power outside article 245 .
The Supreme Court in Khazan Singh v . State of U . P , ( AIR 1974 SC 669 ) held that the power of a State under article 298 to carry on trade etc .
In P . L . Lakhanpal v . Union of India ( AIR 1967 SC 1507 ) , the Supreme Court overruled the decision in the Sadhu Singh case and held that principles of natural justice should apply to the decision to review an order of detention .
There appeared to be a considerable shift in the approach of the Supreme Court to cases of violation of Fundamental Rights vis - a - vis emergency provisions arising during the proclamation of internal emergency ( 1975 - 1977 ) .
Thus , in the Habeas Corpus case , the Court refused to interfere in matters of detention of persons as it believed that the intention clearly was to keep preventive detention controlled exclusively by the executive .
In Union of India v . Bhanudas ( AIR 1977 SC 1027 ) again , the Court held that all rights of personal liberty under articles 19 , 21 and 22 could be suspended during national emergency due to Presidential Orders under article 359 .
Most of these Court verdicts lost validity after the 44th amendment inter alia amended articles 352 , 358 and 359 .
All expenses of the Union and State Service Commissions are charged on the Consolidated Fund of the Union or the State concerned ( Article 322 ) .
The Chairman and members of the Public Service Commissions are appointed by the President or the Governor as the case may be .
Thus , no government department , agency or officer can refuse to entertain a representation on the ground of its not being in the official language .
A harmonious reading of the language provisions , particularly of articles 343 , 344 and 351 , would show that the ultimate goal is the spread and development of Hindi and the gradual switchover to its use for official purposes and as a link language .
There is no violation of article 351 if use of English is extended beyond 15 years but the power given to Parliament under article 343 is only to specify the particular purposes for which English may continue to be used by the Union depending upon the progress made by Hindi as the official language ( Union of India v . Murasoli , AIR 1977 SC 225 ) .
In Dalavi v . State of Tamil Nadu ( AIR 1976 S . C . 1559 ) , the Supreme Court annulled an order of the State Government sanctioning pension to anti - Hindi agitators .
The Court held that the order violated article 351 in as much as it excited emotion against Hindi instead of promoting it .
An authoritative Hindi text of the Constitution has since been published .
The Eighth Schedule Besides Hindi , our Constitution also recognizes other languages and the need for their development .
The 18 languages of India listed in the Eighth Schedule are : Assamese , Bengali , Gujarati , Hindi , Kannada , Kashmiri , Konkai , Malayalam , Manipuri , Marathi , Nepali , Oriya , Punjabi , Sanskrit , Sindhi , Tamil , Telugu and Urdu .
The reforms introduced by the Act afforded no answer , and could afford no answer , to the demand for responsible government , since the Councils set up there under lacked responsibility which was the savour of popular government .
The statement , for the first time in India ' s chequered history under British rule , promised the establishment of in India .
The Montford Report ( 1918 ) : The report on Indian Constitutional Reforms known as the Montagu - Chelms - ford or Montford report .
Montagu , Secretary of State for India , and Lord Chelmsford , the Viceroy of India , was published in July 1918 .
Without paying any heed to the demand for the status of self - governing dominions ,
The time , manner and pace of each advance of constitutional progress was to be determined only by the British Parliament and not based on any self - determination by the people of India .
As supplemented by rules made under it , the 1919 Act introduced many important changes in the Indian constitutional system .
In the case of the legislature at the Centre , the erstwhile Indian Legislative Council was replaced by a bicameral legislature consisting of a Council of State ( Upper House ) and a Legislative Assembly ( Lower House ) .
There is no limitation placed upon the amending power , that is to say , there is no provision of the Constitution which cannot be amended .
Fundamental Rights guaranteed under the Constitution ( Part III ) are subject to Parliament ' s power toamend the Constitution .
In the Golak Nath case , the Supreme Court by a 6 : 5 majority reversed its earlier decisions and held that the fundamental rights enshrined in the Constitution were transcendental and immutable , that article 368 of the Constitution laid down only the procedure for amendment and did not give to Parliament any substantive power to amend the Constitution or any constituent power distinct or separate from its ordinary legislative power , that a Constitution Amendment Act was also law within the meaning of article 13 and as such Parliament could not take away or abridge the fundamental rights even through a Constitution Amendment Act passed under article 368 .
State of Kerala ( AIR 1973 SC 1461 ) the Supreme Court reviewed the decision in the Golak Nath case .
Ten of the 13 Judges held that article 368 itself contained the power to amend the Constitution and that ' law ' in article 13 ( 2 ) did not take in a constitutional amendment under article 368 .
The law declared in Golak Nath case was accordingly overruled .
On the question whether the amending power under article 368 is absolute and unlimited , seven Judges , constituting a majority , held that the amending power under article 368 was subject to an implied limitation ; a limitation which arose by necessary implication from its being a power to .
What constituted the basic structure was , however , not clearly made out by the majority and remained an open question .
Following this decision in the Kesavananda case , clauses ( 4 ) and ( 5 ) were inserted in article 368 by the Constitution ( 42nd Amendment ) Act , 1976 , to dilute the limitation of ' basic features ' to the amending powers of Parliament .
For the first time it gave the representatives of the people a voice in making laws and influencing governmental policies .
It also played a great role in the shaping of the political destinies of the country .
While the country was fighting to overthrow foreign domination , the representatives of the people assembled in the Legislature carried the battle into the House .
The world saw an alien government bow to the wishes of the people to accept defeat .
Defeat , of course , did not make any difference to the government because the government , consisting as it did of nominated Executive Councillors , had no obligation to vacate .
Nevertheless , the existence of a highly critical Legislature encouraged the exercise of care and discretion on the part of the Executive and instilled in it a consciousness of its obligation to the people .
Lokmanya Tilak termed the 1919 Reforms as " dissatisfying , disappointing and a sun without morning " , but he declared that he would accept what had been given , agitate and work harder , and use it for obtaining more as soon as possible .
His policy of responsive cooperation included both cooperation , and constitutional assertion , and if need be , constitutional obstruction .
Annie Besant declared the scheme to be " unworthy to be offered by Britain and received by India . "
While introducing the Draft Constitution and recommending the parliamentary system in the Constituent Assembly on 4 November 1948 , B . R . Ambedkar , Chairman of the Drafting Committee said ' that " The Draft Constitution in recommending the parliamentary system of executive has preferred more responsibility to more stability . "
While some dissentient voices were heard against the concept of the parliamentary type of government , the overwhelming opinion was in favour of the Drafting Committee ' s proposal and finally with the coming into force of the republican Constitution of independent India on 26 January 1950 , a full - fledged parliamentary system of government with a modern institutional framework and all its other ramifications was established .
The three words ? representative , parliamentary and democracy ? are the cardinal features of our political system .
At the commencement of the first session after each general election to Lok Sabha and at the commencement of the first session of each year , the President addresses both Houses of Parliament assembled together and informs the Parliament of the causes of its summons .
Besides , he may address either House of Parliament or both Houses assembled together and for that purpose require the attendance of members .
He is also empowered to send messages to either House whether with respect to a Bill then pending in Parliament or otherwise , and a House to which any message is so sent lias to , with all convenient despatch , consider any matter required to be considered by the message .
Bills belonging to certain categories can be introduced and proceeded with only after the recommendation of the President has been obtained .
There are certain othfer functions which the President is required to perform under the Constitution in relation to the Parliament .
He appoints the Speaker pro - tern of Lok Sabha and an acting Chairman of Rajya Sabha , as and when the need arises .
He summons the joint sitting of both Houses in case of disagreement between them on a Bill .
The President causes to be laid , every year , before the Parliament , the Budget of the government , referred to in the Constitution as the " Annual Financial Statement " , and certain other reports of constitutional functionaries like the Comptroller and Auditor - General of India , Finance Commission , Union Public Service Commission , Special Officer for Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes and Backward Classes Commission .
He may nominate not more than two members of the Anglo - Indian community to the Lok Sabha , if he is of the opinion that the community is not adequately represented in the House .
The other ministers are appointed by the President on the advice of the Prime Minister . "
It may be pointed out here that the President has little opportunity of exercising a personal choice in appointing the Prime Minister .
Only , if a situation arises where none of the parties gets a clear majority in the Lok Sabha , President may have to use his judgement to pick up the the leader who , in his opinion , is likely to command the support of the majority in the House .
While the Prime Minister usually is a member of the Lok Sabha , ministers are drawn from both Houses of Parliament .
A person other than a member of Parliament may also be appointed as a minister , but he has to vacate the office after six months unless , in the meanwhile , he manages to get himself elected to either of the two Houses .
At the same time , every minister holds office during the pleasure of the President and shall be liable to dismissal by him .
But since the President does so only on the advice of the Prime Minister , this power actually rests with the latter .
The relationship between the Executive and the Legislature is one that is most intimate and ideally does not admit any antagonism or dichotomy .
The two are not visualised as competing centres of power but as inseparable partners or copartners in the business of government .
The Council of Ministers may in a sense be described as the grand executive committee of the Parliament , charged with the responsibility of governance on behalf of the parent body .
In other words , the Executive is not a separate or outside body .
There is , however , a clear distinction between the functions of the Executive and the functions of the Parliament .
Parliament is to legislate , advise , criticise and ventilate public grievances .
The Executive is to govern , albeit on behalf of the Parliament .
In the words of the first Secretary of the Indian Parliament :
Parliament should not any any time share in the executive responsibilities of die Government of the day because once it begins to do that , the parliamentary and the executive responsibilities get blurred , Parliament tends to weaken and does not exercise the full power of criticism .
Article 13 of the Constitution clearly prohibits the making of any law by Parliament or the State Legislature or by any other authority , which may be inconsistent with , or in derogation of , any of the fundamental rights contained in Part III of the Constitution .
Articles32and 226 confer power on the Supreme Court and the High Courts , respectively , for the enforcement of these rights .
is repugnant to the provisions of the Constitution , or ( iii ) it infringes one of the fundamental rights .
It is sometimes assumed and often said that just as it is for the Legislature to make laws and for the Executive to execute them , it is for the Courts to interpret the Constitution and the laws .
This is very misleading and patently wrong .
The territory of the Union is divided amongst the States and the Union Territories .
A law made by a State Legislature can be applicable only in the territory of that State .
The Union Parliament can make laws for the whole or any part of the territory of India .
Parliament also enjoys the power of extra - territorial legislation , i . e . , a law made by it will be applicable not only to the people and property within the territory of India but also to Indian citizens living abroad .
No such power of legislation is available to the States .
The Constitution provides for a three - fold distribution of legislative power between the Union and the States .
List I or the Union List contains 97 subjects over which the Parliament has exclusive power to make laws .
List II or the State List includes 66 entries over which State Legislatures have got exclusive power of legislation .
List III or the Concurrent List contains 47 items on which both the Parliament and the State Legislatures can make laws .
While in their own respective spheres as allotted by the Constitution , the Parliament as well as the State Legislatures enjoy complete autonomy , the scheme of distribution of powers emphasises the general predominance of the Parliament in the legislative field .
The Parliament also enjoys the power to legislate for implementing any treaty , agreement or convention with any country or any decision made at an international conference , association or other body on any subject , even if it falls in the State List .
The Parliament may enter the State List by invitation also .
If two or more State Legislatures consider it desirable that any of the matters within their exclusive legislative competence should be regulated by parliamentary legislation and pass resolutions to that effect , the Parliament can undertake the necessary legislation .
However , the legislation so passed has effect only in the States which had requested and those others which may adopt it afterwards by resolutions passed in that behalf .
Some of the entries in the Union List themselves empower Parliament to take over to itself , by making the requisite declaration by law , certain spheres and subjects from the State field .
to form a new State by separation of territory from any State or by uniting two or more States ; ( ii ) increase or dimmish the area of any State ;
alter the boundaries of any State ; and ( iv ) alter the name of any State .
These alterations are not to be treated as amendments to the Constitution and can be effected if the Parliament passes a Bill by a simple majority on the recommendation of the President .
Such a Bill is required to be referred to the legislatures of the States concerned for expressing their views thereon within the time allowed for the purpose .
However , this reference in practice , does not fetter the hands of the Parliament in making the change as it thinks fit .
As has been said elsewhere :
The operative reality of politics today is that the real power resides in the Prime Minister and his or her Cabinet and not in Parliament .
The Prime Minister is the leader of the majority in Lok Sabha and also the head of the Government .
He may consult two or three colleagues and go ahead .
It is ultimately the Prime Minister who is responsible to the Parliament and the Nation for the policies which the government pursues .
Administration is run by the permanent civil services .
The Parliament does not interfere with day - to - day administration nor does it control administration .
Often , the Press struggles hard to unearth the administrative lapses , scandals and shortcomings , gives expression to public grievances and difficulties and reports on how policies are being carried out .
Most of the raw material for parliamentary questions , motions and debates comes from the daily Press and this is an important instrument on which a member relies .
Simultaneously , the Press keeps the people informed of what is happening in Parliament .
This two - way traffic enables the Press to maintain an important and strong link between the public and the Parliament .
Considering the space that is devoted to these matters and the volume of information that is given , the Press in our country fulfils a great need felt alike by the members of Parliament and the public .
Even though so much information from such a variety of sources is available to Parliament , it is not enough .
The information supplied by the official government sources is efficiently collected and processed but it may sometimes , consciously or unconsciously , get slated or biased and may not always be strictly complete , factual and objective .
Information from other sources like the mass media , political parties , interest groups or lobbyists would be even less so .
The government is sensitive to parliamentary opinion ; in most cases they anticipate it ; in some cases they bow to it and in some others they may feel that they cannot make any change consistent with their commitments and obligations and political philosophy .
Never the less during discussions members have full liberty to critcise the administration for their past performance and suggest how they should behave in the future or how a particular measure should be carried out or implemented .
The discussions are important for they indicate parliamentary mood and bring the impact of public thinking on the administrative apparatus which may otherwise remain immune to public sentiments and feelings .
It is as well that the parliamentary debates should serve to remind the administration of their duties and obligations .
Parliamentary debates effect the administrative thinking and action in a variety of ways and the subtle influence which cannot be measured in terms of any visible units pervades through all the ranks of administration ? high and low .
While the administrators have complete freedom to implement the policies ( approved by the Parliament in the best manner possible , they are nevertheless haunted and guided by the various viewpoints expressed on the floor of the House .
And , this may be called the Advisory Role of the Parliament . !
Conflict Resolution and National Integrational Role : Conflict is natural to man ? conflict of ideas and interest and struggle for power by various contending forces .
Parliamentary democracy is considered to be a better and more civilized system of government inasmuch as under it debate and discussion on the legislative floor take the place of physical strife on the streets or on the battle fields .
This is especially so if the person against whom an allegation has been made does not have a chance to come before the House and explain his position .
In order to ascertain their factual basis , such questions , before admission may be referred to the ministries / departments concerned .
Members are also sometimes asked to furnish material in support of the allegations made in the question .
Besides , if the subject - matter of a question is pending for judgement before any court of law or any other tribunal or body set up under law or is under consideration before a Parliamentary Committee , the same is not permitted to be asked .
It should be noted that questions should not relate to a matter which is not primarily the concern of the Government of India .
Questions that contain arguments , inferences or defamatory statements or otherwise refer to the character or conduct of any person except in his official or public capacity , and questions which instead of seeking information tend to give information are not admitted .
The distribution of questions between starred and unstarred categories depends upon the conditions provided in the rules .
The Mission was in India from March 1946 to May 1946 .
The Mission rejected the League demand for a separate soverign State of Pakistan as in as much as it would contain a large proportion of non - Muslim population and a sizeable Muslim population would be left outside Pakistan , in India .
The Cabinet Mission also rejected the Congress scheme of a loose federation as involving constitutional disadvantages and anomalies .
It recommended a three - tier structure consisting of the Union of India at the top , groups of Provinces in the middle and provinces and princely states at the bottom .
The Cabinet Mission recommended that the constitution should take the following basic form : 1 . There should be a Union of India , embracing both British India and the States which should deal withthe following subjects : Foreign Affairs , Defence andCommunications ; and should have the powers neces sary to raise the finances required for the above subjects .
2 . The Union should have an Executive and a Legislature constituted from British Indian and States ' representatives .
Any question raising a major communal issue in the Legislature should require for its decision a majority of the representatives present and voting of each of the two major communities as well as a majority of all the members present and voting .
3 . All subjects other than the Union subjects and allresiduary powers should vest in the Provinces .
6 . The constitutions of the Union and of the groups should contain a provision whereby any Province could by a majority vote of its Legislative Assembly call for a reconsideration of the terms of the Constitution after an initial period of ten years and at ten - yearly intervals thereafter .
The Speaker / Chairman decides in each case whether the matter needs elucidation on a matter of fact and is also of sufficient public importance to be put down for discussion .
The procedure regarding such a discussion in the House is that after the member , who initiates the discussion has made a short statement , not more than four other members , who have given prior intimation , may ask a question each for the purpose of further elucidating any matter of fact .
Thereafter , at the end , the minister concerned replies .
Evaluating the Question Hour Though the purpose of asking questions , by definition , is to seek information , in actual practice , most of them tend to give information .
Parliamentary questions , on the one hand make it possible for the government to come to know the grievances , problems and expectations of people who provide the material for these questions to their representatives and , on the other , they help to educate the public on the activities and programmes of the government , its policies and stand on various issues and the manner in which the administration is being carried on .
Apart from the deterrent effect of parliamentary questions on public functionaries , the questions bring to the notice of the Executive , the way the policies are being implemented in the field and how these affect the common man .
Amidst the proliferating machinery of modern government , the political , executive and even the administrative heads should be finding it difficult to keep track of all that is going on in their departments .
Looked at from this angle , parliamentary questions are an essential aid to the Executive for they put into focus , areas of vital concern to the public at large .
It may be said with a fair amount of certainty that members have been evincing keen interest in using the right of asking questions .
It was , therefore , considered that some procedure might be devised whereby members might have an opportunity of bringing urgent matters to the attention of the government .
In the modern parliamentary procedure the idea of introducing Calling Attention Notices in the Rules of Procedure is purely an Indian innovation .
It combines the asking of a question for answer with supplementaries and short comments in which all points of view are expressed concisely and precisely , and the government has adequate opportunity to state its case .
Sometimes , it gives opportunity to members to criticise the government , directly or indirectly , and to bring to the surface the failure or inadequate action of the government in an important matter .
A member , with the previous permission of the Speaker / Chairman , may call the attention of a minister to a matter of urgent public importance and request him to make a statement on the subject .
The minister may make a brief statement or ask for time to make the statement at a later date .
The members ' chief source for tabling the Calling Attention Notices is the daily newspapers .
Sometimes they may be based on the private information of a member or on the correspondence between him and his constituents .
Notices of Calling Attention have to be given by members in writing by 10.00 a . m .
A member can give not more than two calling attention notices for any one sitting .
Notices on the same subject may be given by more than one member , but names of not more than five members are shown in the List of Business .
The Speaker goes through the notices and selects one of them for a statement by the concerned minister at the sitting of the House on a following day .
In certain cases , the Speaker may select two such notices to be taken up at one sitting .
However , the Speaker may , in his discretion , allow calling attention on the day on which the notice has been given , if he feels the matter is so urgent that the statement should be made by the minister on the same day .
The idea behind admitting Calling Attention Notices a day or so in advance is that it would give sufficient time to the minister concerned to gather facts about the matter raised and prepare a statement in time .
Not more than two notices can be taken up at one sitting to call the attention of ministers .
There is no debate on such a statement but each member in whose name the matter is listed is permitted to ask a clarificatory question .
The main purpose , therefore , of calling attention is to seek an authoritative statement from a minister on a matter of urgent nature .
This process does not involve any censure against the government as there is no regular discussion and voting .
The subjects on which ministers have been called upon to make statements have covered matters like disturbances in any part of India , border troubles , railway accidents , shutting down of public undertakings , judgements by law courts in which observations affecting ministries or officers of the Central Government were involved , violations of air space by enemy aircraft , strikes involving the harbours , ports , air companies , railways and other public utility services , position of Indians overseas , a serious food drought or flood situation etc .
While raising his point , the member is not permitted to deviate from the approved text of his statement .
The minister concerned writes to the member directly with regard to matters raised under Rule 377 informing him of the government views and the action taken in the matter .
It may be noted that matters so raised are not included in the List of Business .
While prior to the fourth session of the Sixth Lok Sabha , the use of Rule 377 to raise matters in the House was somewhat limited , a more liberal attitude has been adopted thereafter , so that members could raise various matters of public importance particularly those concerning their constituencies at the earliest .
It has been seen that the members are increasingly taking recourse to this rule and this procedure has become very popular .
While during Fourth Lok Sabha only 36 matters were allowed to be raised under Rule 377 , during the Fifth , Sixth , Seventh and Eighth Lok Sabhas such matters numbered 184 , 829 , 3134 and 3180 respectively .
Being an assembly of a large number of people , ascertaining opinion or the will of the House is a difficult task .
Stibstitute Motions : Motions moved in substitution of the original motion and proposing an alternative to it are called substitute motions .
Discussion is held on both the original and the substitute motions together but vote of the House is taken only on the substitute motion .
Further , if adopted , it supersedes the original question which is then not put to vote , while if amendment is adopted , the original question is put as amended .
Subsidiary Motions : They depend upon or relate to other motions or follow up on some proceedings in the House .
They , by themselves , have no meaning and are not capable of stating the decision of the House without reference to the original motion or proceedings of the House .
Superseding Motions are moved in the course of debate on another question and seek to supersede that question even though they are independent in form .
Any member , in relation to a motion for taking into consideration a Bill , may move a superseding motion seeking recommital of the Bill to a Committee or recirculation to elicit further opinion or the adjournment of the debate on the Bill .
Accordingly , a resolution to be moved in the Lok Sabha may be in the form of a declaration of opinion or a recommendation ; or may be in the form so as to record either approval or disapproval by the House of an act or policy of the government or convey a message ; or commend , urge or request an action ; or call attention to a matter or situation for consideration by the government ; or in such other forms as the Speaker may consider appropriate .
Similarly , in the Rajya Sabha resolution may be in the form of declaration of opinion by the House or in such other form as the Chairman considers appropriate .
The following resolutions moved in the Lok Sabha will illustrate the general forms and the varied subjects that are dealt with in such resolutions :
Considering that even 34 years after Independence , the Jot of a majority of the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes persons has not improved economically and socially , this House recommends to the Government to draw up plans to provide job guarantee to the educated youths of those communities within next five years .
This House is of the opinion that the emerging pattern of different linguistic and ethnic groups as distinctive political entities in the body politic of our country necessitates restructuring of financial and other relations between the Centre and the State and , therefore , resolves that the relevant provisions of the Constitution be amended suitably .
Difference Betzveen a Motion and a Resolution : Motions and resolutions cannot be easily distinguished from each other , rather , they have many things in common .
The difference between them , in fact , is more of procedure than of content .
Quite often , both , motions and resolutions on the same subject are admitted with some slight change of form .
That viewing with concern that development work in different fields is not keeping pace with the urges of the nation due to administrative delays in their implementation , this House recommends to the Government , the setting up of a national statutory monitoring body to constantly watch the progress of the different developmental activities at all levels , locate the factors hampering progress and suggest immediate and remedial measures where any projects are held up and delayed .
Though no period has been prescribed for this , in actual practice , ministers give such notices several days in advance .
These notices are also subject to the same rules of admissibility as the private members ' resolutions .
After a government resolution has been admitted , time for discussion is allotted by the House on the recommendation of the Business Advisory Committee .
Resolutions tabled by ministers are generally for seeking the approval of the House to international treaties , conventions or agreements to which the government is a party ; or for declaring or approving certain policies ? national and international ? of the government ; or for taking the approval to the recommendations of certain committees .
Statutory Resolutions : These resolutions may be moved either by a minister or by a private member .
They are so called because they are always tabled in pursuance of a provision in the Constitution or an Act of Parliament ^ 33 Certain enactments , however , expressly require the government to bring forward a resolution within a specified period of time .
There is no specific period of notice for moving a statutory resolution unless the period itself is prescribed in the particular article of the Constitution or in the section of the statute under which it is tabled .
A copy of every resolution , whether private member ' s , government or statutory , is forwarded to the minister concerned by the Secretary - General , after it has been passed by the House .
In such a easel if more than six months elapse from the date it receives the Bill , a deadlock is deemed to have taken place .
Joint - sitting of the Two Houses : In case of a deadlock due to disagreement betwjeen the two Houses on a Bill , an extraordinary situation arises which is resolved by both the Houses sitting together .
The Constitution empowers the President to summon a ' joint - sitting ' of both the Houses for the purpose of deliberation and voting on the Bill ; unless the Bill has already lapsed due to the dissolution of the Lok Sabha .
Such a joint - sitting is presided over by the Speaker who is assisted by the Secretary - General , the Lok Sabha . '
The joint - sitting is governed by the Rules of Procedure of the Lok Sabha .
At the joint - sitting , only such amendments can be proposed which become necessary due to the delay in the passage of the Bill .
The decisions at such sittings are taken by the majority of the total number of members of both the Houses present and voting .
So far , only two bills , the Dowry Prohibition Bill , 1961 and the Banking Service Commission ( Repeal ) Bill , 1978 , have been passed at joint - sittings .
Assent to Bills : When a Bill has been passed by both the Houses either singly or at a joint - sitting , the Bill is presented to the President for his assent .
If the President withholds his assent , there is an end to the Bill .
The Rajya Sabha cannot reject a Money Bill nor can it amend it by virtue of its own powers .
If the Lok Sabha accepts any of the recommendations of the Rajya Sabha , the . Money Bill shall be deemed to have been passed by both the Houses with the amendments recommended by the Rajya Sabha and accepted by the Lok Sabha .
If the Lok Sabha does not accept any of the recommendations of the Rajya Sabha , the Bill shall be deemed to have been passed by both the Houses in the form in which it was passed by the Lok Sabha ( before the amendments recommended by the Rajya Sabha ) .
Further , if a Money Bill passed and transmitted to the Rajya Sabha for its recommendation is not returned to the Lok Sabha within the said period of 14 days , it shall be deemed to have been passed by both the Houses at the expiration of 14 days .
There is no chance of any disagreement between the two Houses in regard to Money Bills as in the case of an ordinary Bill , where the Rajya Sabha enjoys a co - equal power with the Lok Sabha .
Hence , there is no provision of a joint - sitting in the case of a Money Bill .
Financial Bills The Constitution distinguishes Money Bills from the Financial Bills .
Generally speaking , a Financial Bill may be any Bill which relates to revenue or expenditure .
But , if not being a Money Bill , the Rajya Sabha is fully empowered to reject or amend it as it does in the case of an ordinary Bill .
Subject to the limitation that an amendment other than for reduction and abolition of tax cannot be moved in either House without the President ' s recommendations , such a Bill has to go through all the stages in the Rajya Sabha as an ordinary Bill and in case of a disagreement between the two Houses , the provision of joint - sitting is resorted to for resolving the deadlock .
It may be repeated that the provision for joint - sitting is not applicable in the case of a Money Bill .
Further , a Financial Bill of Category B containing , inter alia , a proposal or proposals which involve expenditure from the Consolidated Fund of India and also does not include any matter specified in Art . 110 , is treated as an ordinary Bill and hence can be introduced in either House and the Rajya Sabha has full power either to reject or amend it .
It does not require the recommendation of the President for its introduction .
However , the recommendation of the President is essential for its consideration by either House .
In other words , the President ' s recommendation is not a condition precedent to its introduction as in the case of a Money Bill and the Financial Bill of Category A , but in this case unless such recommendation has been received , neither House can pass the Bill .
In all other respects , such a Bill is governed , by the same procedure as an ordinary Bill , including the provision of a joint - sitting / in case of disagreement between the two Houses .
Constitution ( Amendment ) Bills The procedure for amendment of the Constitution of India has been laid down in Art . 368 .
The Constitution does not provide for a separate constituent body ; the power to amend the constitution is vested in the Parliament .
An amendment of the Constitution may be initiated by introduction of a Bill for the purpose in either House of Parliament .
Such a Bill may be brought forward by the government or by a private member .
Generally , Constitution ( Amendment ) Bills brought forward by ministers are introduced in the Lok Sabha .
A Constitution ( Amendment ) Bill initiated by a private member , apart from being subject to the normal rules applicable to a private member ' s Bill , has also to be examined and recommended for introduction in the House by the Committee on Private Members ' Bills and Resolutions .
He , however , is not bound by the views so ascertained .
By convention , a motion for leave to introduce a Private Member ' s Bill is not opposed .
Where a motion for introduction is opposed on the ground that the Bill initiates legislation outside the legislative competence of the House , the Chair may permit a full discussion thereon and thereafter put the motion for the decision of the House .
Ordinarily , a member can introduce four Bills in a session .
In the Lok Sabha , after a Bill has been introduced and before it is taken up for consideration in the House , the Committee on Private Members ' Bills and Resolutions classifies the Bills according to their nature , urgency and importance into two categories i . e . , category ' A ' and category ' B ' .
In Lok Sabha , the relative precedence of Bills in a particular category is determined by ballot .
The Bills are included in the List of Business in the order of priority determined by the ballot .
In a parliamentary system , the Legislature has to lay down governmental policies , make laws and oversee administration .
But the enormous range and complexity of legislation and administrative functions of a modern State make it almost impossible for the Legislature to adequately scrutinise legislative proposals and oversee administrative action .
While the government has vast and highly sophisticated administrative machinery and organisation manned by experts , specialists and seasoned civil servants at its ' disposal to undertake its complex tasks , the Legislature finds itself severely handicapped in this regard .
Through the parliamentary devices like questions and debates it is not able to exercise more than a sporadic supervision of administration .
In order to make parliamentary surveillance more effective and meaningful , the Parliament needs an agency of its own in which the whole House has confidence .
This , among other things , the Parliament seeks to achieve through Parliamentary Committees composed of a small number of their members .
The review of administrative action and the examination of numerous and complicated legislative proposals and subordinate legislation require expertise and close scrutiny that are not possible in the Lok Sabha consisting as it does of 545 members .
Ad hoc Committees : Such Committees may be broadly put into two categories : ( a ) The Select or Joint Committees on Bills which are ap - pointed to consider and report on particular Bills .
These Committees are distinguished from the other ad hoc Committees inasmuch as they are concerned with Bills and the procedure to be followed by them is laid down in the Rules of Procedure and Directions by the Speaker / Chairman . ( b ) Committees which are constituted from time to time either by the two Houses on a motion adopted in that behalf , or by the Speaker / Chairman to inquire into a report on a specific subject .
For example , a Committee was constituted in 1951 to go into the conduct of a member Shri H . G . Mudgal , on a motion adopted by the Lok Sabha .
Railway Convention Committee is appointed from timei to time , Joint Committee on Offices of Profit and any other Committee appointed by the House or by the Speaker or Chairman for some specific purpose , are also other examples of such Committees .
More recently , important Joint Committees of the two Houses have ! been constituted on matters like the salary , allowances and pension for members , the Bofors Gun Deal ancj the Bank Securities Scam ,
Constitution of Committees The members of Parliamentary Committees are appointed or elected by the House on a motion , or nominated by the Speaker or Chairman , as the case may be .
Select or Joint Committees on a Bill are appointed on a motion adopted by the House .
Members of all Financial Committees ( Public Accounts Committee , Estimates Committee , Committee on Public Undertakings ) , the Committee on Welfare of Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes and the Joint Committee on Offices of Profit are elected every year by members , according to the system of proportional representation by means of single transferable vote .
Rest of the Committees are nominated by the Presiding Officer of the House concerned .
While some of the Committees are constituted by each House separately , others are constituted jointly by both the Houses .
Reports may be either preliminary or final .
It may make a special report on any matter that comes to light in the course of its work which it may consider necessary to bring to the notice of the Speaker or the House , even if such matter does not fall within the terms of reference .
The report of a Committee is presented to the House by the Chairman of the Committee or any member of the Committee so authorised .
( Until a report is presented to the House , it is treated as confidential ; it becomes a public document only after its presentation to the House .
It is the responsibility of the Parliament to examine and approve the proposals for taxation and estimates of expenditure made by the government .
Although nearly two months of the ' Budget Session ' are devoted for this purpose , discussions are neither very extensive nor intensive .
In its anxiety to cover the whole field , the observations and criticism by the Parliament have tended to be general , repetitive and formal .
As the time available is short , often demands relating to a number of ministries / departments are not discussed at all and the ' guillotine ' is applied .
It is here that the Financial Conmmittees of Parliament endeavour to undertake the task of detailed scrutiny of governmental spending and performance , thereby securing the accountability of the administration to the Parliament in financial matters .
Implementation of a policy is more important than mere formulation .
The position of the Estimates Committee is slightly different from the other two Financial Committees in this regard .
In this case a distinction has been drawn between " policy laid down by Parliament by means of statute or by specific resolutions " and all other policies not so laid down .
In the latter case , the Committee considers itself free to examine any matter which may have been settled as policy by the government in the discharge of its executive duties .
The Committee can examine the working of the policy and not the policy as approved by the Parliament .
Thus , where it is found that a particular policy is not going in the desired direction and will lead to waste , it is considered the duty of the Estimates Committee to point out the defects and bring to the notice of the Parliament , the need for change in policy .
It consists of 22 members ( 15 from the Lok Sabha and 7 from the Rajya Sabha ) .
As a matter of practice , since 1967 , a member of Opposition is being appointed as the Chairman of the Committee .
While the Estimates Committee deals with the estimates of public expenditure , the Public Accounts Committee examines mainly the accounts showing the appropriation of sums granted by the House for the expenditure of the Government of India in order to ascertain whether the money has been spent as authorised by the Parliament and for the purpose for which it was granted .
If any money has been spent on any service during a financial year in excess of the amount granted by the House for that purpose , the Committee examines the circumstances leading to such excess , and makes such recommendation as it may deem fit .
Such excesses are required to be brought up before the House by government for regularisation .
It might also record its opinion in the form of disapproval or pass strictures against the extravagance or lack of proper control by the ministry / department concerned .
The basic material from which the Committee draws its subjects for examination are the audit reports of the Comptroller and Auditor General of India relating to the accounts of the Union which are laid before each House of the Parliament .
The Committee is assisted by the Comptroller and Auditor - General of India who participates in its meetings . "
The Committee functions under two broad limitations ? one , that it is not concerned with the question of policy and two , its findings are ex post facto .
In other words , the Committee can point out irregularities only after they have taken place and the damage has been done .
However , the investigations of the Committee are taken very seriously by officials .
The very fact of the existence of such a Committee has a deterrent effect on a possible administrative waste and extravagance .
The recommendations of the Committee , by pointing out administrative lacunae in policy implementation , have led to valuable improvements in the financial machinery .
The Committee on Public Undertakings : The planned economic development which the country opted for necessitated setting up of numerous enterprises ? industrial , agricultural , commercial , etc . , controlled and managed by the Government of India .
Several corporations and government companies , commonly called ' public undertakings ' , involving large sums of money , have thus come into existence .
Since the moneys invested in them are appropriated from the Consolidated Fund of India , it becomes the responsibility of the Lok Sabha to have adequate control over their affairs .
For this purpose a Committee on Public Undertakings consisting of 22 members ? 15 elected from the Lok Sabha and 7 from the Rajya Sabha ? has been constituted by Parliament .
The Chairman of the Committee is appointed by the Speaker from among the members of the Committee drawn from the Lok Sabha .
The functions of the Committee are to examine the reports and accounts of the public undertakings specified in the Rules of Procedure and the reports of the Comptroller and Auditor - General thereon , if any , and to examine , in the context of the autonomy and efficiency of the public undertakings , whether the affairs of the public undertakings are being managed in accordance with sound business principles and prudent commercial practices .
The Committees worked hard and in a businesslike manner and produced valuable reports .
Between the third and the sixth sessions , the assembly considered the reports of committees on Fundamental Rights , on Union constitution , on Union Powers , on Provincial constitution , on Minorities and on Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes .
Recommendations of the other Committees were later considered by the Drafting Committee .
The first draft of the constitution of India was prepared in October , 1947 by the Advisory Branch of the Office of the constituent assembly .
Before the preparation of this draft , voluminous background material had been collected and supplied to the members of the assembly in the shape of three series of ' Constitutional Precedents ' .
A large number of comments , criticisms and suggestions for the amendment of the Draft constitution were received .
The Drafting Committee considered all these .
Two of the latest regular courses of the Bureau , mainly for participants from abroad , are the Parliamentary internship programme for parliamentary officials and the international course in legislative drafting .
Parliamentary Museum and Archives India has all along attached utmost importance to parliamentary institutions .
Of Jate , efforts are being made to harness all necessary resources towards salvaging , collecting and preserving for the present and future generations , the country ' s rich heritage in this area .
A beginning was made in 1976 when the Lok Sabha Secretariat set up a Parliamentary Archives of Photographs and Films to preserve an authentic , comprehensive , complete and up - to - date pictorial record of the history of the institution of Parliament , its activities and personalities .
A proposal for setting up a Parliamentary Museum and Archives was approved by the General Purposes Committee of the Lok Sabha on 1 August 1984 .
The basic aim of the Parliamentary Museum and Archives is to preserve the past and the present for the future by protecting from the ravages of time and neglect all the precious records , historic documents , and articles connected with the Constitution and Parliament and through them to make the history and growth of Parliamentary institutions and the political system better understpod .
In the current phase of its growth , it is concentrating on acquisition and building of comprehensive collections , proper preservation of all its holdings and display of selected items .
In due course , it proposes to undertake other tasks devoted to dissemination of information on parliamentary institutions and the projection of a proper image of , and the encouragement of a healthy respect for Parliament by stimulating interest in its growth , activities and achievements .
Hall of National Achievements The General Purposes Committee of the Lok Sabha , on 1 August 1984 , approved a proposal for the establishment of a Hall of National Achievements which envisages to present an overall picture of the progress the nation has achieved in diverse fields particularly since independence .
It is proposed to present through exhibitions , models , photographs and other visual materials a panoramic view of India ' s achievements .
Threat to agriculture
The researchers have found 34 species of termites in rainforests compared with only one in formerly forested areas that have been cleared for agriculture .
Since these insects are so important for breaking down plant material - and therefore providing nutrients that plants use to grow - a lack of them could have a detrimental effect on the soil quality and agriculture in these areas .
In areas that depend on subsistence farming , this could have serious effects for the local population .
Paul ' s work will be important for understanding soil ecology in tropical environments .
It might lead to ways of ' mending ' infertile soil by re - introducing key termite species .
50 per cent of the Earth ' s surface lies below two kilometres of ocean , yet we know very little about what lives there .
The deep seabed has an area of 27 million square kilometres , but we have only sampled approximately 2 km2 of it .
Commercial fishing , dumping industrial waste , oil leaks and coastal development are just some of the threats to our oceans today .
Without knowing the biology of our oceans , it is impossible to say how these events might affect the marine life there .
It hopes to do better in the years to come .
The Speaker of the Central Legislative Assembly was then called " President " .
For a detailed discussion see the keynote paper presented by Dr . Subhash C . Kashyap on Recfuitment and Training of Parliamentary Staff at the meeting of Society of Clerks - at - the - Table in Commonwealth Parliaments at Saskatoon , Canada , in October 1985 .
Ibid Every House has a personality of its own , but there are some rules of etiquette , customs and conventions which are common to each House .
The Legislature is not just another club .
The conduct of its members has , therefore , to be characterised by a high standard of dignity , grace , mutual respect and courtesy , as befits the place where all the competing forces in the polity are brought face - to - face for organised interaction .
For the orderly , smooth and efficient dispatch of business and for the accommodation of all shades of opinion in the House , the atmosphere in the nation ' s supreme deliberative forum must be solemn and dignified .
Outside the House as well , a member is expected to observe a standard of conduct consistent with the dignity of his office .
In the day - to - day functioning of the Parliament , the observance , by members of certain rules regarding personal behaviour or etiquette is very important not only for the smooth and decent conduct of the business of the House but also for upholding the dignity of the Parliament and its members .
It would be neither natural nor desirable that there should not be occasional disagreement .
The deliberations must , therefore , be animated by a spirit of mutual concession .
A member should not interrupt any member who is speaking , by disorderly manner .
Occasional interruptions are allowed to clear a point or seek information through the Speaker , to follow the tenor of a speech or to challenge mildly a statement , but frequent interruptions disturb the line of argument of the member speaking and introduce disorderliness in the proceedings .
Also , interruptions by heckling are not permissible parliamentary practice and have been deprecated by the Chair .
Any point about his speech can be raised after he has finished his speech .
Members should not normally converse among themselves in the Chamber but , if it becomes absolutely necessary , they may do so in a very low voice , so as not to disturb the proceedings .
A member should not sit or stand with his back to the Chair .
A member should not cross the floor or pass between the Chair and any member who is speaking .
Breach of this rule is strongly taken objection to by the Chair .
The temptation to listen only to one ' s own voice all the time is great but a good parliamentarian makes it a point to listen to others . Also , every member should maintain silence in the House when he himself is not speaking .
Visitors and Galleries : References to the presence of strangers in the Visitors ' Gallery have been held to be out of order .
But , in appropriate cases , the Chair may make references to the presence of distinguished foreign visitors in the Special Box of the House and on such occasions , members can cheer those visitors by thumping their desks .
Ordinarily , however , members should not applaud when a distinguished visitor enters any of the Galleries , or the Special Box .
General Conduct in the House : Resort to hunger - strike , dharna or any type of demonstration or performance of any religious function in the precincts of the Parliament is not permissible .
Besides , in keeping with parliamentary conventions , members are forbidden to bring arms inside the House ; to enter the Chamber with a coat hanging on the arm ; to place their caps , coats , jackets or shawls on the desks in the House ; to carry walking sticks into the Chamber unless permitted under such exceptional circumstances as old age or physical infirmity ; to smoke in the Chamber ; to raise any slogans or special terms of exclamation or anything of the kind in the House ; to display flags or emblems on their seats in the House ; to bring a tape - recorder into the House or play it there ; to stand in the gangway and talk to other members ; to produce exhibits during debate or make demonstration in the House ; to distribute within the precincts of the Parliament House , any literature , questionnaire or pamphlets , etc . not connected with the business of the House , unless a permission has been obtained in writing in advance ; and to indulge during debate in any frivolity or in jokes with a barb or sarcasm in them .
( i ) Rulings given by the Chair should not be criticised , directly or indirectly , inside or outside the House .
As the authority to conduct the proceedings of the House is conferred on the Chair by the House itself , the Chair ' s interpretation of the rules and practices of the House has to be obeyed , howsoever dissatisfied a member may be or howsoever contrary to the individual inclinations of a member the interpretation may be .
( ii ) A member should not give publicity in the Press to the discussions held by him with the Speaker in his Chamber .
( iii ) A notice should not be given publicity until it has been admitted by the Speaker and circulated to members .
tice , he can approach the civil servant concerned and bring the matter to his notice , but with decorum and in a manner not in any way amounting to pressurising or exercising undue influence .
These powers are as follows : ( i ) to commit persons , whether they are members or not , for breach of privilege or contempt of the House ;
Trying to bribe a member of Parliament will be a breach of privilege .
Some of the acts , which could be considered as contempt of the House are : ( i ) Speeches and writings reflecting adversely on the Houses , their Committees or their members with a view to bring them into disrepute or lower them in the esteem of the people ;
It is note - worthy that he visited also Tiru - vallur and Tirukannamangai which are shrines of Vishnu , and composed several songs in praise of the presiding deities of these places .
One day it was late in the night when he returned from Tiruvottriyur to his brother ' s house .
Beside him stood his sister - in - law with the plate of food .
He ate the food and went back to sleep .
Such tokens of divine favour and such miracles spread his fame at once , while his transparent purity , sincerity and humility and his eloquence drew people to him , many well - known and important .
Tozhuvur who became his disciple in 1849 .
After the passing of Ramalinga , he became Tamil Pandit in Presidency College , Madras .
RAMALINGA , LIKE BUDDHA ( 568 - 488 B . C . ) , RAMAKRISHNA ( 1836 to 1886 A . D . ) and Ramana Maharshi ( 1879 - 1950 A . D . ) became a jivanmukta ( a liberated soul during earth - life ) .
From his birth he had no desire for material possessions , wealth or women .
In a poem he reports to his God :
And he pays tribute to Manikka Vachahar :
Nothing is known about her subsequent life .
RAMALINGA ' S YEARS IN MADRAS WERE MARKED BY GREAT literary activity .
The first twelve years upto 1835 may be described as ' the period of Kandakottam ' ( the last word meaning ' the temple of Kanda ' ) when he identified himself , as a devotee , with God Kandan of that temple , and composed songs in His praise .
The next twenty - two years until 1858 may be described as ' the period of Tiruvottriyur ' when he identified himself , as a devotee , with Lord Tyagaraja ( the ascetic aspect of Siva ) of that temple , and composed songs in His adoration .
Numerous disciples , religious heads , heads of monasteries , poets and scholars in Tamil and Sanskrit , rural and provincial magnates , government officials , people of importance , and unlettered people , gathered round him , revering him as a yogic adept and spiritual master , a poet and scholar .
During this period of his life , he edited certain poems of an earlier age and wrote two works in prose .
The songs that he sang about God Nataraja and to Nataraja are so numerous and diverse that it is difficult to choose fromthem a representative example .
This is diametrically opposed to the survival of the fittest which operates in natural evolution .
The judge too moved , as if to rise , but remembering the judicial convention , kept sitting .
Starting the proceedings , he asked Navalar why he stood up when the respondent entered the court .
The judge continued , ' You also stood up . '
Or having filed it , you need not have stood up when he entered . Your spontaneous action speaks the truth . The case is closed . '
We may take the story of the book Tiru - arut - pa to its close , although it may take us ahead of the chronological schedule at this point .
What comprised the book , as published during Ramalinga ' s life - time , were the first four sections of the book as it is today .
The fifth section , which contains mostly the poems and songs composed by him during his Tiru - vottriyur period in praise of Lord Kandan of Tiruttanihai , were published in 1880 by Tozhuvur Velayuda Mudaliar .
The poems composed by Ramalinga in Vadalur and Mettukuppam , for publishing which his permission had not been obtained , were published as the sixth section in 1885 by Loganatha Chettiar of Tirichirapuram , as a result of the efforts of Padmanabha Mudaliar of Velur and Raghavalu Naicker of Bangalore .
Uran Adigal writes ( in Tamil ) , ' To those who have not been blessed to see Ramalmga , it will be futile to say , " Such was Ramalinga , such his colour , such his presence " .
It is said , the blessed saint had a - body which transcended photography .
It cast no shadow . '
Ramalinga , surprisingly for a religious poet , is autobiographical ; he frequently alludes to himself , his circumstances , his experiences , in unforgettable live pictures .
Even his physical characteristics , habits , dress and the like are alluded to .
He refers to his white dress in a verse , which describes certain other features also :
This walking picture of Ramalinga brings out the quintessence
India ' s Constitution has been variously described .
As Dr .
Ambedkar said , rigidity and legalism were the two serious weaknesses of federalism .
The Indian system was unique in that it created a dual polity with a single Indian citizenship which could be both unitary and federal according to requirements of time and circumstances .
Under article 249 , the Union Parliament can invade the State List .
Under articles 356 and 357 , on the ground of failure of constitutional machinery in any State , all its executive and legislative powers may be taken over by the Union and under articles 352 to 354 , the Constitution can be converted into an entirely unitary one inasmuch as during Proclamation of Emergency , the executive and legislative powers of the Union extend to matters even in the State List .
Finally , under articles 2 , 3 and 4 , new States may be formed and areas , boundaries or names of existing States altered by the Union Parliament by ordinary law passed by simple majority votes .
Moving the Draft Constitution for adoption by the Constituent Assembly , the Chairman of the Drafting Committee , Dr .
The text of the Constitution does not anywhere use the term ' federal ' or ' federation ' .
Appasami Chettiar , one of Ramalinga ' s admirers , used to come to Karunguzhi from Cuddalore ( then called Gudalur ) to see his master .
Haying had his brother cured of an indolent sore on the tongue by the grace of Ramalinga , he placed his hospitality at Ramalinga ' s service .
One day , in the fcont verandah of Chetdar ' s house , two learned men , who had called on the Chettiar , became involved in a heated discussion on Fate and Free Will , or according to their manner of thinking , ( God ' s ) Grace and Free Will .
There was once an ascetic who went naked in the streets .
A certain man , who saw him , was struck by his indifference to the flesh , and gave him a plantain .
Another , who saw him , was outraged by the sight of a man walking naked where women were , and hit him with a stone , A third , troubled by the incident , took both the men and the ascetic to a judge , and told him , ' This good man here gave the ascetic a plantain .
I have brought both to you , one as witness to the othei ' s deed . '
Without going through this stage it was not possible to attain the ultimate realisation , he felt .
The Munduka Upanishad ( Mundaka 3 , kanda 2 , verse 3 ) :
The Atman of him who wisely employs all these means enters the state of Brahman . )
Hold your patience for a while .
It is said that for several days the room remained locked , and nothing was seen or heard or known of him until here - emerged .
Of the three pure bodies , according to his exposition , the first is free from the limitations of the flesh like disease , old age , physiological functions , and it casts no shadow ; the second is visible but not graspable ; the third is intermittently visible and is beyond time .
Finally , a sculptor from Pannurutti made an image of him in clay and showed it to him .
It is stated that Ramalinga remarked , ' So the golden body has become clay . '
And again : No death ever for me !
Therefore it behoves you to accord your belief to their holy words , realizing for yourselves the truth in those woids , to make yours the core of truth in them , rejecting all their rituals and dogmas .
He exhorted them :
The enquiry is this : what is our human situation , what is the nature of the powers that he beyond us and move us ?
You may likewise gain divine life if you likewise give up all .
Indeed the Samarasa Veda Sanmarga Sangam , founded by him , may be considered to be the Indian counterpart of the Theosophical Society , founded ten years later in 1875 in New York .
This was what Ramalinga , himself a Mahatma or adept , taught . He said that all religions , stripped to the core of truth , are the same . He isolated this core , by the name Satya Sanmargam , meaning true knowledge or true universal spirit , from the super - structure which each religion builds on this , constituting the religion ' s total form and nature .
He considers these as accretions and ' falsehood ' , and dismisses them .
He even removed the word veda ( meaning religion ) from the original name of his Society which he finally called Satya Sanmarga Sangam .
He defined the sanmargam , or ' good path ' as the approach to God by self - identification with God and with life and the universe .
The Theosophical Society was founded on 7 September 1875 in New York by Helena Petrovna Blavatsky ( 1831 - 91 ) who claimed repeatedly that she had been called by initiates or masters or adepts in Tibet to make the teaching public .
Col . Henry S . Olcott was the first President of the Society , and Madame Blavatsky the first Secretary .
Tozhuvur Velayuda Mudaliar , the first and best - known disciple of Ramalinga , met Madame Blavatsky and Col . Olcott when they were in Madras .
At that time Velayuda Mudaliar was a Tamil Pundit in Presidency College , Madras .
Little did our loyal friend fancy , when he was penning these lines , that his assertion would one day be capable of corroboration by the testimony of thousands .
Sceptics and prejudiced or interested witnesses in general may scoff as they like , the fact cannot be gainsaid . Our friendsand we have some who regard us neither as lunatics nor imposterswill at least be glad to read the statement which follows ; . . . We are no . more at liberty to repeat here all the questions put to us by the interviewers than we are to divulge certain other facts which would still more strongly corroborate our repeated assertions ( hat ( 1 ) Our Society was founded at the direct suggestion of Indian and Tibetan Adepts ; and ( 2 ) that in coming to this country we but obeyed their wishes .
Following the statement of Velayuda Mudaliar is a comment by Madame Blavatsky , also reproduced in The Theo - sophist , issue of July 1882 :
This is one of those cases of previous fore - telling of a coming event , which is least of all open to suspicions of bad faith .
The honourable character of this witness , the wide publicity of his Guru ' s announcements , and the impossibility that he could have got from public rumour , or the journals of the day , any intimation that the Theosophical Society would be formed and would operate in India all these conspire to support the inference that Ramalinga Yogi was verily in the counsels of those who ordered us to found the Society .
In March 1873 , we were directed to proceed from Russia to Paris .
In June we were told to proceed to the United States where we arrived on July 6th .
This was the very time when Ramalinga was most forcibly prefiguring the events which should happen .
The aspirant is to meditate regularly on the internal sun or internal light of consciousness which persists through the three states of being , namely , wakefulness , dreaming sleep and deep sleep , and whose replica the external sun is in the external world .
This internal consciousness is the common quintessential core of all life .
The following texts from Brihadaranyaka Upanishad ( 7th brahmana or section of the third Adhyaya or chapter ) notable for their sublimity , will help one to grasp the meaning of the Gayatri :
He who dwells in the sun ( aditya ) , and within the sun , whom the sun does not know , whose body the sun is , and who rules the sun within , he is your Self , the Ruler within ( antaryamiri ) , the immortal .
He who dwells in the moon and stars ( chandratarakam ) , and within the moon and stars , whom the moon and stars do not know , whose body the moon and stars are , and who rules the moon and stars within , he is your Self , the Ruler within , the immortal .
He who dwells in the light ( tejas ) , and within the light , whom the light does not know , whose body the light is , and who rules the light within , he is your Self , the Ruler within , the immortal .
He who dwells in all beings , and within all beings whom the beings do not know , whose body all beings are , who rules all beings within , he is your Self , the Ruler within , the immortal .
He who dwells in the mind , and within the mind , whom the mind does not know , whose body the mind is , and who rules the mind within , he is Your Self , the ruler within , the immortal .
Returning from school at 4.30 in the afternoon , he found the gymnastic master waiting for him to give him an hour ' s practice on the parallel bars .
No sooner was he gone than the drawing master arrived .
After the evening repast came the English teacher , and as the lesson proceeded by the light of an oil lamp .
The child would nod , then jerk himself awake with a start , and then nod again , missing far more than he read .
Recalling this ordeal the poet recorded in his reminiscences : " Books tell us that the discovery of fire was one of the biggest discoveries of man .
I do not wish to dispute this - but I cannot help feeling how fortunate the little birds are that their parents cannot light lamps in the evening .
They have their language lessons early in the morning and how gleefully they learn them ! "
Brajeswar was the name of the servant who was in charge of looking after the child ' s meals .
He had a way of appropriating part of the rations for himself .
He would dangle each delicacy before the hungry boy and ask in a stern voice , " Do you want any more ? "
It merely roused envy and unbelief .
Stolen goods , they said . "
In the winter of 1872 - 73 when Rabi was eleven years and nine months old , the Maharshi personally presided over the investiture with the sacred thread of his two young sons Somendra and Rabindra and his grandson Satya .
The three boys , their heads shaved and gold rings dangling from their ears , were closeted in " a three - day retreat " on the third storey of the house , to meditate on the mystery of life and the universe .
The splendid cadence and intonaton of this vedlc verse appealed strongly to his feeling for rhythm and his sense of the mysterious sublime .
But the shaven head was for the time being a source of no little embarrassment , the more so as shortly before the ceremony he had been admitted to an English school called the Bengal Academy .
The shaven head was sure to be a target of jeers of the irreverent Anglo - Indian classmates .
At last they reached their cottage at Bakrota , perched on the top of a mountain .
The boy was now free to wander about and feast his eyes on the loveliness and grandeur of the Himalayas spread out before him .
An iron - spiked stick in hand he roamed at will , wandering from peak to peak .
The father kept no guard on him .
" To the end of his life , " testified the grateful son , " he never stood in the way of our independence .
Many a time have I said or done things repugnant alike to his taste and his judgement ; with a word he could have stopped me ; but he preferred to wait till the prompting to refrain came from within .
A passive acceptance by us of the correct and the proper did not satisfy him ; he wanted us to love truth with our whole hearts ; he knew that mere acquiescence without love is empty .
He also knew that truth , if strayed from , can be found again , but a forced or blind acceptance of it from the outside effectually bars , the way in . "
Early in the morning , long before the sun rose , he woke up the boy and practised with him Sanskrit declensions .
Sanskrit lessons over , the father and son had their morning glass of milk .
The Maharshi would then chant verses from the Upanishads , the boy listening , spell - bound by the sonorous rhythm .
By the time the sun rose above the eastern peak they would be on their morning walk .
Returning home the father gave him an hour ' s lesson in English , after which " came the bath in icy - cold water " .
The four months thus spent in his father ' s company , away from the dull routine of home and school , were not only the happiest days of Rabi ' s boyhood but became the richest experience and source of his early education .
Their immediate effect was that when he returned to Calcutta he was no longer a child .
They were a faraway dream , a legendary abode of the gods , accessible only to heroes and sages of which one read in books .
" I cannot say that my head was not turned . "
He was now the centre of interest at his mother ' s open - air gatherings on the roof - terrace in the evening .
There he told his tales , recited poems and astounded the audience with the tit - bits of astronomical knowledge he had gleaned from his father .
But the biggest feather in his cap was his recitation of Ramayana in the original Sanskrit of Valmiki .
The ladies had known this epic in its Bengali version only ; the original was a mystery to which none but the learned had access .
" Do read us the Ramayana , Rabi dear , " the proud mother would coax .
No coaxing was needed .
The prodigy was only too eager to astound the audience among whom was the youngest daughter - in - law of the family whose admiration he craved most .
But if he imagined that his new status would earn him an exemption from attendance at school , he was mistaken .
Soon after , he changed his school once again and was admitted into St . Xavier ' swith no better result .
While the teaching here was as dull and mechanical as in the previous schools , the atmosphere was rendered even more cheerless by the solemn observance of religious forms .
Finally in 1875 , at the age of fourteen , he gave up going to school altogether .
But the truant from school did not idle away his time .
He mustwoo her in his own fashion .
The family atmosphere was congenial for such wayward pursuit of knowledge .
Poets and scholars , musicians and philosophers , artists and social reformers , geniuses and cranksthey were all there in the family and more came in from outside .
He was then 13 years and 10 months of age .
Though this was his first in troduction to death and the loss of this remarkable lady must have been deeply mourned by the family , the bereavement did not leave any marked impression on Rabi ' s mind .
For one thing there had never been that clinging affection between the mother and son which would leave a void behind ; secondly , his elder brother Jyotirindra and his charming wife Kadambari , " the new sister - in - law " referred to earlier , poured their affection on him and gave to this motherless boy a home in their little household such as he had never known before .
It was Rabi ' s good luck that at this critical period of adolescence he had in his brother a friend and guide who fostered and directed his budding , chaotic genius , and in his sister - in - law a playmate and guardian angel who not only replaced his mother but more than replaced her and chastened and sustained his wild adolescent yearnings .
She was young enough to play at dolls ' weddings and on such occasions invited her young brother - in - law to partake of the feast .
She was an excellent cook and regaled him with dishes which were unknown in Brajeswar ' s cuisine .
She would make him assist her in household hobbies , in cutting betel - nuts or in laying out in the sun to dry finely cut mango slices which make a delicious preserve .
She poured affection on him and yet constantly teased and snubbed him for failings , real or imaginary , so as not to make the precocious boy too conscious of his attainments .
When he read to her his new compositions , she merely smiled and remarked , how much better other poets had written .
Nothing but sorrow have I ever gained except when left freely to myself . "
Jyotirindranath took the young brother with him on his tour of the family estates at Shelidah in north east Bengal , and taught him to ride and took him on his tiger hunting expeditions .
" The jungle was dense , and in its lights and shadows the tiger refused to show himself .
A rough kind of ladder was made by cutting footholds in a stout bamboo , and Jyotidada climbed up with his gun ready . to hand .
As for me , I was not even wearing slippers , I had not even that poor instrument with which to beat and humiliate the tiger .
After long straining of his bespectacled eyes he at last caught a glimpse of one of its markings in the thicket .
It roared furiously , biting at all the sticks and twigs within reach , and lashing its tail .
Thinking it over , I know that it is not in the nature of tigers to wait so long and patiently to be killed .
I wonder if some one had the forethought to mix a little opium with its feed on the previous night !
The boy poet was feeling his way through a chaos and had to chase many shadows before he discovered his own form .
The Kavi Kahini is in fact the story of this young poet ' s spiritual bewilderment and groping .
The poem begins with a highly idealised picture of a poet ' s childhood who is brought up in the lap of nature which is at once mother and companion to him .
As he grows up he discovers that nature is more than a mere playground , it has its purpose and its laws which will yield their secrets only to objective , persistent study .
And so the days pass happily , shared between love of nature and the study of its phenomena , until this adolescent Shelley feels a growing emptiness in his life and realises the need of human love and companionship : Mcmusher mon chay manusheri mana lovely line meaning , the human heart longs for human intimacy .
He wanders disconsolate in the forest and chances upon a maiden with whom he falls in love .
Her name is Nalini a name that was to remain a favourite with Rabindranath .
The poet is happy at first but soon wearies of dalliance in love and mere happiness .
A restlessness seizes him , he leaves Nalini in search of what he himself does not know and wanders in the big world of men .
When he returns , still disconsolate , he finds that Nalini , pining away in his absence , is on her death - bed .
It was here that he first composed his own music for his songs .
This form of composition , at once literary and musical - sometimes the worlds came first and the tune followed , sometimes vice versa , sometimes both the words and tune came simultaneously was to become a major creative delight which lasted till the end of his life .
In all he composed over two thousand songs , words and music , which are sung in Bengal on almost every conceivable occasion and have a popular appeal which surpasses that of even his poetry .
It was in Ahmedabad too that he conceived the plot of one of his loveliest short stories , " Kshudita Pashan " ( The Hungry Stones ) , which he wrote later .
Staying in the house where the stones had been mute witnesses of scenes of revelry and intrigue redolent of the Arabian Nights , his fancy , free to wander , conjured up pictures of those days .
After a few months ' stay in Ahmedabad , his elder brother felt that it would do Rabi more good and prepare him better for his visit to England if he stayed with a family where he would have more practice in conversational English and where he might learn to feel easy in the company of ladies used to the western way of living .
So he sent Rabi to Bombay to stay with the family of a Marathi friend , Dr Atmaram Pandurang Turkhud , an eminent physician and a social reformer of advanced , progressive views .
The burden of " educating " Rabi fell on the young daughter of the family , lovely to look at , who had lived in England and was highly sophisticated by the standards of those days .
Anna ( her full name was Annapurna ) was only slightly older than Rabi .
From these dingy and lonely lodgings Rabindra shifted as a paying guest to the house of a professional coach , one Mr Barker , who was even more odd , though less pathetic , than the Latin tutor .
The only other members of the household were " his mild little wife " and her pet dog .
Whenever Barker wanted to punish his wife he tortured the poor dog .
They sat silent and glum through the dinner much to the discomfort of the embarrassed guest .
Mrs Barker would mumble back , " I wish you were a little more polite . "
" But I did say ' please ' , " Barker protested .
" I did not hear it , " said the wife .
" It was no fault of mine , " the husband remonstrated .
A . R . Blackshield who tried to fix the perception and parameters of secularism in the West , was unable to arrive at any fully viable and acceptable definition of the term .
Secular State must have nothing to do with religious affairs except when their management involves crime , fraud or becomes a threat to unity and integrity of the State .
as against monarchy or dictatorship which were autocratic rule of one person , oligarchy or aristocracy being rule by the few .
Its basic postulates are that the sovereign power resides in the people , that irrespective of religion , caste , creed , colour or sex and irrespective of the level of economic , educational or professional background , all are equal in the eyes of law and that each individual is capable of governing oneself and of managing ones ' own affairs the way one deems fit .
In a democracy the people are supposed to be their own masters .
They have an inalienable right to rule themselves , or to be ruled in the way they like and by the people they choose .
Democracy also recognises the fact that from time immemorial human beings have been fighting with each other for power or for supremacy .
Democracy tries to substitute a more civilised manner of fighting .
It is substitution of the methods of discussion and persuasion for methods of armed conflict .
In the ancient Indian Village Republics and the Greek City States , all the citizens assembled together and decided issues of governance .
From the British Commonwealth , it became the Commonwealth of Nations .
The Commonwealth specifically recognised India ' s status as a sovereign independent Republic .
It did not therefore , affect the sovereign , democratic or republican nature of the State .
Social and Economic Democracy : Democracy conceived in merely political terms meant the right of every citizen to freely vote at periodic elections .
The ' one man , one vote ' principle applied in all democratic elections emanated from the recognition of equal rights of all men - whether highly educated or illiterate , experts , technocrats , industrialists or labourers .
For our founding fathers , however , democracy did not mean merely political democracy or the people ' s right to periodically vote to elect their representatives .
Without social and economic democracy , political democracy had no meaning in a poor country like India .
Dr .
Ambedkar , social and economic democracy was the real aim and ultimate goal .
He said that parliamentary democracy was meaningless unless it was geared to achieving the real goal of economic democracy .
Jawaharlal Nehru had observed later that Democracy of his conception was only a means to an end .
The end was the good life for the individual which must include a certain satisfaction of the essential economic needs .
Only in the measure that democracy succeeds in solving the economic problems , does it succeed even in the political field .
If the economic problems are not solved then the political structure tends to weaken and crack up .
This is made clear by the words of the Preamble which speak of securing to all citizens of the Republic ' Justice , Social , Economic and Political ' .
Justice means harmonization of interests between the individuals , between groups and between the individuals and groups on the one hand and interests of the community on the other .
Most significantly , the Preamble places Justice higher than the other principles of Liberty , Equality and Fraternity .
The concept of Justice in the Preamble is indeed very wide .
It is not confined to the narrow legal justice as administered by the courts .
Social justice implies that all citizens are treated equally irrespective of their status in society as a result of the accident of birth , race , caste , religion , sex , title etc .
Article 15 prohibits discrimination or disability in the matter of access to public places .
Provisions for humane conditions of work , maternity relief , leisure , promoting of economic interests and a decent standard of living for the workers , weaker sections and backward classes , minimum wage , banning of forced labour ( articles 23 and 43 ) were all directed towards social justice .
Economic Justice would require that the rich and the poor are treated alike and that efforts are made to bridge the gap between them .
In pursuance of the objective of economic justice , article 39 directs the State to try to secure that the citizens have an adequate means of livelihood , that ownership and control of the material resources of the community are so distributed as best to subserve the common good , that operation of the economic system does not result in the concentration of wealth and means of production to the common detriment , that there is equal pay for equal work for both men and women , that women and children are not abused and citizens are not forced by economic necessity into vocations unsuited to their age or strength , and that the children are given opportunities and facilities to develop in a healthy manner and in freedom and dignity and childhood and youth are protected against exploitation etc .
In fact , various other articles in Part IV of the Constitution ( articles 36 to 51 ) are also directed towards securing a new social and economic order imbued with justice .
The concept embodied in our Preamble is only that of equality of status and opportunity .
This has legal , social , political and economic aspects .
All citizens are equal before law and enjoy equal protection of the laws of the land .
All citizens are equally entitled to enjoy the political rights to vote and participate in the process of governance without any distinction .
In the economic field , equality means that for the same ability and same labour , the salary would also be the same .
Also , one man or one class would not exploit other men or classes .
The concept of equality of status and opportunity has been given concrete substance and shape in articles 14 to 18 .
Fraternity The ideals of justice , liberty and equality are relevant and meaningful only inasmuch as these promote a common feeling of brotherhood , of Indian fraternity , of being sons of same Mother India despite all the racial , linguistic , religious and other diversities of many sorts .
Provisions relating to common citizenship are directed towards strengthening Indian fraternal feelings and building a strong Indian fellowship .
The fundamental rights guaranteed to all citizens without any discrimination and the Directive Principles directed at achieving social and economic equality are also designed to promote fraternity .
It goes beyond separation of religion and politics , freedom of religion , equal respect for all religions etc .
Unfortunately , not enough importance has been attached by the jurists and judges to this concept .
Speaking on the need for the recognition of the principle of fraternity , Dr .
Ambedkar remarked in the Constituent Assembly :
There is also an international aspect of fraternity which takes us to the concept of universal brotherhood , the ancient Indian ideal of Vasudhaiv Kutumbakam - of the entire world being a family .
This has been elaborated in article 51 of the Constitution under the Directive Principles .
and by issuing guidelines to the State in the form of Directive Principles to so orient its policies as to provide to all citizens , inter alia adequate means of livelihood , just and humane conditions of work and a decent standard of life .
No wonder that the Supreme Court found that the Preamble contained some of the basic features of the Constitution which could not be altered even by an amendment of the Constitution under article 368 .
The princely States with legislatures were put in Part B which listed five States .
Part C included five centrally administered States .
The territory of Andaman and Nicobar Islands was mentioned in Part D .
Andhra was created as a separate State on linguistic basis by the Andhra Act , 1953 .
In E . P . Royappa v . State of Tamil Nadu ( AIR 1974 SC 555 ) the traditional concept of equality was challenged and a new approach to the right of equality under article 14 was propounded when Justice Chandrachud , and Justice Krishna lyer observed : Equality is a dynamic concept with many aspects and dimensionsand it cannot be ' cribbed , cabined and confined ' within traditional and doctrinaire limits .
From a positivistic point of view , equality is antithetic to arbitrariness .
one belongs to the rule of law in a republic while the other , to the whim and caprice of an absolute monarch .
Where an act is arbitrary , it is implicit that it is unequal both according to political logic and constitutional law and is therefore violation of article 14 .
In later judgements ( Maneka Gandhi v . Union of India , AIR 1978 SC 597 ; Ramana Dayaran Shetty v . International Airports Authority , AIR 1979 SC 1628 ; and Ajay Hasia v . Khalid Mujib , AIR 1981 SC 487 ) Justice Bhagwati became more forthright in his approach to article 14 which received unanimous approval of a Constitution Bench of the Court in the following words : It must . . . now be taken to be well settled that what article 14 strikes at is arbitrariness because an action that is arbitrary , must necessarily involve negation of equality .
The doctrine of classification which is evolved by the courts is not paraphrase of article 14 nor is it the objective and end of that article .
It is merely a judicial formula for determining whether the legislative or executive action in question is arbitrary and therefore constituting denial of equality .
The reasonableness of restrictions has to be determined not on abstract considerations but in an objective manner and from the point of view of persons upon whom the restrictions are imposed ( Hanif Quareshi v . State of Bihar , AIR 1958 SC 751 ) .
It is the effect of a law which really constitutes the test of its reasonableness ; its object , whether good or bad is immaterial for this purpose .
( Dwarka Prasad Lakshmi Narain v . State of U . P . , AIR 1954 SC 224 , 227 ) .
The restrictions imposed in carrying out the Directive Principles of State Policy have been held to be in favour of their reasonableness ( State of Bombay v . F .
Freedom of Speech and Expression Freedom of speech and expression is a sine qua non of the functioning of a democratic polity .
Democracy means a government by persuasion and unless there is freedom for discussion of political as well as other matters , the polity could not be termed democracy .
( Romesh Thapar v . State of Madras , AIR 1950 SC 124 , 128 ) .
The Diary has some amusing descriptions of the passengers trying to kill time with merry - making .
His eyes too must have wandered , or else how could he have noticed ?
English girls would be glad to read what he noted in his Diary about their grandmothers or may be , great - grandmothers . " It is a pleasure to walk along the street here .
Patriots at home will , I hope , forgive my admiration of these fair faces , their red lips and shapely noses and eyes that reflect the blue of the sky . "
Once again he praises the European society where women , because they are accorded their due share of freedom , help to make the nation strong , and contrasts it with the Indian society where woman ' s sole function seemed to be to serve and pamper man and thereby emasculate him .
I do n ' t want my seat on the dais ; let me sit on the same bench with my audience and try to listen as they do .
I am quite willing to know the healthy feeling of disappointment when they do n ' t approve of my things ; and when I . say , ' I do n ' t care ' , let nobody believe me . "
Ten years earlier he had said in a song : " They call you mad .
Wait for tomorrow and keep silent .
They will bring their wreath . "
The tomorrow took a long time to come .
Compact , well - knit and tense , with an undercurrent of sympathy and irony of which blend Tagore could be a master when he was detached and not overcome by sentiment or bias , this short novel is one of Tagore ' s best and has been described by a competent critic as " a work of art without blemish " .
There are only four chapters and four characters in the book one of whom tells the story .
What he then noted about the future of China is worth recalling : " Seeing such strength , skill and joy of work thus concentrated in one place , I realised what an amount of power is being stored throughout the land in this great nation .
When such an immense power gets its own modern vehicle , i . e . when science comes under its control , what power on earth will be able to offer it resistance ?
Then to its genius for work will be added the materials to work with .
All the nations that are now enjoying the fruits of the earth dread that awakening of China , and want to put off that day unwelcome for them . "
Tagore stayed in Japan for a little over three months , visiting several places .
Commenting on the fact that he " never heard anyone singing in the streets since I have been here , " he noted in his Diary : " The hearts of these people arc not resonant like a waterfall , but silent like a lake .
All the poems of theirs that I have hitherto heard are picture - poems , not song - poems . "
The influence of these poems remarkable for their brevity may have worked on his mind when he yielded to the requests of young ladies to inscribe something on their fans or autograph books .
It is independence of thought and action , not tutelage under European schoolmasters .
It is science but not its wrong application in life . "
But his words fell on deaf ears , for was he not the poet of a nation defeated and enslaved ?
In September 1916 Tagore sailed for Seattle .
The lectures delivered during this second visit to the United States were published in two volumes , Nationalism and Personality .
While the lectures in the latter volume were much appreciated , embodying as they do some of Tagore ' s profound reflections on art , education , philosophy and the divine potential in the human personality , his forthright denunciation of nationalism as a cult of evil provoked violent attacks in the American press .
The Detroit Journal warned the people against " such sickly sachharine mental poison with which Tagore would corrupt the minds of the youth of our great United States . "
The relentless schedule of an organised lecture tour and the tempestuous tempo of American life to which he was not used and which jarred on his sensibilities proved a strain on Tagore ' s health , aggravated by an ugly incident instigated by his own countrymen during his stay in San Francisco .
Some excitable young Indians , more patriotic than intelligent , belonging to a revolutionary organisation known as the " Gadar " Party , had misconstrued his denunciation of nationalism as betrayal of Indian nationalist aspirations .
Tagore had been Knighted by the British Government the previous year and . these impetuous patriots , putting the two together , assumed that this Indian Knight was a British agent who had been sent to the United States to blacken his own nation .
The British authorities , on the other hand , uneasy and resentful of Tagore ' s uncompromising denunciation of war , were apprehensive of the possible effect of his speeches on the American mind .
They were therefore not averse to , encouraging rumours that the Indian poet was being used as a tool of German propaganda , to alienate American sympathy From the British and Allied war effort .
Thus made the innocent target of mud sttnging from both camps , Tagore was deeply hurt and mortifiedv and became more homesick than ever .
He terminated his contract for the lecture - tour prematurely and sailed for Japan in January 1917 .
After a month ' s stay in Japan on his way back , Tagore returned to India in March 1917 .
There he saw the face , not of aggressive nationalisms but of repressed nationalism being trampled under foot by the very country whose youth were dying elsewhere in defence of their own nation .
He was once again being drawn into the political arena of which the stormy centre was no longer confined to Bengal .
He was now too important to be left alone by his people and , as ever , too impatient to keep quiet when he saw his people suffer .
At a public meeting in Calcutta he captured the hearts of his audience by singing a patriotic song freshly composed .
One of them , in reply to Gandhi ' s query , is of particular interest in view of the language controversy in India which has persisted to this day .
While agreeing with Gandhi that " Hindi is the only possible national language for interprovincial intercourse in India , " he went on to add that it was " truly a foreign language to the Madras people , " and that for this and various other reasons " Hindi will have to remain optional in our national proceedings until a new generation of politicians , fully alive to its importance , pave the way towards its general use by constant practice as a voluntary acceptance of a national obligation . "
The political situation in the country was getting increasingly out of hand .
For lack of adequate constructive channels , the impetuosity of the Bengali youth driven underground was exploding in terrorist activities .
The British Government , now confident of victory in Europe , retaliated brutally .
Violence must be put down with greater violence , hatred met with greater hatred .
This age - old philosophy of power was working its havoc .
But occasions come when to remain in the shelter of one ' s own special vocation becomes a crying shame .
And a particularly harrowing account of the helpless condition of a state prisoner having come to my notice from a trustworthy source , I am compelled to write to you again . "
Written in the same year in which he saw his eldest daughter suffer and die , they bear unmistakable traces of his personal sorrow a sorrow which , because he bore it with fortitude and humility , has only deepened his sympathy with all that lives and suffers .
No indictment of the Hindu joint family could be more devastating , the more so because Wholly devoid of rancour , than the monologue uttered on her death - bed by the daughter - in - law who has drudged patiently for twenty - two years in the service of husband and his family .
Now as she lies dying she refuses all medicine , for living itself has become a disease which only death could heal .
Soon she returns home a widow and grows into an attractive woman .
When her mother , heart - broken at her daughter ' s wasted youth , dies Manjuli drudges day and night to serve her father .
But the old rheumatic widower cannot do with out a wife and goes off to marry a young bride , having found adequate sanction in his scripture .
When he returns , the house is empty , for Manjuli disillusioned and wiser has eloped with the neighbour , a doctor who had always loved her and whom she had , always loved in her heart .
The angry father is horrified at her wickedness and curses her .
The messenger of freedom will himself no longer be free .
He had won the world and the world in turn had won him .
He would now seek his home everywhere in the world and would bring - the world to his home .
And so the little school for children at Santiniketan became a world - university , Visva - Bharati , . a centre of Indian culture , a seminary for eastern studies and a meeting place of the east and the west .
The poet selected for its motto a Sanskrit verse : Yatra visvam bhavati eka - nidom - where the whole world meets in one nest .
The idea had germinated in his mind since his last tour of Japan and the United States and he made his first public announcement of it at a special gathering in Santiniketan on 22 December 1918 .
On almost the same day three years later the University was formally inaugurated .
The University , like its predecessor the School , was no doubt the product of a poet ' s dream but like many dreams when it materialised it turned out to be a pointer to the future .
Tagore had always believed that " on each race is laid the duty to keep alight its own lamp of mind as its part in the illumination of the world .
It is true that it was necessary for him to travel to secure for his project both publicity and material resources , but the necessity was welcome because of an inner and personal need .
In a letter of 15 April 1918 , he was frank about it . " You may have read in books that some birds leave their nests at certain times and fly away over the sea .
I am such a bird .
From time to time something calls me from beyond the ocean and my wings flutter .
He made an extensive tour of south India visiting several towns where he lectured on his educational ideals .
This was followed by a tour of western India during which he presided over the Gujarati Literary Conference in Ahmedabad and spent some time with Mahatma Gandhi at his newly founded asrama on the bank of Sabarmati .
This period , 1917 - 19 , hectic with political and educational activities , was comparatively less crowded with new literary creations .
The only two important and original works in Bengali written during these years were Palataka ( Fugitive ) , published in 1918 , and Lipika ( Sketches ) , published much later in 1922 .
But though comparatively meagre in volume , the character of his Bengali compositions of the period reveals a very high quality of thought , imagination and feeling and marks a new departure in technique and a fresh field for experimentation .
Palataka has been referred to above .
The other volume , Lipika , written in 1919 , is of an altogether different kind .
It consists of short pieces or sketches , some descriptive , some allegorical , some reflective , some satirical and some reminiscent .
They are written in prose , but a prose which has all the rhythm and music and elusive beauty of poetry .
It is possible that the author wanted consciously to capture in Bengali prose the artless beauty of rhythm and expression he had unconsciously achieved in his English translations of Gitanjali .
On the other hand , these pieces are strangely reminiscent of the prose - poems he had written thirty - five years earlier as dedicatory offerings to the memory of his sister - in - law after her sudden and tragic death in 1884 and which were published as Pushpanjali ( Flower Offering ) .
There is no self - pity , no undercurrent of grievance in these recollections which are instinct with wisdom which comes of " sorrow that has now turned into peace . "
The girl ' s father will forbid the match , the girl will threaten to commit suicide and finally in the last chapter everything will wind up in the everlasting bliss of matrimony . Thus , at 5 sh . a copy I ' ll run into several editions . "
HAVING wooed and won his Muse , the man in Rabindranath , like his Arjuna in Chitrangada , felt the need of a wider field of activity , of a fuller life as a man among men .
The artist in him , too , looked for fresh pastures and newer modes of expression .
The poet ' s imagination sought for firmer support in realistic observation , as a flowering creeper needs the firm base of a tree to wind upwards .
Life in the country brought him in direct contact with the soil of his land , and the daily , prosaic , matter - of - fact business of looking after the estates enabled him to see at first hand how the vast majority of his people lived .
He grew to love them and the love gave him an understanding of their helplessness , like a mother ' s of her crippled child .
" I feel a great tenderness for these peasant folkour ryots - big , helpless children of Providence , who must have food brought to their very mouths , or they are undone .
When the breasts of mother - earth dry up , all they can do is to cry .
As soon as the hunger is somewhat appeased , they forget everything else .
" In another letter he said : " If there be any undercurrent of " he subconscious linking the minds of all men , then my heart ' s deep concern for their welfare will surely reach them and be of some good to them . "
Summoning logic and scientific evidence , man explains to Brahma that the horse is not fit for freedom and that it is precisely in the interest of equestrian well - being that man had to invent the harness .
The Old Man ' s Ghost is obsession with Past which rides on the shoulders of Present , subjecting the welfare of the living to a vain glorification of national culture and an unreasoning dread of change .
" Truth is the same to all nations , " he had said , " but each nation has its lies which it speaks of as its idealism . "
He had translated portions of these lectures into French and had used them in his articles during the war . .
The war over , he now wrote to Tagore in June 1919 asking him to add his signature to the Declaration of Independence of the Spirit which Romain Rolland had drafted on behalf of the European artists and intellectuals .
After the disaster of this shameful World War which marked Europe ' s failure , it has become evident that Europe alone cannot save herself .
Her thought is in need of Asia ' s thought , just as the latter has profited from con tact with Europe ' s thought .
Is that non - violence ? "
The best statement of differences in the outlooks of these two great minds of modern India is given by Remain Rolland , who had the imagination to appreciate and interpret both .
" The controversy between Tagore and Gandhi , between two great minds , both moved by mutual admiration and esteem , but as fatally separated in their feeling as a philosopher can be from an apostle , a St . Paul from a Plato , is important .
For on the one side we have the spirit of religious faith and charity seeking to found a new humanity . On the other we have intelligence , free - born , serene and broad , seeking to unite the aspirations of all humanity in sympathy and understanding .
" Tagore always looked upon Gandhi as a saint , and I have often heard him speak of him with veneration .
When , in referring to the Mahatma , I mentioned Tolstoy , Tagore pointed out to me and I realise it now that I know Gandhi better how much more clothed in light and radiance Gandhi ' s spirit is than Tolstoy ' s .
With Gandhi everything is nature modest , simple , purewhile all his struggles are hallowed by religious serenity , whereas with Tolstoy everything is proud revolt against passion .
At the time he ( Tagore ) was not only the ' poet ' but the spiritual ambassador of Asia to Europe , where he had asked people to cooperate in creating a world university at Santiniketan .
Whatan irony of destiny that he should be preaching cooperation between Occident and Orient at one end of the world , when at that very moment non - cooperation was being preached at the other end !
And yet in his reply , so proud and so poignant , there is nevertheless something that justified Tagore ' s misgivings : Sileat poeta , imposing silence on the person who is called upon to obey the imperious discipline of the cause .
Obey without discussion the law of Swadeshi , the first command of which is Spin ! "
Unwilling to prolong an unnecessary and futile debate with a man whose character he deeply respected and whose advent on the scene he had hoped for and predicted ; Tagore kept silent and retired to his favourite retreat in Santiniketan .
Had he not earlier admonished himself : " If you cannot march in step with your compatriots in the greatest crisis of their history , beware of saying they are in the wrong , and ; you in the right !
But give up your place in the ranks and go back to your poet ' s corner and be prepared to meet with ridicule and public disgrace . "
In the darkness of defeat he saw a smile and heard a voice that said , " Your place is with the children , playing on the beaches of the world , and there I am with you . "
A series of beautiful child - poems were the result , which were later published in 1922 as Sisu Bholanath , lyrical interpretation of the child - mind , ' reminiscent of the poems he had written nearly two decades earlier which had been later published in English as The Crescent Moon .
The dejection from which he sought relief in these poems had in fact begun earlier in New York where he had felt a prisoner " in the dungeon of the Castle of Bigness . "
" My heart is starved , " he had wailed .
" Day and night I dream of Santiniketan which blossoms like a flower in the atmosphere of the unbounded freedom of simplicity . . .
His first practical experiments in this field were conducted for the benefit of the peasants on his family estates .
Many years later when he was working out his educational experiments in Santiniketan , he founded a parallel institution adjacent to the educational colony and named it Sriniketana nucleus for experiments in rural community development .
Himself a leading intellectual among his people , his chief concern , as a man if not as a poet , for fifty years , from 1890 to the year of hi , s death in 1941 , was the Indian peasant .
With his limited resources and in the limited field where he could function , he helped and made it possible for the peasants to build their own schools and hospitals , roads and water - tanks , set up cooperative enterprises and banks and a system of self - government , thus saving them from the extortions of usurious money - lenders and petty lawyers who fatten on litigation .
The peasants got loans at cheap interest and the school received a fixed annual income .
All this time while the benevolent land - owner was concerned with the welfare of his tenants , the artist in him was watching the life of the common people , their joys and sorrows , loves and enmities , their little deeds of patience and heroism , their capacity for sacrifice in the cause of family or religion and their cowardly acquiescence in injustice and oppression .
Always seeking the great in the small , he found ample material in the lives of the common folk for his short stories .
While my companion was this eternal Piper , this Spirit of play , I was nearest to the heart of the world .
I knew its mother - tongue , and what I sang was caught up by the chorus of the wind and water and the dance - master of life .
" But now came the schoolmaster in the midst of my dreamworld , and I was foolish enough to accept his guidance .
I laid aside my reed , I left my playground , where the Infinite child is spending his eternity ' in mere idle sport . '
In a moment I became old and carried the burden of wisdom on my back , hawking truths from door to door .
" Why have I been made to carry this burden , I ask myself over and over again , shouting myself hoarse in this noisy world where everybody is crying up his own wares ?
Pushing the wheelbarrows of propaganda from continent to continentis this going to be the climax of a poet ' s life ?
It seems to be like an evil dream , from which I occasionally wake up in the dead of night and grope about in the bed asking myself in consternation : ' Where is my music ? '
" The poet who is true to his mission reaps his harvest of love ; but the poet who strays into the path of the good is dismissed with applause .
So I founded my International Universitya great work !
At such times he tended to be prolix , repetitive and stale .
Too frequent travel and repeated appearance on public platform , adulation of the unthinking multitude and a ceaseless crusade for lofty ideals ( which also became a campaign for raising funds for Visva - Bharati ) were a distraction hardly conducive to a mood of creative thought or of contemplative insight .
Gradually he came to be surrounded by a flock of admirers , many of whom were little better than courtiers , sycophants and parasites who applauded whatever he wrote or said or did , and who were like a solid wall which stood between him and the real world .
This is a danger which celebrities all over the world have to face , but nowhere it is more deadly than in India , the traditional home of idolaters .
That Tagore survived this hazard and himself smashed the idol that others had made of him , that he broke the fetters he had forged for himself , and went on discovering new areas of creative expression , surpassing his own earlier achievements , that nothing could keep him captive to a pinnacle however high or to a pasture however green and luscious , is the best evidence we have of the unfailing vitality of his genius , his untiring quest of the unknown , his intellectual vigour and spiritual integrity .
The world had become his stage and Santiniketan an ideal studio for rehearsals .
In July Tagore presided at Shelly Centenary Celebrations in Calcutta .
While the earlier play was concerned with the diabolical use of technological knowledge ( symbolised in the Machine ) for colonial exploitation , this one raises the more fundamental issue of the free spirit of life set against the more terrible machine of a highly organised and mechanised society which turns men into robots , reducing names to numbers .
The age - old struggle between the individual and the State , between the liberative impulse and the compulsive will , between free intelligence and cold calculating intellect , which has assumed sinister proportions with the development of the " scientific technique , " is the theme of this play .
The treatment is characteristically Tagorean , half - realistic , half - allegorical , logic and mysticism diluting each other and making the dramatic conflict more suggestive than obvious , the conclusion more baffling than convincing .
The kingdom of Yakshapuri flourishes on gold mining and forced labour .
Its King lives behind locked steel doors , veiled in mystery , awe and terror , literally and symbolically behind the iron curtain ( long before Churchill thought of the symbol ) .
In his name the Police Chief rules the land with a ruthless exercise of the whip and a judicious use of religious superstition .
It is the same cord , says a victim , that makes the whip and binds the rosary .
Into this " brave new world " comes a young and wilful girl , Nandini , who fears no one and whose beauty charms every one .
She upsets the whole order , not only making the workers rebellious but luring the King himself out of his hiding .
When he sees what his henchmen have made of his people , he himself leads the revolt against his own generals but not before Nandini ' s beloved companion , a brave and carefree youth , Ranjan , who refuses to be conscripted , is killed .
It was a real devotion , the devotion of a young and ardent spirit to an ideal and not the " fussing " of a society lady eager to capture a lion .
That this enforced holiday was fruitful in . a truly creative sense is evidenced from the quality of poems exquisite and haunting in their playful and restrained tenderness which he wrote during his stay at San Isidro and for some time after .
These poems were published in 1925 under the significant title , Puravi , which is the name of a lovely evening melody .
The volume was dedicated to Vijaya ( the Sanskrit parallel of Victoria ) by which name Tagore used to address his hostess .
" I am sending you , " he wrote to her from Calcutta when he sent her a copy , " a Bengali book of poems which I wish I could place in your hands personally .
I have dedicated it to you though you will never be able to know what it contains .
I hope this book How lovingly some of these poems written in San Isidro " encircle , " to quo . e the author ' s own phrase , the memory of days spent with Vijaya , maybe guessed from the following specimen ( unfortunately bereft of the exquisite flavour of original ) :
Laughing she came with her flowers of joy ; I had nought else but the fruit of my sorrow .
I asked her , " Who will be the loser if we exchange what we have ? "
This assurance was borne out to the end and the deep affinity that linked the Mahatma and the Poet survived the many duels on the public platform .
The glorious discovery was mutual .
Before the year ended Tagore presided over the first session of the Indian Philosophical Congress in Calcutta where he spoke on the philosophic significance of the folk cultures and folk religions of India .
Soon after , in the beginning of the new year , he went to Locknow to attend the All India Music Conference .
In the midst of the music festival came the news of the death of his eldest brother , Dwijendranath , the gentle and amiable philosopher - mathematician .
One by one the links with the past were snapping . Dwijendranath was a true philosopher who took even his own vast learning and talents philosophically and neither paraded the former nor made much of the latter .
He was Borodada ( eldest brother ) not only to Rabindranath but to all , including Gandhi and Andrews who were much attached to him .
" Borodada ' s death , " commented the Mahatma , " means the withdrawal of a great sage , philosopher and patriot from our midst . "
One day suddenly the stones felt the old familiar shiver of delight , which could only come from the tread of Kusum ' s feet .
But there was no longer the same light music in her step .
Kusum had returned to her villagea widow .
She gradually grew into a young and lovely woman , " as the Ganges swells into beauty during the rains . "
One day a tall and handsome Sanyasi arrived in the village and took up his abode in the Siva temple near the ghat .
Men and women of the village came to listen to his discourse , but Kusum was not one of them .
On the day of the sun ' s eclipse many people had gathered from villages far and near to bathe in the holy Ganges , among them some women from the village where Kusum had spent the few months of her wedded life .
The ghat heard one of the women say that the Sanyasi looked very much like Kusum ' s husband who had disappeared and was supposed to be dead .
Recovering herself she pulled the veil down on her face and did obeisance to the Sanyasi , who asked , " What is your name ? "
It is not without significance that his poetical and musical compositions of this period revolve round the concept of Nataraja , the Divine Dancer holding the universe in the whirl of his cosmic dance .
He embodied it in a song - and - dance sequence called Nataraja Riturangasala which was produced in Santiniketan in February .
In march he went on anodier tour of western India during which he presided over a Hindi literary Conference held in die then princely state of Bharatpur .
He spent the summer in the pleasant hill - station of Shillong in Assam where he began what might have been his biggest novel , Teen Punish ( Three Generations ) .
He had planned it on an ambitious scale , as the title indicates , and he began it superbly , in the best traditional manner of story - telling , unburdened with sophistication or affectations .
The loving observer of his people , the story - teller and the social psychologist have combined to achieve a consummate work of art which makes some critics acclaim this novel as " die most satisfying of all die novels Tagore has written . "
But Tagore was no Tolstoy or Balzac and could not live long at a stretch in one fixed world even though peopled by his own creations .
The poet , the singer and die teacher constandy meddled with the novelist and lured him away from concentration on one plot or one set of characters . And so , having planned this saga as a trilogy , he gave it up after completing the story of one generation only and the novel was published two years later under the altered title Yogayog ( Cross Currents ) .
Almost all the major novels of Tagore depict the inevitable conflicts and contradictions of the Indian ( chiefly Hindus ) society in transition .
Although the conflict is almost always and basically social and cultural , the aspect analysed differs from novel to novel .
Having given up the voyage , he was no longer restless and fretful .
The old poise returned and with it the creative mood .
During this brief stay in Bangalore he not only completed the novel Yogayog but also finished another Which he had begun during his recent voyage to Colombo , SesherKavita ( Last Poem ) .
This novel which is almost half poetry is very popular among Bengali readers and stands in a class by itself .
Its modern setting , its playful mocking tone , its challenging style , die author ' s trick of introducing himself as the butt of the hero ' s merciless criticism , the scintillating wit of the dialogue and the final tragic note voiced in the beautiful poem at die end which gives the book its tide all these won for it an immediate popularity with die young readers .
Dr Sukumar Sen describes it as " a love story written as if to end all love stories . "
It is interesting to recall that die author completed this and the other novel , Yogayog , almost simultaneously and no two novels could be more dissimilar , in dieme , style , treatment , mood or language .
Fortunately , he had had no training and no reputation at stake as a painter , and so he painted without inhibition , without affectation .
The only unfortunate part of it was that not taking his art seriously he drew on whatever paper was at hand and with any instruments and colours , with the result that the preservation of these paintings many of which are of high quality is presenting a serious problem .
He painted fast and with a sure hand , in between the intervakof his literary activity , finishing each picture at one sitting , and has left behind nearly 3,000 paintings and drawings , all done during the last thirteen years of his life a remarkable achievement , considering that during the same period he also published a large number of volumes of literary writing , poetry and prose .
There is no doubt that many of these drawings are marked by a strong feeling for rhythm , but apart from this affinity there is little in common between his poetry and his painting .
In fact , it would seem that some other self of his , if not deeper , at any rate more hidden , were seeking expression through this new medium .
In his literary writings Tagore is a conscious artist , a finished craftsman with perfect control over his tools and his medium , so that he is able to say what he wants to say and in a manner which he approvesi , What he says is therefore necessarily selective and , as in all great art , beautiful and striking , often so much more than merely beautiful as to make one wonder how far it is the voice of Rabindranath the individual and how far of something much bigger and transcending him maybe , the spirit of India or of his people , or of humanity , or of life and nature , or of something far more mysterious and divine , comprehending and surpassing them all .
He writes as one dedicated consciously and impelled subconsciously to a higher purpose .
But when he paints , it is rather like somnambulist walking , sure of his step without seeing , driven by an urge of which the direction is outside his control .
The grotesque , the bizarre , the cruel , the sardonic , all that he scrupulously kept out of his writings peeps out of his drawings .
Not only Angels and Ariels but Pucks and Calibans too have their full play on his canvas .
After a pleasant halt in Saigon , then French Indo - China , where he was warmly received , Tagore returned to India in July in time to welcome with songs , as he used to sayj the rain - laden clouds over the Santiniketan sky .
In January 1930 Tagore visited western India and gave lectures in Baroda on . "
In March he sailed for Europe to keep his engagement for the Hibbert Lectures at Oxford which ill - health had prevented him earlier from keeping .
Lecture engagements were a convenient excuse ; the compelling reason was his own restlessness , this time made more imperious by the prospect of his paintings being exhibited in Paris and of his seeing once again his charming Argentinian hostess Victoria Ocampo who had come all the way to Paris to organise the exhibition which opened at Galerie Pigalle in early May .
The paintings were well received by Paris critics , who described them as " pure paintings , absolutely sincere and wholly uninfluenced by our studio customs . "
The Hibbert Lectures delivered in Oxford later in the month were published in the following years as The Religion of Man , dedicated to Dorothy Elmhirst .
After an exhibition of his paintings in Birmingham and London , Tagore left for Berlin in July .
This visit deepened his affection and regard for Einstein with whom he had long discussions , a gist of Which is recorded in an appendix to The Religion of Man .
His pictures were exhibited at Gallery Moller in Berlin and a civic reception was accorded to him in the ancient Town Hall of Munich .
He visited many places in Germany , including Oberammergau where he witnessed the Passion Play .
We have neither power nor wealth .
We belong to the hungry and the helpless under dog class of the world . "
Marxism or the philosophy of dialectic materialism was alien to his mental make - up which sought for harmony and cooperation rather than contradiction and conflict in the process of history .
His faith in the validity of the individual conscience and in the " infinite personality of man " biased him against any technique of political action aimed at wholesale and violent suppression of opposition .
He had a horror of the machine dominating the man and knew that the party machine did it more ruthlessly than any other kind .
He believed that inhumane means were capable of perverting the most humane ends .
He was by no means a blind admirer of whatever he saw in the Soviet Union .
He was aware of the ruthless nature of the party dictatorship and of the many moral limitations of the Soviet experiment .
But these limitations did not make him lose his perspective and miss the wood for the trees .
As a matter of fact , Tagore keenly sympathised with the political and social upsurge in his own country had he not partly inspired it himself ? and held the Mahatma in higher esteem than he did any other leader or personality , Indian or foreign .
On the other hand , he recoiled from what he felt was a medieval and reactionary element in the Mahatma ' s mental make - up and social ideology which he feared would be misused by his followers .
The Mahatma could rise above the limitation of his own biases but would his followers do so ?
How far his misgivings were justified may be left to the verdict of history .
But he was soon sobered by the innate lucidity of his mind and learnt to distinguish the mask from the face and came to realise that India , for all her uniqueness , was but a part of humanity like any other part and must march with the rest .
Gandhi made , the same discovery when he said , " If it is possible for the human tongue to give the fullest description of God , I have come to the conclusion that God is Truth .
Two years ago I went a step further and said that Truth is God . "
In his beautiful poem on Shahjahan , Tagore had said that The Rabindra Jayanti which had been organised by the citizens of Calcutta at the end of the year to mark the seventieth birthday of the poet , was suddenly cut short at his insistence on 4 January 1932 when the news was received of , the arrest of Mahatma Gandhi within a week of his return from London where he had been invited to participate in a Round Table Conference .
The poet who had still some faith left in the British professions of justice . and fair play sent a cable to the Prime Minister , Mr Ramsay Macdonald , protesting against " the policy of indiscriminate repression . . . causing permanent alienation of our people from yours . "
On 26 January he issued a statement which the Government censorship or press did not allow to be fully published .
The poet , hurt and mortified , expressed his feelings in poem , called " Prasna " ( A Question ) , addressed to God : You have sent your messengers from time to time who have preached forgiveness and love of all mankind .
The dejected poet sought retreat for a few days in a quite villa on the Ganges at Khardah where he composed a number of poems directly inspired by paintings , some his own and some of other Indian artists .
These were later published as Vickitrita ( Variegated ) and dedicated to the artist Nandalal Bose .
Age and claims of a strenuous life were telling on Tagore ' s health and his straight back and stately shoulders were getting bent .
When he had come to the regretful conclusion that he would no longer be able to undertake another foreign tour , came an invitation from the King of Iran , Reza Shah Pehlavi , to visit his country .
To avoid the strain of a long and arduous journey they travelled by air .
Oh that I were a Bedouin ! he had exclaimed in one of his early poems .
Tragic news awaited him on his return from the land of roses and nightingales .
His only grandson , Nitindra , delicate , sensitive youth of much promise , whom he had sent to Germany for training in book - printing , was seriously ill with galloping phthisis .
Nitindra died in Germany on 7 August .
The death of his only grandson in a far - away land was a severe blow .
But the poet had known many bereavements , and from each great sorrow he had emerged more chastened in spirit and firmer in his faith in life .
" From afar you seemed terrible and invincible in your pitiless majesty , " he wrote in a fine poem .
" With trembling heart I stood before you , in dread of your ominous frown .
Years ago he had sung : I have dived into the ocean of forms in the hope of getting the pearl of the Formless I shall wander no more from one landing place to another in my worn - out boat .
Ceasing to wander he could now dive deeper than ever and get his pearl .
Many discerning Bengali critics believe that Tagore ' s greatest poetry was written in the last decade of his life .
This may or may not be so , depending on the reader ' s mood , taste and personal predilection .
What is undisputed is that he scaled many peaks in his long career , each different from the others , and as one watches him a top any one of them , it seems the highest peak .
And since the peak scaled last was the nearest to his readers and its conquest was the more arduous and heroic because it was climbed in old age and failing health , it is no wonder that its scaling should seem to many other things besides writing poetry , some of them too must claim attention .
On 20 September 1932 the nation was stunned by the news of Mahatma Gandhi resorting in jail to a " fast unto death " as a protest against the British Prime Minister ' s decision known as the Communal Award , which aimed at dividing the Hindu community into separate electorates of caste and outcaste Hindus .
At 3 a . m . of the day on which he was to begin the fast the Mahatma wrote to Tagore : " Dear Gurudev , this is early morning 3 o ' clock of Tuesday .
I enter the fiery gate at noon .
If you can bless the effort I want it .
Before the year was over two new novels and a drama in prose were published , Dui Bon ( Two Sisters ) , Malancha ( The Garden ) and Bansari ( after the name of the main heroine in the play ) .
It was indeed a fruitful year in literary activity , despite the many distractions of public engagements and political happenings .
Dui Ban is a short novel , mainly psychological in interest , dealing with the usual triangle , in this case two sisters in love with the same man .
It is as if the author is trying to show that a man seeks in woman both mother and sweetheart .
Lucky the man who can find both in one .
But human nature and society being what they are , a man cannot always have both and love is at best only a partial fulfilment .
A heart that is alive cannot escape frustration .
The situation in this novel is further complicated by the two rivals being sisters , both of them equally admirable , each in her fashion .
The author has tried to face boldly the psychological dilemma caused by a conflict of loyalties , loyalty to married love and loyalty to love , free and unfetteredwithout sentimentalising and without moralising .
Malancha is shorter in length but more dramatic in situation .
The novel is mostly in dialogue and one wonders why the author did not write it as a play .
The theme is almost similar to that of Dui Bon , two women and a man , though the rival in this case is not the wife ' s sister , but the husband ' s cousin .
The psychological interest of this novel is , however , of a different nature .
Niraja was happily married to a florist who was passionately devoted to his nursery garden .
She grew to share this devotion - in the usual feminine way , for only by sharing his interests could she possess her husband fully .
The husband doted on her and then happiness was the envy of friends .
Because she was happy she was generous .
But the fates were jealous and after ten years of unblemished happiness , she suddenly became a bed - ridden invalid With no hope of sharing her husband ' swork in the garden .
She could only watch from a window by her bed the scene of her past happiness .
This consolation , poor enough , turned into a source of bitterness when her husband sent for his young cousin Sarala to help in the garden .
It is all the more unfortunate because this kind of unscientific view of phenomenon is too readily accepted by a large section of our countrymen . "
Gandhi , however , reiterated his faith in an article in his English weekly , Harijan . " To me the earthquake was no caprice of God , nor a result of a meeting of blind forces , " he wrote .
" We do not know the laws of God nor their working . "
Jawaharlal Nehru ' s comment on this controversy is worth recalling : " During my tour in the earthquake areas , or just before going there , I read with a great shock Gandhiji ' s statement to the effect that the earthquake had been a punishment for the sin of untouchability .
He was ageing and was no longer able to travel as he would have wished to .
More harassing than the problem of age was that of money .
The royalties from his Bengali publication were meagre poetry is rarely a profitable vocation and the buying capacity of the very limited reading public of his country was pitiful .
By 1934 Tagore had become in the west more a memory than a living voice and his royalties had considerably dwindled .
The Postmaster had very little work and to while away the tedium of the long summer evenings he would call the girl and engage her in conversation while he puffed at his hookah .
One day the Postmaster took to bed with a severe bout of malaria .
Day and night the little girl watched by his bedside and nursed him back to health .
Whatever this man who has been rightly called an artist in life did became somehow creative and educative , and these tours , apart from their other aspects , became a mission of considerable educative importance , creating a taste in the public for aspects of Indian culture hitherto ignored or despised .
The first of these cultural tours , apart from the earlier one to Bombay , was in Ceylon for which charming island Tagore had always had a warm corner in his heart .
It was during his stay in Ceylon that Tagore completed what was to be his last novel , Char Adhyay ( Four Chapters ) .
In this short and powerful novel , which has since been successfully dramatised for the stage , he returns to the theme he had discussed earlier , in a different setting , in The Home and the Worldhuman values and political ideals .
The setting is the underground revolutionary movement in Bengal ; against its heroism and its terrorism are depicted the frustration of love and the gradual debasement of human values .
The author ' s analysis of the motives that inspire and condition political heroism is marked by cleep psychological insight in this tragic drama of frustrated idealism and is expressed in language of great vigour and beauty , the novel aroused a storm of controversy in Bengal and the author was mercilessly reviled .
During the five years from 1032 , despite the many tours he undertook within the country and one outside India to Iran , Tagore published seven volurqes of poetry , two novels , a drama , and composed music for , a directed the production on stage of five dance - dramas : Sapmochan ( Redemption ) , Chandalika and Tosher Desk in 1933 , and Chitrangada and Syamain 1936 .
Except for Tosher Desk ( The Kingdom of Cards ) , which was based on a shrt story written much earlier , the themes of the other four were drawn from of Hindu and Buddhist legends , which he had earlier retold in verse .
What Tagore had taken from the ancient lore were skeletons to which he gave new life by filling the dry bones which flesh and blood not ony of music and dance but of dramiatic interest and deep psychological and moral significance .
Three main characteristics mark these poems : a recurring reminiscent mood , a need to look back on the long path strewn with memories ; a widening horizon of thought and a deepening sympathy with what is commonly ignored , discarded despised , uninhibited by moral or social bias ; and a restless urge to explore to the farthest limits the possibilities of Bengali diction and rhythm and to draw uncanny music out of the seemingly discordant It would be wrong to imagine that these four books of prose - poems , remarkable as they are , mark , whether as an aberration or a further development ; a stage of no return , where Tagore ceased to be what he had always been .
As a matter of fact , even while tie was writing these prose - poems , he was also writing other Verse of less unorthodox kind as well as pure traditional lyrics in the form of songs .
Though he went on outgrowing his past and trying out new forms and media , basically he did not cease to be what he always was , namely , a lover of nature , lover of earth , lover of life , lover of death , and lover of the mystery that unites life with death .
It is this love that enabled him to identify himselfoften in a manner that seems uncannywith every aspect and mood of nature , and which explains his intuitive humanism , his universal sympathies and his overflowing tenderness for his fellow beings or for whatever is nurtured in the lap of our earth .
This love is a recurrent theme in all his writings spread over a period of more than six decades .
In the poems of the last decade of his life , when the world had so radically and violently changed from the world he had been born and grown into , this love instead of recoiling from life and the world grown menacing and mocking , and retreating into its shell , became even more all - embracing , more ' tender , more frankly avowed than ever .
This earth I loved .
Midst its hungers and thirsts , I ' ve tasted its nectar .
In its dust I found my true fulfilment , and among the dishonoured the degraded my liberation . "
This is said , not by way of socialist bravado , but with deep humility and feeling , as though what he had sought in heaven , he now found lying discarded on earth .
This wisdom , such at it was , came to him through sorrow .
As he put it , in the deepest cavern of the being there is such utter darkness that one can only catch a glimpse of what is hidden there with the torch of sorrow .
This wisdom was primarily of the heart and not of the head , much less the wisdom gleaned from scripture and philosophy .
It helped to release him fro . m bondage to any formal faith , creed or tradition and committed him only to love of this earth and what is sustained by it , or as he chose to put it , he was content to be good - for - nothing and glad . "
Over the play of light and shade outside this window , let my consciousness float away no thinking , no disputing , no learning until it merges into the great ocean where death awaits life . "
His humanism came to him more directly and with greater certitude from this wisdom of the heart than from the subtle speculations of the Upanishads or from the Vaishnav lyrical mysticism or from the liberal humanism of western thought .
In one of the poems of Punascha he tells an anecdote which well illustrates his characteristic feeling and attitude .
Shankarlal was a learned Court Pandit renowned for his erudition and power of debate .
The voice said , " He who was my own and ever - young playmate on this earth , him I do not see in this room any more . "
I asked , " Is he no where then ? "
There was a soft whisper : " He is there where I am .
Many of the poems in these two volumes are exceedingly beautiful and in them Tagore ' s power of expression is at its best .
He has no need of God if He is not in the light of the sun and in the heart of the untouchable and beyond all barriers .
For him the primal mystery of creation is in the eflgence of light and its final mystery in the nectar of love .
This form was his oldest love and he reverts to it again and again , whatever his experiments and explorations of other modes .
Some of the poems are very beautiful and as usual represent a large variety of themes and moods .
He looks back on the long avenue of the past he has traversed and left behind and although he cannot get back what is lost , he has learnt to gaze at life ' s mystery and has experienced " the joy that comes of forgetting all loss and gain , all sorrow and happiness . "
He can only console himself . " It is there and yet not there , and so there is no burden .
One has to do without it and there in lies its value . "
But there is a real passion of grief in one poem addressed to " Ourbhagini " , file ill - fated one .
It is dated 6 August 1932 .
The poet ' s only surviving daughter was in Germany by the bedside of her only son who died the following day .
Unable to travel about freely , the poet took to changing his dwelling place , from house to house .
He now took it into his head that he must live in a mud cottage . So a mud hut had to be built , next to the house he was then occupying .
Some absent - minded divine designer , while fashioning a black bird with the stuff of the July cloud and the lightning flash , must have improvised unawares this woman ' s form ; her impulsive wings hidden within , her nimble steps uniting in them a woman ' s walk and a bird ' s flight .
It was not only that the public clamoured for his appearance on the stage ; he also loved to act .
It was successfully staged in Calcutta , winning high praise , and was then taken by the poet on a tour of north India .
After earning more applause than money in several big towns , it was staged in Delhi in the last week of March .
Gandhi who happened to be in Delhi was much perturbed that the aged poet in failing health should be obliged , for want of funds for his university , to undertake such arduous tours , and immediately sent him a letter enclosing a bank draft for Rs . 60,000 as an offering from " Your humble countrymen " .
" Now , " wrote the Mahatma , " You will relieve the public mind by announcing cancellation of the rest of the programme . "
Tagore was deeply touched and grateful , though at the back of his mind was passing regret that he would miss the excitement of taking his troupe around , for there is no doubt that he thoroughly enjoyed putting his creations on the stage , himself seated in a corner , like a silent and motionless conductor , or , as a critic once put it , like an authentic signature to his own work .
As the Delhi visit made memorable Gandhi ' s generous and loving solicitude for the poet ' s health , it made notoriously manifest the British government ' s ungenerous arrogance .
How unimaginative the imperial bureaucracy could be was demonstrated when the Delhi Municipality ' s proposal to give a civic reception to Tagore was vetoed by the Government .
Returning from Delhi Tagore did not sit back and relax , as the Mahatma would have wished him to do .
He continued to preside over public meetings in Calcuttaa much greater strain than watching his own dramas .
After paying a graceful tribute to the Mahatma at a special service held in the Santiniketan Mandir on the occasion of Gandhi ' s birthday on 2 October , he set to work on a new dance - drama based on an earlier poem , " Parisodh " ( Retribution ) , which he renamed Syama ( after the name of the heroine ) .
This was staged in Calcutta later in the month , the author , as usual , present on the stage .
Syama saves his life by persuading one of her many admirers to sacrifice himself in Vajrasen ' s place .
The greatful foreigner gladly turns Syama ' s lover , but when he comes to know of her inhuman conduct by which she procured his freedom he is filled with disgust and shame and leaves her .
The moral law working through him brings the nemesis , the inevitable retribution , to the unfortunate Syama , so devoted to her lover , so guilty to humanity .
It was also the first occasion when the address was delivered in Bengali , and no in English .
Tagore used the occasion for a magnificent plea for the use of the mother tongue as the medium of education .
After two more public addresses of importance , one to the Bengali Literary Conference , the other to the Parliament of Religions held in Calcutta to mark the birth centenary of the Indian saint , Ramakrishna Paramahamsa , Tagore inaugurated at Santiniketan the Cheena Bhavan ( Department of Sino - Indian Studies ) , the first of its kind in India and still a leading centre of Chinese studies in the country .
Tagore had no academic education in science or for that matter in any other discipline .
It incorporates no original research but is with out doubt an original and fascinating exposition for the benefit of Bengali readers of the results of the latest researches in the physical sciences .
Returning from Almora , he addressed a public meeting in Calcutta to protest against the ill - treatment of political prisoners in the Andamans who had gone on a hunger strike .
In September 1937 he composed and directed the production of Varsha - Mangal , a song - and - dance sequel celebrating the rainy season , which was staged in Calcutta , with him seated on the stage .
He loved nature in all its moods , and every Season of the year , including the tropical summer with its extreme heat and terrific dust - storms , had been celebrated by him in poems and songs .
The very first jingle he had learnt as a child was the Bengali nursery rhyme , " The rain patters , the leaf quivers . . . "
The verbal jingle as well as nature ' s jingle as the rain patters and the leaf quivers had never ceased to delight his ear .
The autumn , with its clear , rain - washed sky and stray clouds " floating uselessly " was also a season very dear to him .
But the autumn of 1937 had a grim experience in store for him .
On - the evening of 10 September , as he was seated in his usual chair , he suddenly lost consciousness .
There had been no warning of an impending ailment and no diagnosis of the comatose condition which persisted for fortyeight hours could be had until a team of doctors arrived from Calcutta .
There was no telephone at Santiniketan in those days and it took time before the message for medical aid could reach Calcutta .
Meanwhile the unconscious poet hovered between life and death .
Fortunately he recovered his consciousness and was gradually restored to normal health .
Far from the ravings of a sick mind , there is no hint in them of fear or pain or complaining .
He always responded warmly to feminine solicitude and care , and both at Kalimpong where his daughter - in - law looked after his needs and comfort and at Mungpoo he was relaxed and at ease .
His Mungpoo hostess has recorded with almost Boswellian fidelity his conversations and his light - hearted banter with her and other members of the household , and her memoir which was published later is a charming and unfailing humour and his warm - hearted responses .
Tagore was provoked to reply : " You are building your conception of an Asia which would be raised on a tower of skulls .
I have , as you rightly point out , believed in the message of Asia , but I never dreamt that this message could be identified with deeds which brought exaltation to the heart of Tamerlane at his terrible efficiency in manslaughter . . , The doctrine of ' Asia for Asia ' which you enunciate in your letter , as an instrument of political blackmail has all the virtues of the lesser Europe which I repudiate and nothing of the larger humanity that makes us one across the terriers of political labels and divisions . "
All through 1937 , before and after his encounter with death which was an experience so profoundly traumatic that some of the utterances of that period read as though written in heart ' s blood , he was also painting weird grostesque , mocking or fantastic scenes and figures , and penning humorous and deliciously frivolous verse sparkling with fun and mischief and full of folk rhythms and idiom , which are a delight for young and old , for the simple as much as for the sophisticated .
A series of such volumes were published in 1937 : Khapchhada ( Nonsense Rhymes ) , Chhadar Chhabi ( Pictures in Rhymes ) , and a book of tales and fantasies in prose , named Shey ( He ) all in one year .
Tagore loved to pratde with children and he had a sense of the absurd and the fantastic which was an unfailing source of delight and wonder to die young for whom he wrote a large number of nursery and nonsense rhymes as well as fan tasiesin prose .
One night I dreamt a strange dream . Binu was calling to me , " Wake up . and see what is happening . "
I sat up and saw Calcutta shuffling along with uncertain steps as thousands of beams and rafters knocked against one another .
The brick - built houses marched ahead like rhinos , while doors and windows banged and clanged .
The shops and markets bobbed up and down while roofs hit one another on the head in a drunken orgy .
The Howrah bridge crawled like a giant scorpion and Harrison Road trailed behind .
The Monument reeled , as if a mad elephant was waving its trunk in the air .
Not much was left of the old familiar joy living .
Many of the poems are thus reminiscent , but they are free of morbidity or self - pity of any kind .
He is sipping his morning cup of tea in the month of Chaitra when the mango trees begin to bear fruit .
He sees three unripe mangoes fall down on the ground and his mind flies back to the days of his boyhood when unripe mangoes were " the golden key that opened the door to the secret chamber of daylong joy . "
So he would patiently wait until a strong gust of wind brought the unripe mangoes down .
The first time he took them to her , she said , " Who asked you to bring them ?
Another day , while picking them , he was stung by a bee .
Some " modern intellectual " Bengali critics have found fault with the poet for being so " soft " at his age ; some others equally modern and intellectual have marvelled how the poet could utter such lovely lyrics quivering with youthful longing at such an age .
But even in these moods when the poet has almost deliberately laid aside his role of the prophet or priest or the modern intellectual , and wishes to savour the simple delights of sight and sound and to lose himself in his dreams , he cannot avoid for long the rude knockings of the tempest raging outside .
This mockery he brings out in a dramatic and startling fashion in a poem he wrote in Kalimpong in the summer of 1940 .
It is evening , the wind is low , a hay - stacked bullock - cart is creeping along a deserted field , a young calf trailing behind it .
The first world war of 1914 had caused him great agony and had hustled him in to the public arena to preach the message of peace .
THE year 1940 began auspiciously as well as ominously .
Tagore held a ceremonial reception in their honour in the picturesque mango - grove and paid his homage to one whom he had earlier described as " this great soul in a beggar ' s garb , " and said , " We accept you as our own , as one belonging to all humanity . "
Sir Maurice Gwyer , then Chief Justice of India , Dr Radhakrishnan and Mr Justice Hendersen of the Calcutta High Court represented the Oxford University .
" The University whose representative I am , " said Sir Maurice Gwyer , " has , in honouring you , done honour to itself . "
Twenty - eight years earlier the same University had declined to recognise the Indian poet .
To quote Rothenstein : " Fox - Strangways wanted Oxford or Cambridge to give Tagore an honorary degree .
Lord Curzon , when consulted , said that there were more distinguished men in India than Tagore .
I wonder who they were ; and I regretted that England had left it to a foreign country to make the first emphatic acknowledgement of his contribution to literature . "
Before the year ended three short stories his last contribution to this form were published in a volume entitled Teen Sangi ( The Trio ) .
These stories , " Ravivar " ( Sunday ) , " Sesh Katha " ( Last Word ) and " Laboretori " ( The Laboratory ) , are very different from his earlier ones .
Tagore the perfectionist was never content with perfection if it became static , for then , according to him , it ceased to be perfection .
He knows that man can draw nectar from the crucible of sorrow . To each moment he brings endless value from his unconquerable will .
Man ' s sacrificial offering As health gradually returned , the poet recovered his usual liveliness of mind and his delight in the . little , trivial sights and sounds .
In the early morning of II November , he dictated a charming poem , tender and delightful , addressed to a little sparrow that used to peck at his window , Uien enter , hop about , wag it saucy tail , twitter and " enquire if there is any news . "
I can only know what is being played at the moment , whether the keys are struck in joy or in sorrow , whether the notes are sharp or flat , high - pitched or low , whether the music is in tune or out of tunebut wait , do I really know even that ? "
Fortunately he was not a philosopher and was content to be played upon without breaking his head over the why and how of it .
In fact , he was disconsolate if no music came .
Poetry was his oldest love and whatever his " dates " with other Muses , to this one he constantly came back .
" The joy of writing one poem , " he said in May 1892 , " far exceeds that of writing sheaves and sheaves of prose . . . If I could only write one poem a day . . . " He almost did that .
During the seven years from 1894 to 1900 he published as many major volumes of verse , besides several of drama , stories and other prose writing .
The first of these volumes of poetry is Sonar Tori ( The Golden Boat ) , taking its name from the first poem in the book .
On a rainy day , when the clouds thunder in the sky , the poet is sitting desolate on the edge of his field overlooking . the river .
The golden boat approaches and he dimly recognises the figure at the helm .
Here is mention of the erection and veneration with accompanying ritual of the monuments raised in honour of the dead , for example , the nadukal or ' stone - erection ' . This culture which had its beginnings somewhere in the middle of the first millennium BC , if not earlier , prevailed in the south till the middle of the first millennium AD and continued in some modified or restricted form for centuries thereafter .
THE HYPAETHRAL TEMPLES The worship of trees as the abode of spirits and gods was once very popular .
These spirits were associated with many trees , such as the AI ( banyan ) , Arasu ( pipal ) , Iratti ( zizyphus or the jujube ) , Ilanji , Kadamba , Pala ( jack ) , Vakai ( Albizzia ) , Vanni ( prosopis ) , Velli ( wood - apple ) , Vembu ( neem ) , Vengai ( pterocarpus ) , etc .
The Kadamba tree is said to be the abode of Murugan ( Kartikeya ) , and the AI ( banyan ) that of Siva .
This would appear to be an instance of a tree - temple or vriksha - chaitya that was not particularly Buddhistic .
The Tamil epic Silappadikaram , a work somewhat later in point of time , however , mentions a Podi - manram , or temple of the Bodhi - tree , a vriksha - chaitya of Buddhist affiliations designated as Bodhi - ghara ( Bodhi - griha ) in Buddhist literature .
All these were expedients designed to conserve brick and at the same time enhance the strength and stability of the structure , which was to bear the weight of the immense hemisphere and also of the casing of limestone slabs .
These independent stupas or maha - chaityas contained relic caskets preserving fragmentary portions of the relics of the Buddha , or some other great master , suitably hidden and sealed inside .
In the earlier phase here , as in the stupas at Bhattiprolu , Jaggayyapeta and Garikapadu , the ayaka platform alone came to be more elaborately sculptured in its stone casing as compared to the rest of the drum .
This was consistent with the fact that the ayaka extensions served as altars for placing flowers , lamps and offerings by the devotees .
Even during subsequent renovations the sculptors devoted greater attention to the ayaka platform , as in the case of other stupas elsewhere .
These slabs were morticed between uprights placed at intervals over the outer circumference with a running moulded coping on top .
After this came the last phase of embellishment of the stupa when many of the earlier sculptured casing slabs of the basal parts were reversed and their erstwhile unsculptured inner faces trimmed and covered with some of the finest sculptures .
This was done during the The large maha - chaitya of Nagarjunakonda , built early in Ikshvaku times , belongs to the class of uncased stupas .
Its brickwork has been mostly plastered over , and the anda decorated by an immense garland ornament in stuccco .
But unlike the Amaravati stupa which was built solid , this stupa had a central column with eight radial walls meeting a peripheral circular wall , thus producing the appearance , on plan , of a cart - wheel with its hub , spokes and felly .
It probably also had an outer circular railing .
The ayaka platforms , though generally seen in the stupas of this area , are not noticed in the stupas at Ramatirtham and Salihundam , while they are seen only on one side of the rock - cut stupa at Sankaram .
Likewise in the case of the Buddhist stupas on the east coast , lying between Nagarjunakonda and Amaravati on one side and Salihundam on the other , stupas like those at Sankaram have the ayaka platforms on one of their sides .
It is to be noted in this context , that while the Amaravati stupa revealed below its levels urn - burials , the site of Nagarjunakonda has shown the prevalence of the stupas with almost contemporaneous megalithic monuments .
A stone could be a hero , a warrior , a king , or even an ordinary person .
Women , who immolated themselves on the death of their husbands , at a time when the cult of chastity and faithfulness was spreading fast , were given memorials in the nature of sati stones , later called in inscriptions torn or masatikkal ( maha - sati - kal ) .
These are also common in the Kannada country and across the borders in the peripheral regions of the Tamil country from the fourth century onwards .
This instance of hypaethral temple is represented by a similar ancient construction on the Rangasami peak in the Coimbatore district , with a menheir or upright stone , having a trident or trisula planted in front and surrounded by a rubble wall .
The epic Manimekalai speaks of temples built of brick and having imposing entrances or gopuras .
In the ancient Tamil country of the far south , as its early literature also reveals , various gods are represented as presiding over different tracts of the country , namely , the hilly , the sylvan or pastoral , the riverine or agricultural , the desert or arid zones , and the littoral or seaside .
Such gods were Seyon , Mayon , Vendan , Valiyon , Korravai or Kadukal .
This also coincided with the extent of the political map of the Mauryas , with the extreme south beyond its limits maintaining a strong indigenous core with a viable culture , language and a fast - growing literature under organized kingdoms .
There are several very long and beautiful poems in the book , one on earth , the mother of all life , one on the sea , the first ancestor of this world out of whose lap the earth was born , one on Manas - Sundari , the Beauty behind all beauty , his childhood ' s playmate , his youth ' s dream , and now his very being .
There is a lovely and moving poem entitled , " I will not let you go . "
Only the little daughter sits calmly on the threshold and says as he is about to leave , " I will not letyou go . "
These simple words wrung out of the infant ' s heart sum up for the poet the perennial pathos of life .
Everything goes and amid this unceasing flux of life and matter the eternal cry resounds , " I will not let you go . "
Much as these poems glow with passion , it is passion suffused with thought and subdued by reflection .
This reflective element will from now on be increasingly impressed on his poetry , the passion subdued will be the stronger , the thought subtler .
Sonar Tari was followed by a collection of poems published in 1896 under the title Chitranot to be confused with the name of the English rendering of his drama , Chitrangada .
Many Bengali readers would consider this volume as the finest fruition of Tagore ' s poetical genius .
The cornice moulding ( kapota ) and the clerestory - like griva as well as the blunted ridge of the sikhara shows a backward slope .
The Ter temple now containing a Trivikrama image shows more advanced features .
This mode is called kadalika karana in Indian Silpa parlance .
In these respects , these approximate to the motifs of the sikhara facades of the Visvakarma at Ellora and the Nakula - Sahadeva ratha in Mamallapuram .
Side by side with the predominantly brick - and - timber architecture of early times , there arose a movement at the time of Asoka which resulted in a series of temples and other religious resorts being excavated into living rock .
Both the modes are found developed in the later cave - temples of the Chalukyas , Pallavas , Pandyas , and other contemporary dynasties of the south .
The Buddhist rock architecture of Ellora ( in all twelve excavations ) concentrated at the south end of the hill , as also the excavations at Aurangabad mark the culmination of the series , The Ellora Buddhist group falls into three sub - groups , the earliest being Caves 1 , 2 , 3 and 5 dating from round about the fourth century AD .
Caves 4 and from 6 to 10 are assignable to the sixth - seventh centuries AD .
Caves 11 and 12 , which are unique , belong to the seventh century AD .
In contrast Cave 1 in the first series is simple and perhaps an experimental excavation .
The shrine of Cave 2 has two lateral cells with an ante - chamber or ardha - mandapa .
There are monastic cells on the lateral walls of the mandapa of Cave 3 .
Cave 4 is two - storeyed .
The groundfloor consists of a hall , an ante - chamber and a shrine behind , with additional cells on either side of the shrine and on the lateral walls of the hall .
Cave 8 has again a large hall with three monk - cells on the north wall .
On the north wall of the pradakshina - patha there are monastic cells .
Cave 6 as usual has a verandah and a hall behind , having a lateral hall on the south with six cells .
The central shrine at the rear is flanked on one side by a prajnaparamita and its door - frame is moulded , thus denoting that it is the main shrine .
Cave 9 , strictly speaking , is a long hall or mandapa , with a prominent sculptured facadea poor imitation of Cave 10 .
Cave 10 ( Visvakarma ) is a large chaitya similar to those at Ajanta with pillars and aisles and balconies in front of the arch opening .
The apse consists of a stupa with a shrine of the seated Buddha cut into it , thus indicating the stupa form to be a circular vimana ( Vesara ) with the deity inside .
The drum of the stupa has twelve panels all round , ten of which contain miniature Buddhas .
The arch on the facade is very elaborate and different in design from that found in Ajanta and elsewhere .
Its trefoil arches , and the udgamas and the amalakas , recall similar motifs characteristic of contemporary and later Brahmanical temples in the northern style .
Caves 11 and 12 of the seventh century AD , called Do - tal and Tin - tal , respectively , are perhaps the largest of this class of Buddhist excavation , remarkably original in their plans and storeys , containing interesting iconographic sculptures and architectural embellishments .
A similar rock - cut cave excavation , now called Anantasayanagudi in Undavalli on the south bank of the Krishna , also belongs to this class .
Since then the practice and tradition had been totally given up or forgotten and not attempted in that long interval of rime and space .
The inscription states that " this brickless , timberless , metalless and mortarless abode of Lakshita was caused to be made by King Vichitrachitta for Brahma , Isvara and Vishnu . "
What was even more significant was that it was a departure from the process known till then of excavating into deliberately chosen soft rocks .
This was followed by more cave - temples being excavated by him into the hard rocks of the south .
They are all of a simpler design and less ambitious in size because of the hardness of the new rock material of hitherto unknown potentialities that involved greater labour , invention of new tools and skills in cutting , and longer time to complete .
Thus one may say that the Chalukyas and the Pallavas inaugurated two parallel traditions in the south .
The succeeding dynasties in the Chalukyan region of the Deccan , north Mysore , and coastal Andhra continued the choice and use of soft stone rocks for their cave - temples and later for their structural temples .
The faces of the square sections of the pillars are adorned with large , circular lotus medallions often inscribed inside a square .
Where there are no inner pillars , the differentiation is indicated by the varying floor - levels or ceiling heights .
A flight of about three rock - cut steps from the floor of the mandapa leads to the simple shrine entrance which is cut projecting a little into the mandapa .
The shrine often shows a moulded pedestal , or adhishthana , and the wall is cantoned at its two front corners by four - sided flat pilasters with two more in between , each of the inner pairs flanking the shrine entrance .
The door - frame , if distinct , is again simple and unadorned .
The pilasters carry in some cases distinct capital mouldings and corbels , or potika , on top .
The kapota is adorned by semi - circular kudu ornaments , with a flat shovel - shaped finial above .
The shrine doors are generally guarded by relief sculptures of two armed dvarapalas , or gatekeepers , one on each side .
They do not have in fact any appropriate sculpture of the deity in worship Siva , Vishnu or other gods to whom the temple according to the inscription is known to be dedicated .
Often there are traces of lime plaster with a painting over it on the hind wall indicating that the object of worship was a mural painting of the god .
Sometimes one finds a slight relief of a pedestal cut at the base of the hind wall indicating that the deity was done in stucco , or lime mortar and painted , or was a wooden panel with a carving set into a sunk chase on the wall .
These Mahendra temples are noted also for the absence of other kinds of sculpture even in the mandapa part , except those of the dvarapalas .
In the case of the Vishnu cave at Mamandur and the cave - temple at Pallavaram , there are dvarapalas neither on the flanks of mandapa facade nor on the flanks of the shrine - cells .
The dvarapalas either face full - front or are in semi - profile or half - turned towards the shrine door and stand resting on a massive club entwined by a serpent .
In Siyamangalam the two outer dvampalas are , however , depicted as warriors inside separate niches at either end of the mandapa facade , while the two flanking the shrine entrance are of the usual form .
The Tiruchirapalli upper rock - cut cave - temple of Lalitankura is unique in that it has a large group sculpture forming a panel on the western wall of the mandapa directly opposite the shrine and depicting Siva as Gangadhara .
Its back wall has two moreone on either side of the projected shrine entrance , carrying panels of Gajalakshmi and Durga .
The manner in which the boar - head of Bhu - Varaha merges at the neck imperceptibly with the human body is a masterpiece of art not equalled by similar representation in the Gupta and other sculptures .
The central shrine is now empty , butperhaps once contained painted or stucco representation of Narasimha .
Almost identical , but more artistic and graceful delineations of Gajalakshmi and Durga are reproduced in almost the same positions on the rear wall panels on either side of the projected shrine entrance in the Adivaraha cave - temple .
In addition , the front wall of the projected central shrine of the Adivaraha cave - temple has three niches , each on either side of the entrance containing other sculptures .
The niches flanking the entrance contain dvarapalas .
The extreme ones on the north and south show a Nagaraja or Adisesha in human form with the five - headed serpent - hood and a portrait sculpture in graceful tribhanga posture .
The south and north walls of the mukha - mandapa contain large reliefs of standing Brahma , and Siva as Gangadhara .
Similar panels on the south and north walls of the ardha - mandapa have almost life - size royal portrait groups of the Pallava kings , Simhavishnu and Mahendra with their queens and consorts and with label inscriptions over them indicating their identity .
The main sanctum contains a modern stucco form of Varaha murti .
This temple is in use for worship while others are not .
The bas - relief sculptures of Durga on the south and Gajalakshmi on the north side walls of the Ramanuja mandapam have been totally chiselled off in later times by the Vaishnava occupants as also the three shrine fronts and their dvarapalas of this original triple - celled Siva cave - temple .
The back wall of the central shrine retains traces of a Somaskanda group .
The Mahishamardini cave - temple contains on the two side walls of its mandapa two of the most celebrated and famous Pallava sculptures , namely , Durga as Mahishasuramardini , mounted on a leaping lion and battling with Mahishasura and his hordes on the north , and Vishnu as Anantasayin in yoga - nidra , or contemplative sleep , on a serpent - couch on the south .
Besides the beauty , grace , vigour and agility depicted in Durga , the clever synthesis of the buffalo - head and human body of the demon Mahishasura would equal only that of the Varaha form mentioned above , not to speak of the defiance and haughtiness depicted by his stance and demeanour even in the animal face .
All these sculptures would thus constitute some of the earliest extant representations of the respective forms and as such afford valuable material for a study of the development Recent research ( by Lockwood , Siromoney and Dayanandan Mahabalipuram Studies ) has established that the dvarapalas of the Pallava cave - temples , Saivite and Vaishnavite , are really ayudapurushas , or deified personifications of the appropriate weapons of Siva ( sula and parasu , i . e . trident and axe ) or of Vishnu ( sanka and chakra , i . e . conch and discus ) , which are shown on the headgear of the concerned dvarapala .
Also it has been demonstrated that the original dedication of the Mahishamardini cave - temple was to Vishnu , subsequently made Saivite in the same century by the introduction of the large Somaskanda panel , on the lined wall of the shrine , in place of the original Vishnu that was perhaps a painted stucco .
Appropriately enough the two dvarapalas wedged in a curious manner into the narrow spaces on either side of the shrine ' s door - jamb , were afterthoughts likewise , modified for the Saivite re - dedication as also the two flanking shrine - cells on either side in the trimurti pattern , Vishnu occupying the place of precedence in the central cella in the original scheme .
Though not strictly cave - temples like his Atiranachanda mandapam , other creations of Rajasimha Pallava ( 700 - 728 ) in the series of rock - carvings found in Mahabalipuram and neighbourhood are the Yali mandapam at Saluvankuppam , a hamlet to the north of Mahabalipuram , familiarly called ' tiger cave ' , and similar ornamental pavilions .
The whole structure is surrounded by an arched frieze of eleven large vyala heads mistakenly called ' tiger heads ' .
To the south of the pavilion , and carved on the rock face , are reliefs of two elephant fronts with hozvdahs over their necks , a dvajastambha in between , and horse at the south extreme .
The northern face of the rock is roughly carved out into a large squatting lion - front with a small square niche cut into in its bosom , enshrining a relief panel of Mahishamardini .
The Yali mandapam obviously served as resting - place of the processional idols or the royalty during festivals .
This , even the name of the place Tiruveluchchiyur found in the inscriptions , would suggest .
A smaller replica of the Yali mandapam is found on the surf - beaten boulder to the south of the Shore temple in Mahabalipuram .
To the north of the temple is another larger rock called the Mahishamardini rock with a large lion face and Durga niche in its bosom .
In passing , mention may be made of the two celebrated open - air bas - relief compositions of large group sculpturss on the face of the massive rocks in Mahabalipuram .
They are Arjuna ' s penance and the Govardhana - Krishna scenes .
Tell them to raise high their heads and stand united , and assure them : " They whom you fear are more scared than you terrified of their sins . "
The heroic impulse vented itself in occasional spurts and though he anticipated the Mahatma not only in his ideals but in his programme of work , he could not be single - minded .
For in the very next poem , written a few days later , he is haunted by memories of the old days , of the champaks and the jasmins that grew round the terrace of his sister - in - law ' s ap ' artment .
" How sweet it was when she gave those flowers with her hand !
" In another he regrets that he could achieve nothing .
" The vina was in my hand , the music was in my mindwho knew that half way through the music , the string would break ! "
In the comparatively fewer Vishnu cave - temples dedicated solely as such and in the Vishnu shrines of other cave - temples , the standing , seated and , more often , reclining forms are met with as the main sculptures .
The standing form occurs in the Vishnu shrine of the Tiruchirapalli lower cave - temple , the sitting form in the Vishnu shrine of the larger Tirup - parankunram cave - temple , and reclining form in the Vishnu cave - temples at Tirumayam , Malai - yadippatti and Tiruttangal ( Ramanathapuram district ) , and in the eastern or The Malai - yakkovil Siva temple at Kudumiyamalai , the Satyagirisvara or Siva cave - temple at Tirumayam , the upper Siva cave - shrine in the same place , the Gokarnesvara cave - temple at Tirugokarnam and the eastern cave - shrine at Malai - yakkovil are associated with inscriptions on musical notations in what is called the Pallava - grantha script as also colophons in the old Tamil script , as indicated by the label parivadini - e inscribed on them .
While the actual notations , or remnants of them , are to be seen in the first two cases , they have disappeared in the rest .
The extant colophons indicate that the art of the parivadini ( a stringed lute ) called Vidya - parivadini was enunciated by a Gunasena , and the notations were got inscribed for the benefit of the votaries by a king who was a great Saiva or Paramamahesvara , and a disciple of Rudracharya .
While the Satyagirisvara cave - temple at Tirumayam is thus connected by the presence of the musical inscriptions with the others above , it has besides , as one of its dvarapalas flanking the shrine entrance , a portrait sculpture of a king or chieftain which is found also in the cave - temples at Kunnandarkovil and Devarmalai within 48 km from it in the same district ( Pudukkottai ) .
What is more , it is also found in the Siva cave - temple at Virasikhamani in the far southern Tirunelveli district and in the cave - temple at Kaviyur , near Quilon in Kerala .
These would indicate a similarity of origin , namely , Pandya , and a proximity of date .
The cave - temple at Tirunandikkara with a south - facing mandapa facade and an east - facing shrine inside on the western wall of the mandapa is celebrated for the remains of ancient fresco paintings of the same period as Sittannavasal and Tirumalapuram of Pandya vintage .
The Siva cave - temple called Vagisvaram at Malai - yadippatti was excavated by Vidalvidugu Muttaraiyar in the sixteenth year of Pallava Dantivarman .
The adjoining Vishnu cave - temple of a later date was also perhaps a Muttaraiyar excavation .
These are examples of typical cave - temple pattern with cell and front mandapa .
Likewise there are those at Kallil , Trikkur , Kottukkal , Ailurpara , Tuvarangadu and Bhutapandi , the last two to the south of Vizhinam , near Kanyakumari .
The Trikkur cave - temple , for example , has a north - facing facade with the only opening on that side ; the corbels are of the double - volute type as in the Chalukyan style and the deity inside the shrine faces east as indicated by the water - spout of the linga - pitha projected on the north .
The dvarapalas are cut almost in the round - out of the side walls on the eastern and western sides , a little behind the median east - west axial line .
The linga - pitha is often a structural addition , though monolithic examples cut out of the same rock as the cave itself are known .
We have square sockets on the floor into which the square - sectioned lower part , or brahmabhaga , of the linga is inserted , and the pitha assembled round its exposed base , as is found to be the case in the Pallava cave - temples , a feature starting from about AD 700 .
In Ailurpara and Bhutapandi , the linga is an integral part of the cave and is rock - cut as in the Pandya - Muttaraiyar examples .
The placement of Hanuman as one of the two dvampalas in the cave - temple at Kottukkal recalls the similar feature found in the Pandya cave - temple at Kunnattur , near Madurai .
He naturalised this form in Bengali and achieved amazing results with it .
As in the case of Chitrangada , Tagore takes a simple anecdote , in this instance a mythological one , from the Mahabharata and turns it into a conflict of high psychological significance between devotion to knowledge ( or duty ) and the claim of love .
Sukra , the teacher of the titans , knew the secret of immortality and could restore the dead to life .
The gods , anxious to learn the secret , send Kacha , the young son of their teacher , to Sukra to be his pupil .
Seeing the handsome Brahmin , Sukra ' s daughter Devayani falls in love with him and persuades her fond father to accept Kacha as his pupil .
Having completed his course of study and learnt the art of reviving the dead , Kacha comes to Devayani to bid her farewell .
This is the starting point of this short drama which consists entirely the dialogue between the two .
" So you ' ve at last attained , " says Devayani , " what you had hardly hoped for .
The knowledge coveted by the gods is now yours .
In most cases there is a general provision for a stone image or symbol ( linga ) of the principal deity in worship in the sanctum , a thing which did not appear in the Pallava examples till the last quarter of the seventh - century , though it occurs in the Pandyan examples where too , in the earliest cases , the preference was for a stone - imageless sanctum .
The sanctum had a stucco panel or painting or a stone sculpture as a bas - relief on the rear wall , rather than on the floor at its centre .
In the earliest examples of the cave - temples as at Badami , the sanctum , or garbha - griha , is relatively small and just enough for the pitha of the linga in the Siva cave - temples , and the image in others .
The pitha in all cases is also rock - cut , or monolithic , and not a separate installation , and often the linga too is monolithic and of live rock .
The invariably square linga - pitha has a projecting spout on its top to drain off the abhisheka water , and a cistern is cut into the rock floor below it to collect the same .
This is found again only in the Pandyan cave - temples of the farthest south , and not at all in the intervening Pallava cave - temples , or in the cave - temples of the north .
As stated earlier , the cisterns on the floor of the sanctum are also found in the stone temples of the Dieng Valley in far - off Java ( Indonesia ) .
The spout projects invariably northwards irrespective of the direction of the sanctum .
In cases where the sanctum itself faces north , the alternate Agamic injunction that it should be on the proper left is adhered to .
As he watched the clouds thicken in the sky , he was reminded of his predecessor Kalidasa who on such aday as this had written his great poem which has made immortal the love of all lovers throughout the ages whom distance has parted from their sweethearts .
The poem is a new Meghaduta in honour of the old and shows that Rabindranath was now confident enough of his genius to claim kinshipwith the greatest classical poet of his country - like Dante paying homage to Virgil .
In Santiniketan too he wrote another magnificent poem addressed to Ahalya , the legendary victim of divine intrigue who had been turned into stone by her husband ' s curse .
What did you feel , Ahalya , asks the poet , when you lay locked up in that hidden chamber where the mother - earth dwells beneath the painted , multi - coloured platform ?
Did you share the vast dumb love the earth feels for her children , the patience and pain of the silent nourisher of mankind ?
Did you share the sleepless vigil of the great mother , anguished at the noise and turbulence , the clamours and cries of her unruly children ?
It is compact and has a terminal Nandi pavilion and contains a very rich grouping of sculptures of great icono - graphic value .
The Ganeshlena constitutes over a score of cave - temples forming a group collectively numbered as Cave 21 .
Each unit consists of a mandapa having simple pillars and pilasters of square section with corbels of the Chalukyan type on the facade , and the shrine chamber at the rear .
The rear wall of the shrine has a relief of Mahesamurti .
In most cases there is a linga inserted into a monolithic circular pitha on the floor , and in one case there is a rock - cut linga as well .
These may be placed just about AD 750 , in the early years of the Rashtrakuta rule in Ellora .
The Mahesamurti reliefs here are quite different in treatment and finish from the celebrated one at Elephanta and , unlike Elephanta , they are placed on the wall behind the Rashtrakuta linga in the main shrine .
In the earlier Western Chalukyan caves as at Badami , Vishnu and Siva sculptures occur indiscriminately , while in the later ones they are well - nigh separated .
The former type of caves show among the female deities only Durga , while the latter have the Saptamatrikas , Sarasvati , Gajalakshmi and Parvati .
The latter category is also to be found in the Rashtrakuta caves along with a relapse to the admixture of Vaishnavite carvings , though to a lesser extent . While the Western Chalukyan sculpture is noted for clarity in form , pose and expression , the Rashtrakuta phase is characterized by crowded ornamentation with less emphasis on pose and expression and , what is more , a tendency to depict Puranic episodes , either in a synoptic or narrative form .
The profusion of such didactic depictions compensates richly for the diminution of the aesthetic trends of the earlier phase .
While the Western Chalukyan linga - pithas are mostly square , the Rashtrakuta linga - pithas , as in Ellora Caves 15 and 16 , and the Ganeshlena caves are circular .
They are monolithic and form part of the live rock of the excavation .
The Chalukya - Rashtrakuta lingas are of a different type .
It is only in the monolithic linga - pitha and linga of the Pandyan temples that we find square , circular , and even octagonal linga - pithas .
Here memory broods and pines in the deserted nook of departed joy .
Go and waste no more of your time here . "
Kacha tries to pacify and assure her that the happy memories of the days spent in the hermitage would always haunt him .
The reminiscences are exchanged and she archly reminds him of how , but for her intervention , her father would never have consented to teach the son of a rival race .
Kacha acknowledges the debt but she is not content with gratitude , and with subtle feminine suggestions forces him to admit that he loves her and recalls how he used to go out of his way , even neglecting his studies , to woo and win her .
" What made you fetch water for me while I tended the flowerbeds and why need you have played truant from your studies to pet my little deer ?
And why did you have to sit on the grass beside me , singing songs learnt in paradise , while darkness hung over the hushed bank of the river , like eyelids drooping on languorous eyes ?
If knowledge it was you were after , why need you have ensnared in your coils this simple - hearted maiden ?
Or was it all a well - planned strategy to win access to my father ' s favour ? "
As an alternative , sufficient rock material was left uncarved initially at the top , to be finished into the stupi at the end of the work .
The carving of these monolith vimanas , all confined to Mahabalipuram , seems to have continued for at least two generations after Mamalla , that is , till about AD 700 when , perhaps , sculptures in bas - relief of the principal deities were carved in the sanctuaries of two of these vimanasthe Draupadi ratha and the top storey of the Dharmaraja ratha .
The earlier practice was to have painted stucco forms of the principal deity inside the sanctum .
THE VIMANA TEMPLE Since the vimana form is the most characteristic and distinctive feature of the southern temple as opposed to the characteristic prasada temple of north and central India , it would be useful in this context to define it briefly and understand its general features , as also the variations of its form , plan and rise .
Such a general understanding of the fundamentals of the southern vimana temple would be necessary , for it may not be practicable to describe in detail the temples that follow in the sequel , except The term vimana , according to all the early and most of the later Silpa and Agama works , as also many contemporary inscriptions , would denote the entire edifice from the upana or lowermost moulding of the adhishthana , or pedestal , to the stupi , or the topmost finial .
It is not the superstructure over the sanctum alone , as is often assumed by many writers and in a few later texts .
It has often a small vestibule in front called the ardha - mandapa or antarala , standing on the same basement , or adhishthana .
The earliest examples of the southern temple were of the unitary type consisting of the vimana , single or multi - storeyed , with its ardha - mandapa surrounded by the enclosure wall , the prakara .
Subsequently , a stage came when a simple maha - mandapa was added in front of the ardha - mandapa and was well integrated with the main parts , the whole often surrounded by an enclosure wall , the prakara .
The one which is circular , ellipsoidal or apsidal from base to top , or has such a plan in its griva and sikhara , is Vesara .
While generally the uniform square or oblong plan is met with making up a pure form of Nagam , in many cases the griva and sikhara may assume the octagonal , or circular , or apsidal plan over a square body constituted by the aditala , or the series of talas in simple or multi - storeyed examples .
Likewise , the oblong body may carry an elliptical griva and sikhara , which would make the vimana Vesara again .
Thus , more than the shape of the basal parts or body , it is the plan of the griva sikhara components that really matters in this type of classification .
The square , circular , hexagonal or octagonal structure which has a sikhara that is domical and ends up in a single finial , or stupi , is called kuta vimana with kuta sikhara .
The oblong and ellipsoidal body structures with a wagon - top , vault - like or inverted boat - like roof , or sikhara with a row of stupis on top along the ridge , are known as sala vimana , or koshtha , or sabha forms .
The chapa , or apsidal structure which has an apsidal roof and a series of finials along the horizontal part is generally called the hastiprishtha , or gajaprishtha , since it resembles the hind view of a standing elephant .
It comes in the category of panjaras or nidas ,
The hara , or string of diminutive shrines on top of the talas of multi - storeyed vimanas , is composed of these three classes of shrine forms the miniature kuta , sala ( or koshtha ) , and panjara ( or nida ) .
These harantara cloister lengths have lateral bay window - like projections , with a lower rectangular component or window proper , projected from the wall of the cloister , and an arched dormer , the upper component , projected from the coping roof of the harantara cloister .
Though the rudiments of the plan of the mandapa are to be seen in the rock - cut caves and in the remains from Nagarjunakonda , their patterns became more distinct in the stone - and - brick temples of the seventh century onwards .
In the Chalukya - Rashtrakuta series in the Deccan and in those that took after them and succeeded them , the mandapa is of two patterns .
In the second pattern the mandapa is essentially square , being elaborated all round concentrically by the addition of peripheral rings of the same short , squat pillars as the central ones .
With four central pillars standing on the corners of a central square and twelve peripheral pillars or pilasters set up at equal distances , in axial transverse and diagonal alignment with the central ones , a system of eight bays surrounding the central bay ( making in all nine bays ) would result in the mandapa becoming a navaranga .
The addition of twenty more pillars as a still outer ring in alignment with the inner ones and at the corners would correspondingly increase the number of bays to twenty - five and make the mandapa a larger square .
The Pallava - Pandya series of temples , and what followed them in material , technique and tradition in the succeeding periods in the farther south , elaborated the shape from the square to the oblong by emphasizing linear rows of taller pillars with wider spans .
All this resulted in such multi - pillared mandapas as the hundred - or thousand - pillared halls .
Till about the commencement of the eleventh century , the gopuras , or storeyed gateways , piercing the protective prakara , or enclosure wall , characteristic of the southern temples , were built comparatively smaller than the vimana .
They are essentially oblong on plan , transversely linear , with the entrance running through at the middle , and , with a single simple or storeyed superstructure , terminated by a sala sikhara with a row of stupis .
The talachchanda , or system of storeys , with hara components at each level , is much akin to that of the oblong or ayatasra vimana .
Such pioneering work of making cut - out vimana temples was inaugurated : by Mamalla Narasimhavarman II ( 630 - 668 ) , and the monoliths were taken to different degrees of finish .
New ones were created by his successors , Mahendravarman II ( 668 - 672 ) and Paramesvai avarman I ( 672 - 700 ) , and also perhaps by Rajasimha ( 700 - 728 ) in his early years before he started the vogue of constructing structural temples .
It will be useful to consider along with these the eight miniature bas - relief representations of vimanas found in the same place , as also the full - scale example of the trimurti cave - temple facade , since they taken together would illustrate various forms of the southern vimanas .
Thus these stone replicas would afford a good starting point for the study of the south Indian temple architecture .
More so because these faithfully reproduce in stone not only the various forms in general , but also the individual parts , even to the minutest detail , of timbering , fastening , metal work and decorative design appropriate to the various forms of the brick - and - timber originals .
The bas - relief miniatures found in the famous Arjuna ' s penance scene in Mahabalipuram is a typical replica of an ekatala alpa vimana with all the six angas or parts , viz . the adhishthana ( moulded base ) , pada , or bhitti ( pillars or walls ) , prastara ( entablature with kapota or cornice ) , griva ( neck or clerestory ) , sikhara ( roof ) , and stupi ( finial ) .
Being four - sided and square from base to finial , it belongs to the Nagara class and is dedicated to Vishnu , who is shown in relief as standing inside the cella .
The reproduction of the parts of the wooden original is quite obvious .
As in all the above cases , the hara is extended over the mandapa .
The Dharmaraja ratha is three - storeyed , square in its tolas and octagonal in the griva sikhara region ; but all the three storeys are intended to be functional .
Thus the vimana is designed to have three superposed garbha - grihas , as against the non - functional but symbolic upper talas in the other rathas and most of the later structural examples .
This is achieved by a cellular mode of construction with three concentric walled squares of increasing height , rising one inside the other to the successive heights of the respective ialas , thus leaving interspaces in between .
The outermost wall rising to the height of the aditala prastara is , however , present in sections only round the four corners , the intervening open sides having each a facade of two pillars and two pilasters , all vyala - based .
The small mukha - mandapa on the west in front of the aditala carries a ham which in its composition includes for the first time the apsidal nida or panjam along with the kutas and salas .
The octagonal griva sikhara region has four projected nasikas on the four cardinal sides .
While the lower talas remain unfinished but for their exterior , the topmost tala has a sanctum excavated into it that enshrines a Sornaskanda form of Siva , with Vishnu and Brahma in attendance carved on its rear wall .
The maha - mandapa is cantoned at its two rear corners by dvitala vimanas of the kuta - type , and has three projected porch - openings on the middle of its south , west and north sides , which are superposed by larger and more raised solas to simulate gopuram - like entrances .
The top of the mandapa is more or less flat with a large multi - petalled lotus surrounding the base of the finial cut over its centre .
Behind the maha - mandapa and the antarala stands the principal vimana , its moulded square adhishthana of lesser sides than those of the platform below , occupying the centre of the upa - pitha , while five detached sub - shrines are cut at intervals over the edge of the platform .
The three lesser vimanas on the three cardinal sides of the upa - pitha are dvitala sala vimanas , while the two at the rear corners are tritala kuta vimanas .
These five together with the . two dummy dvitala kuta vimanas embracing the hind corners of the maha - mandapa , and the Nandi shrine in front , would complete the full complement of the ashta parivara or shrines of the eight subsidiary deities round the principal vimana , a concept already evolved in the structural temples of the far south .
The principal vimana is four - storeyed ( chatushtala ) .
The lowermost tola of the superstructure over the aditala with sanctum is projected in front over the antarala to form a gable - like projection called sukanasika , a characteristic of the southern temples of the Chalukyan series as well as of all their northern prasada temples .
Though the talas are square , the griva and sikhara are octagonal , making the vimana conform to the Dravida class of the mixed type .
The stupi , now missing , was not part of the monolith .
The walls are plain , the pilasters simple , crudely shaped and devoid of vyala bases .
It contains a Somaskanda relief as the main deity on the The Kailasanatha complex at Kanchi is a joint venture of Rajasimha and his son Mahendra III .
The main vimana , Rajasimhesvara ( now called Kailasanatha ) facing east is four - storeyed , and is essentially a square structure up to the griva , which and the sikhara above are octagonal .
The aditala is double - walled and its moulded base is prominently offset on all the four sides and four corners for they carry over them smaller shrines with cella in them , abutting on and incorporated with the outer wall of the main aditala .
While the adhishthana offsets at the four corners are square and carry smaller two - storeyed vimanas of square plan with four - sided kuta sikhams , those on the four sides are oblong and carry smaller dvitala vimanas of the oblong plan , with sala sikharas on the south , west and north .
The corresponding one on the east is also oblong with the sala superstructure having a passage through in place of a cella and functioning as the antarala passage to the main sanctum .
The kuta and sala sikharas of the abutting shrines are cleverly incorporated into the hara scheme over the prastara of the outer wall of the aditala as in Panamalai .
The cells of these abutting vimanas in their ground storeys enshrine forms of Siva .
The abutting vimanas on the south - east , south , north and north - east face east like the main sanctum , while those on the south - west , west and north - west face west .
The temple saw bad times again subsequently till it became a protected monument and came to be attended to .
Thus the Panamalai temple painted fragment , mentioned earlier , would alone be the earliest Pallava painting extant as found so far .
It has a square four - storeyed main vimana with all the talas except the topmost , containing the superposed garbha - griha , to enshrine the three forms of Vishnu , standing ( sthanaka ) , sitting ( asana ) , and reclining ( sayana ) .
The triple storey has been achieved by a system of three concentric walls forming three concentric squares , one inside the other with ambulatory passages in between in the sandhara mode .
The aditala has thus its sanctum surrounded by two covered circumambulatory passages , the outer one functioning as such while the inner one provides access to the second tala .
The open outer ambulatory of the second tala is surrounded by the parapet on top of the outermost wall formed by a hara of kutas , salas and panjaras ; the inner covered ambulatory lies at the heads of the two flight of steps from below .
The kutas , salas and panjaras of each tier crown the correspondingly relieved bays and recesses of the walls .
The fourth tala , which is a smaller square , is closed on all sides and carries the octagonal griva and sikhara with a metal stupi on top , and four lions originally ( now replaced by garuda figures ; in stucco ) at its four corners .
The central bays of the aditala outer wall have small door - openings , while the lateral ones have devakoshthas with figure sculpture , the intermediate recesses having perforated windows .
The bays and recesses of the upper tala outer walls have similar sculpture , all Vaishnavite .
The lowermost storey and the ardha - mandapa in front are surrounded by an open narrow circuit at the level of the base of the adhishthana .
The whole is again surrounded by a pillared cloister running all round on a raised platform with vyala - based pillars on the edge facing the central edifice and a wall on the outer edge that carries on its top a string of kutas and salas , at a level slightly lower than that of the aditala .
This arrangement when viewed from outside would simulate a pancha - tala appearance , as in the case of the Shore temple described earlier .
In addition to the numerous divine sculptures on the vimana and ardha - mandapa and contemporary inscriptions , the most interesting part of this temple would be a series of panelled sculptures narrating the history of the Pallavas from their legendary ancestors down to the time of Nandivarman II Pallavamalla , the builder of the templea unique feature rarely met with elsewhere .
The other temples of this period to be found in Kanchi , though smaller in proportions , are interesting for their architecture and iconography .
They are the Muktesvara , Matangesvara , Airavatesvara , Valisvara , Iravatanesvara and Piravatanesvara temples , built mainly of sandstone with granite slabs forming the base and top of the adhishthana , and the upa - pitha platform below it in cases where it is added to raise the stature of the edifice .
The superstructure of the Airavatesvara is lost .
The Kailasanatha at Tiruppattur ( Tiruchirapalli district ) is a larger vimana in sandstone and is much like the Kailasanatha of Kanchi .
It is of the late eighth century and is an example of the provincial variety of the Pallava vimana .
But soon after the middle of the long reign of Nandivarman II Pallava , in the later part of the eighth century , temples came to be built entirely of granite blocks , cut , moulded , carved and sculptured , as seen in some of the smaller temples and in the granite adhishthanas of the large brick temples of Vaikunthaperumal and Sundaravaradaperumal at Uttiramerur ( Chingelput district ) of the time of his successor , Dantivarman .
The extant three - storeyed brick structure of Sundaravaradaperumal over its stone adhishthana is unique again in having all the three storeys functional with the cellas dedicated to the standing , seated and reclining forms of Vishnu , while the abutting smaller shrines on the three sides of its two lower talas south , west and north , contain the six other principal forms of VishnuSatya , Achyuta , Anirudha , Naranarayana , Narasimha , and Varshathus incorporating the nine forms or navamurtis in accordance with the Vaikhanasa Agama .
These two temples and the large and fine renovated brick temple at Tiruvadigai ( South Arcot district ) on a stone adhishthana corroborate the fact that brick and timber continued to remain in use in spite of the advent of stone , and skills in their use in large constructions were fostered and maintained .
The ruined softstone - built temples at Hemavati ( Anantapur district ) , noted for their fine sculpture , are examples of pure Nolamba architecture and art .
THE CHALUKYA - RASHTRAKUTA SERIES The structural experiments of the early Chalukyas are found confined to their capital Vatapi ( Badami ) , the adjacent Mahakutesvar , and the twin mercantile cities of Aihole and Pattadkal ( all in Bijapur district ) .
In all of them the native soft sandstone of fine grain and quality which was most easily tractable has been used .
Before considering the well - known and typical vimana and prasada forms of temples of this series , it would be good to consider briefly the few mandapa - type temples that came early in the series and were made after the early cave - temple model .
The two temples of the Jyotirlinga group are hardly more than mere mandapas with closed walls and flat terrace - tops , with an outer Nandi - mandapa of a similar size .
The Ladkhan is a ponderous construction , essentially a large mandapa standing on a moulded adhishthana with four central pillars , surrounded by two concentric rows of successively lesser height , so that the flat roof over the centre is a raised clerestory , with the slab roofs sloping down on all the four sides over the outer rings of the shorter pillars .
The central bay at the rear end with a slopy roof is converted into a shrine chamber with a plinth and slab walls .
Over the central clerestory has been constructed an upper cell of heavy slabs with flat roof .
The inscription of AD 634 may not relate to the stone structure of Meguti as has come down to us , but to an earlier structure , perhaps of brickwork , to which the inscribed stone stele was attached , or , in front of which it stood .
For , judging by the components of the adhishthana and the wall pilasters and their developed mouldings one can only attribute them , on comparison with what obtains in other cases in Aihole , Pattadkal and Badami , to a date posterior to the first half the seventh century .
A parallel case will be that of the extant Mahakutesvar temple , Mahakuta , which , as a wholly stone - built structure , can only be posterior to the date of the free - standing Mahakuta pillar , or one that at best could have gone into the composition of a mandapa and not of a vimana .
The present stone temple , of a later date than the pillar , could have replaced an earlier brick structure that had the inscribed pillar in front of it .
The shrine located in the central bay had a raised roof and slopy side roofs all round The central shrine was often of the chaturmukha type as at the chaturmukha Jain temple at Karkala For other temples of such derivation , one has only to look at the many examples found in the region between Goa and Mangalore , if not further south , exemplified by the Ketapi Narayana temple at Bhatkal , or the Vaital temple at Ken in Goa .
Coming to the typical vimana temples of the Chalukyas of Badami , we find that the earliest essays were confined to the outskirts of the capital Badami and adjoining Mahakutesvar .
The external wall as also the adhishthana below are relieved on the centre of each side into bays with devakoshthas The recesses on each side are provided with perforated windows set inside a frame of lateral pilasters and a top cornice or kapota of a prastara carrying miniature shrine elements as found in the hara of either the southern vimana type or they are of the northern prasada type , a rather advanced feature as again found in the devakoshthas of the Durga temple at Aihole .
The Mallikarjuna has a circular griva and sikhara over - topping the square talas , and is hence of the Vesara order .
The Sangamesvara vimana , which is tritala , has a double - walled sandhara aditala , with the outer - wall extended forward to form the ardha - mandapa over the similarly extended adhishthana and widening beyond to form the closed maha - mandapa with four rows of five pillars each inside .
An open - pillared porch is attached to the middle of the northern side of the maha - mandapa .
The exterior of this wall relieved and recessed alternately has a series of devakoshthas in the bays containing sculptures of deities of varied iconography .
The prastara over this outer wall of the vimana and its forward mandapa wall extension carries a hara of karnakutas and salas corresponding to the relieved bays below .
Over them the hara part carries incipient panjaras , perhaps the first appearance of this third characteristic member in the vimanas of the Chalukyas and their derivatives .
The second tala too , which is an upward projection of the inner wall of the aditala , carries a hara of four karnakutas and four salas , while the third tala has four salas only on the cardinal sides , coming in front of the nasika projections of the griva and sikhara region .
The chapa ends of the inner wall of the aditala are turned in to form the narrow front entrance of the antamla - mandapa .
The agra - mandapa has four pillars set on the edge of the forward end of the adhishthana with a raised clerestory roof in continuation of the one at its rear .
The aisles of the antarala are continuous with the inner circumambu - latory between the two walls round the sanctum .
Its original dedication is uncertain .
The name Durga for the temple is misleading since it was evidently not dedicated to that goddess .
If the incongruous superstructure of the northern pmsada - type is not original , the sanctum might have been either flat - roofed or might have had an apsidal roof of the pattern of Ter and Chejerla apsidal temples .
It is essentially a three - storeyed sandhara vimana , square on plan from its base to sikhara , the two lower storeys being functional .
The kudu motifs on the cornice or kapota tier of the adhishthana have lost their original nasika shape and have become flat triangular reliefs , precursors of the dentil reliefs of the later Chalukyan and Hoysala temples .
Some of them relate to the dedication of metal images of various deities with details of their forms and appearances , their measurements and weights .
Others describe the various ornaments , with details of weights of gold and gems , their variety and quality , the manner of their setting , the weight of lac and the strings used .
The measurements of lands endowed are given to the fraction of units .
All these would only show how meticulous the emperor was in matters relating to his great temple .
All these are later additions to this complex , the last one pertaining to the Nayaka period .
This magnum opus of the Cholas started in 1003 , and still incomplete in a few of its details , was closely followed , within about twenty years , by another magnificent Chola structure , also called the Brihadisvara , built almost on the same plan and design by Rajendra I Chola ( 1012 - 1014 ) , the great son and worthy successor of Rajaraja .
The venue of this great temple was chosen in the newly found capital of Gangaikondacholapuram ( Tiruchirapalli district ) , so named after the title of the king , signifying his conquests and successful expedition up to the Ganga .
This temple complex had only two entrances , a gopura ( now shattered ) on the east and a plain double - storeyed torana gate on the north .
While a great part of the stone enclosure wall , gopura , two - storeyed malika , and sub - shrines and mandapas were blasted and pulled down in the last century to supply stones for constructing a river dam in the neighbourhood , the main vimma and its axial mandapa , and two or three lesser vimana units in the court have fortunately been spared and are even now almost intact .
The vimana is of a lesser height and smaller dimensions than its predecessor and model at Thanjavur , but the sculpture on the wall niches , bold and almost cut - out in the round , is perhaps of greater excellence .
This temple too is a veritable museum of sculptures of varied iconography that include some fine dance poses .
Of the coeval main gopuras , the inner one in front and the rear ones are ruined on top , and the taller outer - front gopura has the characteristic squat shape of the period .
The series of temples of this later Chola and later Pandya periods , terminated by the disruption brought about by the brief Muslim invasion and revival under the Vijayanagar empire of the south , often revert to the system of brick - building for the super - structural talas over the stone body of the vimanas and gopuras , the mandapas alone being wholly of stone .
For example , there is a Visalakshi temple built by the Tamils for the consort of Lord Visvesvara at Kasi - Varanasi .
These also came to be built in the precincts of , or adjoining to , earlier built temples that originally did not possess them , as , for example , the Thanjavur Brihadisvara .
Assigned a definite location in the complex , it is a separate vimana with a sala sikhara dedicated to devi as the divine consort of the presiding deity in the main vimana , receiving equal importance in the rituals of worship and in the festivals .
The temples built by or under the patronage of the Hoysalas in south Deccan and Mysore are of the very tractable , dense and fine - grained , soft chloritic schist or talc which permits fine and minute carving .
The temple unit in general consists of a vimana connected by its short antarala to a closed navaranga which may often be proceeded by another mandapa .
It is not also unusual for the temple unit to have three main vimanas on three sides of a common navaranga , each opening into it by the connecting antaralas , the fourth side of the navaranga being provided with the main entrance , or porch .
By the repeated offsetting not only of the sides but also of the angles , the resulting plan becomes star - shaped , the same plan as would result by rotating a square pivoted at its centre so that its corners , or the ends of its diagonals , touch sixteen or thirty - two or more points on a circle circumscribed round it .
This star - shaped external configuration is made to extend from the upa - pitha to the apex of the vimana superstructure .
This , incidentally , provided a larger surface area for the execution of the cloyingly prolific sculpture and carving for which the Hoysala temples are noted .
The intervening parts are adorned further by pilasters carrying pyramidal , tiered , superstructural motifs on top . The prastara has a prominent eaves - like cornice . The superstructure is a scheme of close - set ham elements , essentially of kutas , rising one behind the other , each marking a storey , the topmost one carrying a short griva and octagonal sikhara terminating in a stupi .
The middle of the front face of the upper talas is drawn forward into a sukanasika over the antarala below .
The Hoysalesvara , built about 1150 , among the many other temples of the period in Halebid , is a composite of two similar vimana units , both dedicated to Siva , standing side by side on a common raised platform , a combination of two stellate upa - pithas .
Each unit consists of a vimana of a star - shaped plan with antarala and navaranga in front , facing east .
Each navaranga has three projected entrances in a cruciform manner with the northern arm of the southern navaranga joined to the southern arm of the northern navaranga , resulting in a common passage between the two .
The adhishthanas of both the units are made up of elaborate animal or narrative friezes forming their respective tiers .
The walls of the vimana , the inter - connecting transept , and the walls of the mandapas are covered externally with large sculptural reliefs of remarkable fineness .
The entrances of the porches , the antarala and the shrine chamber are framed by elaborately carved over - doors , with elegant makara torana lintels on top .
The upa - pitha platform provides a broad open circumambulatory round both the units .
Standing in front of the temple units , and at some distance from them are two open - pillared Nandi - mandapas , both asymmetrical and later additions , though of the same period , the southern one having a small shrine at its rear .
The Kesava temple , Somnathpur , is a fine example of one of the latest in the series of Hoysala creations .
It was built in 1268 by Somanatha , a general of the Hoysala king .
It is a trikuta temple with three principal vimanas of equal magnitude , facing north , east and south , respectively , opening into a larger and closed common mandapa on its north , west and south sides .
This axial series is surrounded by an open court with a peripheral cloister of sixty - four shrines inside the prakara wall .
The shrines are ranged on the rear half of the cloister close to the prakara , while the anterior half forms a continuous corridor with a pillared facade .
The adhishthana mouldings are exquisitely carved with friezes of men , warriors , elephants , horses , hamsas and makaras , the topmost tier having a series of narrative panels depicting incidents from the Ramayana and the Bhagavata .
The wall niches have boldly moulded figure sculptures of gods and goddesses .
The pillars inside the mandapa are all finely lathe - turned with gracefully carved mouldings .
The main temple of the group constructed in 1215 stands on a high platform , with a Nandi - mandapa in front .
It is enclosed by a massive wall .
The main vimana , essentially square on plan , has its three sides offset prominently into five bays each , the central one of each side further offset forward and constituting a three - tiered replica of the main vimana on a lesser scale .
The other bays have tall close - set pairs of pilasters carrying on their tops shrine - motifs which are replicas of the superstructures of the southern - type vimanas and northern - type prasadas alternately .
The griva too is abbreviated and less distinct and almost of the same width as the domical sikhara .
The entire superstructure is of brickwork .
Axially , a closed square antarala or ardha - mandapa connects the vimana with a large navaranga in front , which is surrounded by a peripheral platform with an outer series of thirty - two pillars and a circumambulatory .
The most noteworthy feature is the array of brackets in the form of female figures , rising from the capitals of the pillars and strutting up the beams and the cornice .
Twelve of these are almost life - size figures of slender build and in graceful poses .
The rest are rearing vyalas , their hind legs resting on elephant heads .
One of the units is at Pillalamarri .
This and the shrine to the west of the main temple at Palampet are also trikuta . - The single vimana units , of which a typical example is the great temple at Palampet , show variations in plan , rise , and decorative details .
Typically the vimana is connected by an antarala to a frontal mandapa with three porch entrances on the other three sides .
The mandapa , after the navaranga pattern , has four central pillars , which are highly finished and are decorative , lathe - turned , with basal and top cubical sections on the shaft , with their faces sculptured , and an intervening polygonal belt .
The pillars in the mandapa of the great temple at Palampet and in the triple shrine of Hanamkonda are of black granite , lathe - turned and highly polished , while in the other cases they are of sandstone .
Similar shorter peripheral pillars , over the vedi of the mandapas , as at Ghanapur and Palampet , often carry remarkable bracket - figures , of madanikas or of mythical animals .
The scheme of vimana , antaralct and mandapa with three porch entrances is found in the great temple at Palampet as also in the one at Ghanapur , the Reddigudi and some other shrines in the same place , the ruined temple on the tank - bund at Palampet , and the Erakesvara of Pillalamarri .
Placing the royal insignia at the feet of his guru Vidyaranya , in all gratitude and reverence , he hailed him as the ' Karnataka simhasana pratishthapanacharya ' ( the establisher of the throne of Karnataka ) , a title The urgent need for stone constructions in and around the new capital and the requirements of the know - how of the technique of working on the hard , adamantine stones , in which material the rocky terrain of Hampi and the neighbourhood abounded , was perhaps met from the further south where the craftsmen were for long centuries steeped in the hardstone tradition and possibly also from the Kakatiya region in the north , where sculpture in hardstone had come into vogue for some time since .
These should have helped the Vijayanagar craftsmen guilds even in their initial achievement which was considerable enough after the stagnation that ensued due to the invasions and upheayals .
The problem of a break or disruption of the continuity of the development of the vimana temple in hardstone that had all along been the choice and character of the farther south , to which area Vijayanagar hegemony soon extended in the reign of Harihara ' s contemporary and successor Bukka , was not so keen in that area .
A Mahabalipuram inscription in script of the seventh century , coeval with the date of the monolithic rathas , gives a list of a team of such artisans a master architect - builder ( permutachchari ) from a place ( Kevada ( ? ) ) , a blacksmith ( needed to temper the chisels for cutting hardstone ) or Kollan Semakaa by name hailing from Kalyani , etc . ( see K . R . Srimvasan , The Dfiarmaraja Ratha and Its Sculptures , New Delhi , 1975 , p . 45 ) .
Again " the vastly improved design and execution of the Virupaksha temple ( Pattadkal ) built by one of Vikramaditya H ' s queens was most likely due to workmen brought from Kanchipuram and to their direct imitation of the Kailasanarha temple which had come into existence in the Pallava capital some decades earlier . "
( K . A . N . Sastry , A History of South India , Third Edition , Madras , 1966 , p . 452 ) .
The sill of each door - opening is reached by a flight of seven steps over the height of the adhishthana while below there is a corresponding sopana of six steps over the upa - pitha height , each flanked by a pair of elephant balustrades as in Hoysala examples .
The eastern doorway forms the principal entrance .
The bahya bhitti right round exhibits a series of pilasters with capitals complete and the interspaces between the pairs of pilasters accommodate niches , of the devakoshtha or torana type .
These enshrine a galaxy of more than sixty sculptures or sculpture groups of varied iconography , making the temple wall a veritable museum of sculpture and iconography .
This is an imitation in the hardstone of what the Hoysala predecessors could do in their softstone fabric .
The six doorways are each guarded by a pair of doorkeepers , two of the six pairs being Saiva and two more pairs , Vaishnava dvarapalas , while the remaining two pairs are Sakta dvarapalikas as could be identified by the attire and the attributes they carry .
On top of the wall runs the entablature with the usual prastara components but with the difference that the kapota or flexed cornice or eaves has a double flexure ( a doucene or ogee section ) instead of the simpler single - flexed kapota encountered in all the earlier eras .
What is more , its underside is sculptured with a series of curved ribs and connecting cross - bars in imitation of the original timber frame of pristine kapotas , that was of curved metal sheeting nailed over the ribbed frame projected from the tops of the beams to serve as the eaves .
This delicate imitation is to be seen in the kapotas of numerous Vijayanagar structures as for example in the famous kalyana - mandapa of the Varadaraja temple in Kanchipuram .
Another characteristic Vijayanagar innovation , made as if to display the great skills their craftsmen had achieved in working hardstones , is the pendent links of stone chains cut out of the same corner stone of the kapota or cornice which is found round the eastern corners of this temple .
The inner wall of the rear apse encloses the sanctum or the garbha - griha enshrining the principal Vidyasankara linga with a narrow antarala in front .
On either side of the antarala and with door - openings facing east in line with that of the antarala are two cells , one on each side .
The one on the south enshrines Ganapati , while the other on the north enshrines Durga , as had become the norm from the Chalukyan times .
The one on the south enshrines Brahma with his consort Sarasvati , the one at the rear on the west , Vishnu with his consort Lakshmi and the one on the north has Mahesvara or Siva with his consort Uma .
Thus the grouping round the main sanctum forms a panchayatana complex of five subsidiary shrines hugging close on to the sanctum sanctorum .
The three door - openings in the outer wall of the rear apse , each come opposite the three affluent shrines of Brahma , Vishnu and Siva on the south , west and north .
The antrala front has two dvarapalas , one of which , curiously enough , is Hanuman while the other is sage Bhiringi .
The maha - mandapa in front of the main vimana is of the Chalukyan navaranga pattern and its four central pillars , in contrast to the greyish granite of the rest of the entire structure , are polished shining black , though of square section , and embellished with panels of sculpture and carvings .
The vimana superstructure of brick has a prominent sukanasika .
There is an Amman shrine vimana to its north , also of the same type .
Its agra - mandapa of the Vijayanagar period is noted for its sculptured columns and contemporary ceiling paintings .
The most interesting painting is a panel depicting the sage Vidyaranya , a lineal successor of Sankaracharya and pontiff of the Sringeri matha , being taken in a procession in a palanquin with royal honours and paraphernalia to the Virupaksha temple .
The hollow , tall , main , east gopura , built of brick in the corbelled fashion is one of the largest Vijayanagar gopuras .
The Vijayanagar vimanas farther south in Tamil Nadu do not have the sukanasika . They conform more to the Pallaya - Chola traditions and form a continuing link with temples of the earlier epochs .
THE POST - VIJAYANAGAR TEMPLES After the fall of the central power following the disastrous battle of Talikotta in 1564 and the ruination of Vijayanagar city , the capital of the empire was shifted in succession to Penukonda , Chandragiri and finally to Vellore .
What may be reasonably considered to be the quintessence of later Vijayanagar architecture and sculptural art , as evolved in the southern half of the Vijayanagar empire , is the unique example of a moderate - sized temple unit in the large Ranganatha temple complex in Srirdngam .
It may as well be considered to be the precursor of , or the model for , the exquisitely designed and ornately carved Subrahmanya temple unit of Nayaka times , inside the enclosure of the Thanjavur Brihadisvara temple complex .
On the basis of an inscription from elsewhere it is believed by some scholars , following the epigraphist ' s report ( A . R . E . , 1937 ) , that the Vaishnavite teacher of Kuruhurpura who was in charge of the Tirn - k - kulal - udina Pillai ( Venugopala Krishna ) temple at Halebid that was consecrated by the Hoysala queen , Umadevi , was duiing his visit to Srirangam , also , instrumental in consecrating a shrine for Venugopala in that temple complex .
It is located inside the fifth south prakara , west of the utsava - mandapam , called locally ranga - mandapam .
It is a temple unit by itself , facing east with a dvitala vimana that has an aditala built of fine grained white granite surmounted by a brickwork superstructure , ardha - , maha - and agra - mandapas preceding the vimana , in the order .
The recessed wall spaces carry fully formed kumbha panjara motifs , in the vimana part , while in similar situations on the mandapas they are elaborately carved vritta sphathitas , the so called ' decorative pilasters ' , that is pilasters carrying on top a panjara crest , but devoid of the basal kumbha or purna ghata .
It may perhaps be a Vijayanagar renovation of an earlier foundation during the Hoysala interregnum and not a standing Hoysala example as some scholars aver in the wake of the suggestion of the epigraphist .
In this type , each of the bhumis is differentiated by simple , short , pilastered and recessed walls that divide the entire pyramidal superstructure into square sectioned strata .
The top is crowned by a griva , amalasila , and stupi , as is usual in northern prasadas .
The other structures standing inside the enclosure of the Mahakutesvara temple complex , except the Makutesvara and the Mallikarjuna which are southern vimana type and the Sangamesvara which is of the northern prasada type , are variants of the Chalukya - Kadamba style .
Similar temples are to be found at Terala near Nagarjunakonda ( Guntur district ) .
This type became more common in the northern territories of the Vijayanagar empire , as at Hampi .
Like the Draupadi ratha , the Kerala temples in their simplest form have only the four essential parts instead of six of the simple vimana , namely , the adhishthana or base , the bhitti or wall , the shkhara or roof , and the stupi or finial .
The prastara and griva below the ultimate roof are eliminated .
The usual plan for the snkoyil or vimana is the square or the circle and the apsidal .
The rectangle is more common for the mandapas and gopuras which are called padi - p - pura .
The rafters of the roof project beyond the wall , forming well - formed eaves - like kapotas .
These are often additionally supported by a carved wooden frame - work with carved wooden brackets sprung from the walls , caryatid - like .
In larger vimanas the body is sandhara or double - walled with a circumambulatory , or idai nah , round the shrine chamber , the inner wall rising up to form a second tala as it were , and carrying the conical or pyramidal gable roof .
The circumambulatory has a roof at a lesser level which slopes down from the middle height of the inner wall and projects eaves - like over the top of the outer wall .
the sides converging to an apex with a single stupi or sahkara with gable ends , extended , with a longitudinal ridge on top carrying a row of stupis , in either case , as appropriate to the plan and shape of the structure below .
( double - walled with an annular passage in between ) ekatala structure of any plan has of necessity a sukanasa , as dictated by its very sandhara nature , as also the double or triple - storeyed ones .
This , because the respective chadyas emerge from what would otherwise be the kapota tier of the tala prastara in a southern vimana prototype .
In the nitandhara pattern with a thick wall , the hara aedicules would appear to be placed over the line of emergence of the chadyas or eaves , since it is a case of the chadyas being sprung at convenient levels and strutted up in position by the carved brackets sprung from the wall itself .
The actual water - proof covering is laid over the planking in the form of clinker tiles , or metal sheeting ( copper or brass ) .
These kuta , sala , panjara reliefs are overshadowed by the overhanging eaves of the pent roof sloping down from hooks and beams , set higher up on the face of the inner wall , and resting on the wall - plate of the outer wall , the overhanging eaves further supported by intricately carved caryatid - like wooden brackets sprung from the top region of the outer wall again .
The inner wall rises up to a further level , carrying the four - sided domical ultimate roof , or sikhara , also of metal sheet , with a stupi on top .
The sikhara roof has four nasikas , or dormers at the middle of its four sides .
In between the Rama and Siva shrines , there is a third shrine dedicated to Sankaranarayana , or Harihara , circular in plan and two - storeyed in its rise .
Its adhishthana and wall are likewise relieved , the larger bays in the middle of the north , east and south sides being sala patterns , with a false door inside a stambha torana front with a makara arch on top .
The other bays correspond to the kuta or panjara patternsall two - storeyed modelswhile the recesses have again such two - storeyed models of lesser size with sala sikhara motifs on tops of shorter and more closely set pairs of pilasters .
On the southern side of the Vadakkunnathan shrine , on the floor of the open court , is the Saptamatrika group , the component deities being represented by a row of padma pithas alone , a characteristic of Kerala temples .
There is also a smaller shrine for Ganapati , interposed between the Siva and Harihara temples .
The open - pillared mandapa round the complex , with stone pillars , and the eastern gopum of stone body and brickwork superstructure are in the style of Tamil Nadu temples , while a subsidiary entrance to the north of the gopura is in the traditional Kerala pattern with a gable roof and kilivasal nasikas .
The srikoyil of the celebrated Guruvayur temple , dedicated to Krishna , is square and two - storeyed with metal - sheet gable roofs , as in the above two cases .
The upper roof in its overhanging eaves , further supported by wooden brackets profusely carved , has four kilivasal nasikas projected from the sloping sides .
The Taliparambha temple is almost similar , quadrangular on plan and double - walled , with the roof in two storeys .
The lower pent roof slopes down on the top of the shorter outer wall and the upper pyramidal or kuta roof cap the top of the inner walls .
In front there is the namaskara - mandapa with a sloped roof and two projecting gables at either end .
The Tali temple near Kozhikode is again another structure of the same kind , square , double - walled , and two - storeyed , the roofs made of modern tiles .
The Subrahmanya temple at Payyanur is another example of a two - storeyed structure of the gajaprishtha class with a square namaskara - mandapa and a transversely oblong mukha - mandapa in front , all metal sheet - roofed , and having a tiled nalambalam of a lesser height running all round .
The decayed temple at Tiruprangode , and the one at Tiruvannur near Kozhikode , are yet other examples of the same class .
The comparatively modern Ananthavinayakar temple at Madhur in north Malabar , also gajaprishtha , has its roof in three tiers , the two lowest ones with pent roof and tiled ; the upper lean - to - roof and the ultimate apsidal roof are of copper sheeting .
The Bhagavati or Durga temple at Kodungallur of ancient fame is now a total modern renovation , of course in the indigenous style .
Among the temples with southern style vimanas , akin to those of the adjoining districts of Tamil Nadu , and more or less concentrated in the south Travancore and Kanyakumari regions , may be mentioned the Guhanathasvami temple of stone of Kanyakumari of the middle Chola period , with the superstructure lost ; the Parthivasekharapuram temple , four - storeyed with
Abu Zafar , son of King Akbar II of Delhi , was the last ruler of the Mughal dynasty founded by Babur in 1526 .
On ascending the throne in 1837 , he assumed the name of Abu Zafar Muhammad Sarajuddin Bahadur Shah Ghazi .
Little is known of Abu Zafar ' s childhood .
Even his place of birth is shrouded in mystery .
He received the usual instructions in Urdu , Persian and Arabic and was trained in the military arts of horsemanship , swordsmanship , shooting with bow and arrow and with fire - arms .
In these he acquired considerable skill and was reputed to be an excellent marksman and one of the best horsemen in the country .
He was a fine calligraphist , a student of Sufi philosophy , a Persian scholar of eminence and a poet , Ibrahim Zauq and Asad Ullah Khan Ghalib , two of the greatest poets of his age , were his poetry tutors .
The ' ghazals ' he composed during his period of exile deserve a place in literature because of their emotional and musical content .
He was not addicted to alcohol or tobacco but in the matter of food he was a gourmet .
He married several times and had the usual complement of concubines , slave girls and mistresses .
His favourite wife was Zeenat Mahal whom he married late in life and who shared the misfortunes of his last years in exile .
' De jure ' King of India , Bahadur Shah looked upon the British in India as his subjects , owing allegiance to him under the terms of the Diwani of Bengal signed by his grandfather , Shah Alam in 1765 .
The East India Company and the British authorities , however , treated him as a pensioner entitled only to the nominal status of a king whose jurisdiction lay within the walls of the Red Fort and who was entitled to a monthly stipend of Rs one lakh .
Bahadur Shah was 82 - years - old when the disturbances of 1857 took place .
When Delhi fell towards the end of September , he escaped to the Humayun ' s tomb but later surrendered himself , when an undertaking was given that his life would be spared .
He was subsequently tried by a military court on charges of treason , conspiracy , rebellion and murder .
The evidence produced at the trial was for the most part irrelevant and inadmissible by law , but Bahadur Shah was convicted upon all charges and exiled to Rangoon .
His trial and conviction were clearly a travesty of justice and in the nature of a reprisal .
While writing the introduction to a book on the I . N . A . trial , Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru in 1946 recalled that , " Eighty years ago another trial was held in this Red Fort of Delhi , the trial of the last of a great line .
That trial put a final end to a chapter of India ' s history . "
He was referring to the trial of Bahadur Shah Zafar , the last King from the Imperial House of Taimur .
Varied versions have been written by historians and politicians about Bahadur Shah and his trial , such that it is difficult to obtain a clear picture of the legal issues of significance that were involved in the trial .
There is no doubt about - the fact that after the suppression of the 1857 ' war of independence ' ( the English preferred to call it a rebellion or a mutiny ) , the British became all powerful in the Indian subcontinent and could deal with the Indians with impunity , in any manner that pleased them .
They could , at will , put on throne or dethrone any prince or king in any part of India .
He was given an undignified seat near the president .
His loyal servant stood behind him and Jawan Bakht to his left .
He rested on a pile of cushions on the floor .
At first he appeared ' alarmed ' and his face wore an anxious expression , but by degrees , it became more vacant and he assumed or felt indifference , emaining apparently in a state of lethargy , with his eyes closed during the greater part of the proceedings . "
" Thirdly : For that , he being a subject of the British Government of India , and not regarding the duty of his allegiance , did , at Delhi , on the llth of May , 1857 , or thereabouts , as a traitor against the State , proclaim and declare himself the reigning King and sovereign of India and did then and there traitorously seize and take unlawful possession of the city of Delhi and did , moreover , at various times , between the 10th of May and 1st of October , 1857 , as such false traitor aforesaid , treasonably conspire , consult and agree with Mirza Mughal , his own son , and with Muhammad Bakht Khan ( Jawan Bakht ) Subedar of the Regiment of Artillery , and diverse and other false traitors unknown , to raise levy and make insurrection , rebellion and war against the State and further to fulfil and protect his treasonable design of over - throwing and destroying the British Govern - ment in India , did assemble armed forces at Delhi and send them forth to fight and wage war against the said government .
The prosecutor stated that the prisoner might be convicted by the court , but no capital sentence would be passed on him as Lt . General Sir Archidale Wilson had promised Bahadur Shah his life before arresting him and taking him into custody .
The British Government wanted to crush freedom of speech and expression . Any organised attempt to overthrow British rule was to be suppressed ruthlessly .
They took full liberty with the provisions of Indian Penal Code , Sedition Act , and Criminal Procedure Code to convict those who raised a voice of protest against oppression and exploitation of Indians .
Lord Curzon ' s partition of Bengal in 1905 led to violent protests in Bengal and all over the country .
Violent and non - violent means were adopted to register protest .
The explosion of a bomb at Muzaffarpur in Bihar in which two British women were killed was followed by ruthless repression on an unprecedented scale .
Innocent people were shot , arrested , jailed and tortured by the British rulers .
Four such editorials were written . ' The Country ' s Misfortune ' , ' Double Warning What the Bomb Explosion Means ' , ' The Crisis ' , and ' These Remedies are not Enough ' .
It is an interesting coincidence that it was the same Davar who as a barrister , a decade earlier in 1897 , had appeared for Tilak ' s bail and had secured it .
In the meantime he had been elevated to the Bench and he ceased to be an advocate for a cause but a judge of the British court .
As Bacon has observed , " When an advocate sits in a judge ' s place he is another man . "
Mr Justice Davar of 1908 was a man totally different to the barrister Davar , who had defended Tilak in 1897 .
There was a general atmosphere of fear .
Tilak could not employ a senior lawyer for his defence , neither did any come forward to defend him .
After Tilak ' s arrest , his lieutenant , Kelkar , found it difficult to get even the papers of the case printed in any of the Bombay presses who feared offending the British .
In such a situation Tilak had no alternative but to conduct his own defence .
Out of the nine members of the special jury , six were Europeans , two Parsis and one Jew .
" And that you thereby committed an offence punishable under Section 124 - A of the Indian Penal Code and within the cognisance of the High Court .
" And that you thereby committed an offence punishable under Section 153 - A of the Indian Penal Code and within the cognisance of the High Court .
CASE NO . 17
" And that you thereby committed an offence punishable under Section 124 - A of the Indian Penal Code and within the cognisance of the High Court .
" And that you thereby committed an offence punishable under Section 153 - A of the Indian Penal Code and within the cognisance of the High Court .
I wanted to bring the matter to His Lordship ' s notice but I thought it was a small matter .
Gentlemen of the jury , you will have to leave all that out of our consideration .
I know that there are certain prejudices against me .
I request you to keep aside those prejudices .
Judge me on facts . One reason I undertook to defend myself was that you would know the man .
I have told you , perhaps bluntly , what I have done .
But I believe , nay I am confident , you will find nothing in it against me .
You will , after taking all the circumstances into consideration , return a verdict of ' not guilty ' .
I appeal to you not for myself but in the interest of the cause which I have the honour to represent .
It is a cause that is sacred and I doubt not , Gentlemen , that He , before whom all of us will have to stand one day and render an account of our actions , will inspire you with the courage of your convictions and help you in arriving at a right decision on the issue involved in this case . "
The Advocate General then submitted : " My contention is that there is really no defence which can be seriously considered , not with standing the length of time that the accused took in elaborating the case and which his advisers and admirers considered admirable defence . "
He continued further to present the picture of anarchy to the jury : " Well , if it is not sedition , the sooner the law is altered to reach the person who has these convictions , the better for all parties concerned and the longer will anarchy be deferred which will certainly come upon us .
It was nearly 8 p . m . when the judge finished his summing up .
He said : " I ask you again to judge the accused by what is before you , on what you have heard in this room and what you have read of his writings .
Apply your minds entirely to the articles before you and tell me , Gentlemen , what is your verdict upon the charges .
There are three charges : you are at liberty to acquit or convict on all three or acquit or convict on any two of the charges .
The extremists , who were also known as the nationalists , formed a very distinct group .
After the scheme of partition of Bengal was announced by Lord Curzon on 7th July , 1905 , Krishna Kumar Mitra wrote an article in the Sanjivani asking the Bengalis to give up the use of foreign articles as far as practicable .
This was the origin of the Swadeshi movement which was also known as the Boycott Movement .
Pyres of foreign articles and clothes were lit in every part of India and picketing of shops selling foreign goods was seen everywhere .
The government took vigorous steps to close newspapers , prosecute publishers , writers and editors and arrested many young people in Bengal .
Mr Kingsford , the Chief Presidency Magistrate of Calcutta , true to his form , pronounced his harsh sentence upon students , leaders and journalists who in turn decided to liquidate Kingsford .
Kingsford was transferred to Muzaffarpur , now in Bihar , as the district judge .
The revolutionaries deputed two young men , Khudiram Bose and Prafulla Chaki , from Calcutta to Muzaffarpur .
They kept track of Kingsford ' s movements and discovered that the latter with his wife generally went to the Planters Club in the evening in a phaeton ( an open carriage drawn by a horse ) .
One evening they threw bombs on the carriage mistaking it for the carriage of Kingsford . Unfortunately , Mrs Kennedy and her daughter were in the carriage and both were killed .
Whatever the young poet ' s achievement in the field of letters , the Maharshi was adamant that his son should also accept his responsibilities as a man and as a son of a land - owning family .
Rabindranath could no longer evade his father ' s command that he should take full charge of the family estates which were at that time spread over a large area in north - east Bengal and Orissa .
Much as he may have shied at first from this onerous responsibility , he was later grateful to his father for having yoked him to it .
Not only he needed this discipline to make a man of him , but the years he thus spent in the heart of rural Bengal widened and strengthened his intimacy with nature and gave him glimpses into the varied landscape of his country which he would not otherwise have known .
This was rich food for his poetry .
But even richer was the intimacy he thus gained with the actual life of the common people , their daily drudgery and constant struggle against the indifference of nature and the worse indifference of a rigid social orthodoxy and of an alien political rule .
This proved an asset to his genius and provided the real backbone which made possible his success as a short story writer and helped him to arrive at a sound diagnosis of his country ' s social and economic malaise . The letters he wrote during this period , most of them to his favourite niece Indira , excerpts from which were later published as Chhinna Patra ( translated into English Glimpsts of Bengal ) , are a remarkable testament of his widening sympathies as a man and his deepening sensibilities as a poet .
As they were not intended for publication he wrote freely and without any self - consciousness .
They provide not only glimpses of The two aspects of nature he loved best , space and motion , the sky and the river , he had here to his heart ' s content .
After that I gave up my studies and went to Baroda where my brother , Aurobindo Ghose , was a Professor at the Gaekwar ' s College .
There I devoted myself to the study of history and political literature .
After being there for a year I came back to Bengal with the idea of preaching the cause of independence as a political missionary .
There young men were brought together to learn physical exercises and a study of politics .
By that time I had been through almost all the districts of Bengal .
I got tired of it and went back to Baroda and studied for one year . I then returned to Bengal convinced that a purely political propaganda would not do for the country and that people must be trained spiritually to face dangers .
I had an idea of starting a religious institution .
By that time the Swadeshi and Boycott Agitation had begun .
I thought of taking men under my own instructions to teach them and so I began to collect this band which has been arrested .
" SeventhlyiThat you , on or about 12 months preceding 15th May , 1908 at various places in Bengal Including 32 , Muraripukur Road , Maniktola , collected men , arms or ammunitions or otherwise prepared to wage war with the intention of either waging or being prepared to wage war aginst His Majesty the King Emperor of India and thereby committed an offence punishable under Section 122 of the Indian Penal Code and within the cognisance of the Court of Sessions .
" Eighthly : That you , on or about 12 months preceding May 15th , 1908 at various places in Bengal including 32 , Muraripukur Road , Maniktola , concealed by illegal omissions the existence of design to wage war against His Majesty the King Emperor of India intending by such concealment to facilitate or knowing it to be likely that such concealment would facilitate the waging of such war and thereby committed an offence punishable under Section 123 of the Indian Penal .
On behalf of the defence , as many as eleven substantial legal objections regarding jurisdiction , charges , evidence and witnesses , the method and manner of searches , were taken .
All these , objections were overruled and Mr E . Norton opened the case for the Crown which took him six days .
In all , 206 witnesses were examined on behalf of the Crown and a large number of exhibits were produced .
On 4th March , 1909 , the Crown counsel closed his Almost all the accused declined to answer the questions put to them and merely stated that the lawyers on their behalf had their full instructions to argue and explain the evidence .
Mr Norton then began his argument which he finished on the 20th March .
The defence counsel and pleaders then addressed the court .
Mr C . R . Das pleaded for Aurobindo for eight days .
After analysing the entire evidence , Mr Das concluded : " My appeal to you , therefore , is that a man like this who is being charged with the offences imputed to him , stands not only before the Bar in this court but stands before the Bar of the High Court of history and my appeal to you is this : that long after this controversy is hushed in silence , long after this turmoil , this agitation ceases , long after he is dead and gone , he will be looked upon as the poet of patriotism , as the prophet of nationalism , and the lever of humanity .
Long after he is dead and gone , his words will be echoed and re - echoed not only in India but across distant seas and lands .
Therefore , I say that the man in his position is not only standing before the Bar of this court but before the Bar of the High Court of history , "
After the arguments of the other defence counsel , the judgment was delivered on 6th May , 1909 .
The learned Sessions Judge passed the sentence :
" Accused Barindra Kumar Ghose and Ullaskar Dutt are sentenced to death under Section 121 , 121 - A , and 122 I . P . C . , and they are informed that if they wish to appeal , they must do so within one week .
Bhattacharya , Sailendra Nath Bose are sentenced to transportation for life under Section 121 , 121 - A and 122 I . P . CC Accused , ln - dra Bhusan Roy is sentenced to transportation under Section 121 - A and 122 I . P . C . Accused Paresh Ch .
Moulik , Sishir Kumar Ghose , Nirapado Roy are sentenced to transportation for ten years under Section 121 - A and 122 .
The properties of all the accused will be forfeited to the government .
Asoke Chandra Nandy , Balakrishna Hard Kane , Sushil Kumar Sen are sentenced to transportation for seven years .
Krishna Jibon Sanyal is sentenced to one year ' s rigorous imprisonment under Section 121 - A .
The rest of the accused are acquitted and to be set at liberty .
Send the record to the High Court for confirmation of the sentence of death . "
While commenting on the trial , the Chief Prosecutor , Eardley Norton said , " The ring - leader was a young man of unusual qualities .
His holograph confession sought to take the whole blame to himself and to exonerate his colleagues .
He denied to apply , though a European British subject by birth , for a jury trial before the High Court , and though he declined to make any admission , he instructed his counsel R . C . Banerjee not to deny the writings or signatures to the famous ' sweets letter ' on which his brother Aurobindb was acquitted by mistake . "
( Knight ) and Justice Carnduff began hearing the appeal and the arguments lasted till the 12th October .
For eight days he pleaded for his clients with great skill and persuasiveness .
The ground on which Das argued the case may be briefly mentioned as an example of his wide knowledge of law and great forensic ability .
Barindra Kumar and Ullaskar had been charged with the offences under Sections 121 , 121 - A , 122 and 123 of the Indian Penal Code .
For prosecution under these Sections , he said , " It is absolutely necessary to have the sanction of the government under Section 196 of the Criminal Procedure Code .
Complaints under these Sections can be made only on the basis of that sanction . "
Das pointed out that the government sanction for prosecution had been asked for offences under Sections 121 - A , 122 and 123 of the Indian Penal Code but not under Section 121 .
There was thus no sanction for prosecution under this Section nor could there be any valid complaint in the circumstances .
He said , " Death is the extreme penalty under Section 121 of the Indian Penal Code but since there was no regular sanction for the charge under this Section , Barindra and Ullaskar must be acquitted of offence under that Section . "
The judges accepted the cogency of Das ' s argument and dropped the charge under Section 121 .
He had been the head of St . Paul ' s and won a scholarship at King ' s College , Cambridge .
Both won honours at the University and at the final examination for the Indian Civil Service .
Aurobindo , the prisoner , beat Beachcroft , the judge , in Greek . 5 .
After his acquittal on 6th May , 1909 , Aurobindo Ghose left politics altogether and ultimately settled down in Pondicherry which was then a French ter - ritory in India .
He set up an Ashram to work out spiritual salvation for himself and others .
Vinayak passed the Marathi fourth standard at the age of ten .
He joined the Shivaji High School at Nasik in 1895 and passed the matriculation examination in 1901 .
At eighteen he topped in an essay competition on ' Who was the Best of the Peshwas ? '
He was sentenced to two consecutive life - transportations , which meant fifty years .
His property was confiscated .
During his ten years in the Andaman Jail from 1911 to 1921 , Vinayak composed poems , spread literacy among the prisoners and dispelled superstitions from the minds of many Hindu convicts , reconverting them to the Hindu fold .
In the An - damans , he composed his poem ' Kamala ' in a special blank verse which he named Vinayak Vritta .
He also composed the poem ' Saptarshi ' on his first night in jail and ' Virahocchvasa ' depicting his yearning for the motherland .
On being released , he published the story of his life in the Andamans in ' Mazi fan - mathep ' ( My Transportation ) .
In 1937 , he was elected president of the Hindu Mahasabha at Ahmedabad .
After 1943 , Savarkar led a retired life and died in 1966 , in his home at Bombay .
Savarkar ' s trials , his caseFrance vs . Great Britain , before the Court of Arbitration at The Hague and trial in India were landmarks in contemporary legal and political history .
During his stay of five years in London , he did nothing overt nor committed any offence against the British laws or the government while on the English soil , but his participation in political activities irked the British Government which was searching for grounds to initiate action against him .
In a bid to throttle his voice ' and put a stop to his activities , a dubious method was devised by the British .
Savarkar was proclaimed a fugitive , an offender for his political activities by the Indian Government , who wrote to the British Government to extradite him to India to face trial .
Savarkar , who had gone to England as a student on a regular passport granted by the Indian Government , was charged under the Fugitive Offenders Act , 1881 .
In an unprecedented step , the English Government obtained a warrant for , his arrest from the Bow Street court , London , on 22nd February , 1910 , on the following charges :
Waging war or abetting the waging of war against His Majesty the King Emperor of India .
Conspiring to deprive His Majesty the King of the sovereignty of British India or a part of it .
Procuring and distributing arms and abetting the murder of Jackson .
He was arrested in England in 1910 for the speeches said to have been made in India in 1906 .
He was produced at the Bow Street police court on 14th March , 1910 .
After a few adjournments , on April 20th , the magistrate refused to release him on bail and Savarkar was transferred from Bow Street police custody to Brixton Jail in England , awaiting further orders for his transportation to India , to stand trial .
Mr Vaughan , counsel for Savarkar , made an application for a writ of habeas corpus and also appealed against the decision of the Bow Street court .
The habeas corpus application and appeal were heard on 2nd and 3rd June , 1910 by the Divisional Court .
The presiding judge upheld the decision of the Bow Street court and rejected the petition and the appeal .
Further an appeal from High Court was presented , but the Chief Justice of the British High Court , Mr Vaughan Williams , upheld the decision of the Divisional Court and approved handing over of Savarkar to the authorities , to be taken to India to face trial before a Special Tribunal , appointed under a special ordinance to try Savarkar .
Justice Coleridge , who was in minority , dissented and held that Savarkar should not be sent to India but the majority view affirmed his transportation to India .
Savarkar was kept in custody till July , 1910 in the British jail while preparations were being made in India to start proceedings against him .
When the court resumed hearing on 26th September , it was argued before the Tribunal that they should stay the proceedings and allow Savarkar ' s - petition against his arrest at Marseilles on the French soil to go to the French and British Governments .
This objection was overruled .
On the 27th and 28th September , the Advocate General continued his speech .
After two prosecution witnesses had been examined , the court asked Savarkar to cross - examine them if he so desired .
He added that he had entirely abandoned himself to the French nation , which called itself the land of fraternity , equality and liberty , and as such , he would not take any part in the trial .
Savarkar ' s counsel , Mr Baptista , also raised the point that Savarkar ' s arrest on French soil was illegal .
The court overruled all objections on 1st October , 1910 .
The provisions of the Extradition Act were discussed .
When asked to comment by the court , Savarkar refused to say anything on the point .
This sentence was unique in dispensation of justice for political ends in India and a landmark of injustice in the Indian legal history .
After the verdict of conviction , from the Dongri Jail ( Bombay ) where Savakar was kept during trial , he was shifted to the Byculla Jail and from there to Thana for being transported to the Andamans , where he was lodged in jail on 4th July , 1911 .
He was kept in a solitary cell ; but neither did he loose his self - control nor was his spirit dampened .
After some time , the entire nation clamoured for Savarkar ' s release . It became difficult for the government to resist the demand .
He was brought to India after the termination of the First World War in 1921 and kept at Yervada Jail .
In 1923 , the Indian National Congress at its Kakinada session passed a resolution demanding the release of Savarkar .
Some ray of hope was seen .
After substituting a few words , Savarkar accepted the conditions , signed the terms and was released conditionally on 6th January , 1924 from the Yervada Jail .
On the following morning , between the 6th and 7th , Savarkar swam ashore and then began to run .
Three persons who had come ashore from the vessel assisted the Brigadier in taking the fugitive back .
On July 9th , the " S . S . MOREA " left Marseilles with Sarvarkar on board .
" It appears that the Brigadier saw the fugitive throw himself into the sea and swim to the quay .
At the same moment , some persons from the ship , who were shouting and gesticulating , rushed ashore in order to pursue him .
A number of people on the quay commenced to shout , ' arretezle ' .
The Brigadier arrested the fugitive after a pursuit of 500 metres .
The Brigadier declares that he was altogether unaware of the identity of the fugitive but thought that he was one of the crew who had possibly committed an offence on board .
With regard to the assistance offered to him by one of the crew and two Indian policemen , it appears that these men came up after the arrest had been effected and their intervention was only auxiliary to the action of the Brigadier .
On his own initiative and quite unexpectedly , Mahatma Gandhi visited the Meerut Jail on 27th October , 1929 to meet the communist undertrials in their barracks .
He spent almost two hours with the prisoners and told them :
" . . . . in the present cause by coming here , I wanted in my humble way to show in a practical manner that this prosecution is wrong and that in any event it is atrocious that you should be put under a heavy handicap by being tried in an inconvenient place like Meerut , where you cannot get the facilities obtainable in the Presidency towns for conducting a proper defence . "
On 21st March , Jawahar Lal Nehru issued a statement describing the arrests as ' primarily directed against the labour movement and the Youth League ' .
He claimed that the government wanted to ' strike terror ' by these arrests and searches .
He also sought to raise funds for the accused and international sympathy and support .
The accused were held in Meerut Jail by the local police , who took remand from time to time at the expiry of every two weeks .
As a conspiracy trial under the legal system prevailing in British India had to be preceded by a preliminary enquiry by a special magistrate , it had a very delayed start due to the massive documents seized by the police in indiscriminate searches and seizures throughout India .
Preliminary Enquiry The preliminary enquiry began on 12th June , 1927 almost eleven weeks after the arrests .
Strangely enough , it was during this period that he contributed serially to the pages of this journal what may be described as perhaps the only novel he wrote merely for the sake of entertaining the reader with an ingeniously constructed story , unburdened with philosophy or any kind of sophistication , and not ending on a tragic noteNauka Dubi , translated into English as The Wreck .
It is a story based on the dilemma of mistaken identity resulting in an exchange of wives delightfully told , if somewhat naively , and interspersed with descriptions of nature of extraordinary loveliness .
Four months after the death of his daughter Renuka , the poet suffered another grievous bereavement .
A young and promising poet , Satis Roy , whom Tagore loved as his own son and who an idealist like himself , had joined his school staff at Santiniketan , and might in course of time have been his right hand , suddenly died of small - pox .
The whole school had to be shifted to Shelidah for the time being , for fear of the epidemic .
Soon after , his father , the Maharshi , passed away on 19 January 1905 , aged eighty - eight .
The death of this remarkable and towering personality marks the end of a very significant era in Indian historythe era of religious and cultural resurgence , of intellectual and moral stalwarts who paved the way of India ' s political awakening .
Henceforth political ends and not moral or intellectual ideals will dominate the Indian scene , despite the great dreams of a Gandhi or a Tagore .
Lord Curzon , the strong - headed Viceroy of India , provided the necessary provocation and challenge in the last year of his office , 1905 , by his proclamation of the partition of Bengal , thereby beginning the process of driving a wedge between the two major religious communities in the country which ultimately resulted in the partition of India forty - two years later amid a holocaust of violence and terror unprecedented in Indian history .
They had newspapers everlastingly preaching the gospel of communism and their activities consisted in poisoning the minds of the youths in the country by the formation of youth leagues .
The accused had engineered , taken part in and spoken at various kinds of demonstrations which were intended by the accused to educate the proletariat in order to initiate them into the mysteries of class - war and dictatorship of the proletariat . "
The defence was represented by a number of prominent Indian lawyers like K . F . Nariman , D . P . Sinha , M . C . Chagla , C . B . Gupta , K . C . Chakravarty and others .
The senior defence counsel , D . P . Sinha , maintained that this was the first systematic prosecution by the government of a group of men for holding certain ideas , ideals and cherishing certain beliefs even though their actions were not contrary to law .
Another defence attorney , K . C . Chakravarty , argued that from the charges enumerated by the prosecuting counsel it seemed that the government was launching this case against the Soviet Government as much as against the accused .
" Hence , " he said , " the only law which applied to such a conspiracy case was the ' Law of Nations ' and a municipal tribunal as the district court of Meerut had no true jurisdiction over the case . "
Most of the defendants did not exercise their right to cross - examine the witnesses for the prosecution , make statements , or give evidence on their own behalf in the court .
Only three of the accused made specific statements in their own defence .
In conformity with the Indian legal procedure , the Indian assessors rendered their opinion on 17th August , 1932 which had no binding force in law , as it was not a judgment .
It is noteworthy , however , that they found most of the so - called - communists ' guilty ' and the so - called non - communists ' not guilty ' .
After a delay of five months , the Sessions Judge , R . L . Yorke , delivered his verdict on 17th January , 1933 , which was a judgment in law but subject to appeal to the High Court at Allahabad .
Of the thirty - one accused , Shibnath Banerjee , Kishorilal Ghosh and B . N . Mukherjee , Bengali trade unionists who belonged to no leftist party , were acquitted .
Dr R . Thengdi , president of the Bombay Workers ' and Peasants ' Party had died during the trial .
The remaining twenty - seven persons were found guilty and were meted out harsh sentences varying from three years to life sentence .
Muzaffar Ahmad was the one to be sentenced to transportation for life .
Appeals All the convicts appealed officially before the High Court of Judicature at Allahabad on 24th July , 1933 .
The appeal was heard by Chief Justice Dr Sulaiman and Justice Douglas Young , who took only eight working days to deliver the judgment on 13th August , 1933 in a case which took about four years - and - six months in the magistrate ' s and the Sessions courts .
The High Court judgment had divided the twenty - seven accused into four groups for the sake of convenience :
According to Muzaffar Ah - mad , Langford James was getting " a fee of eight guineas per day and his junior , J . , P . Mitter , was paid a fee of five guineas a day for the entire period of the trial .
In those days the guinea had the constant value of Rs 17 and the government paid such big fees whether the court was in session or not and irrespective of holidays .
It was estimated that the government paid to Mr James a sum of Rs 34,000 per month , which was a stupendous amount in 1930 .
In March , 1929 , the British Government dealt another blow to the freedom fighters when trade union leaders were arrested without any cause .
Among the arrested were prominent labour leaders like S . A . Dange , Muzaffar Ahmad , S . V . Ghate and 29 others .
The Central Assembly had decided to meet on 8th April , 1929 to take up the Public Safety Bill and the Trade Disputes Bill .
Bhagat Singh and B . K . Dutt , dressed in khaki shirts and shorts , entered unobserved and sat quietly in the visitors ' gallery .
When the voting on the Trade Disputes Bill was over and the Bill had been declared carried by the president , before the president could give his ruling , there was a thundering explosion followed by emission of smoke .
A bomb or some explosive had fallen in the Central Hall ; the house was plunged into darkness .
There were shrieks in the ladies ' galleries , cries and noise below , and before the people had got over the first shock , there was a second explosion .
Thunder and smoke , shrieks and cries led to more confusion and chaos all round .
Members rushed out , visitiors dashed to safety and women ran for protection .
Then two pistol shots were heard .
In these circumstances , these youths must not be allowed to lead to the infliction of an inadequate punishment .
I sentence Bhagat Singh and B . K . Dutt to transportation for life . "
No appeal was intended as it was known to be futile but with a view to using the High Court to further publicise their programme and to awaken the masses , Bhagat Singh and B . K . Dutt filed an appeal in the High Court .
The appeal was heard by Justice Ford and Justice Addison .
Asaf AH argued it for two - and - a - half days .
The public prosecutor replied to his arguments during the remaining half of the third day .
But in between , as per the statement of Asaf Ali , Bhagat Singh also submitted arguments on his own behalf .
As foreknown the appeal was rejected by the High Court on 13th January , 1930 and it concurred with the judgment of the Sessions Court .
While he was in jail , his trial in the Saunders ' murder case ( or the Lahore conspiracy case , 1929 , as it came to be known ) also started in the court of the special magistrate .
But , on the insistence of friends and relations , he agreed to have a legal adviser to watch the procedings of the Tribunal and to give him advice on lines of cross - examination .
He made it clear to the court that the legal adviser would neither cross - examine the witness , nor address the court .
He agreed to Shri Duni Chand being appointed as his legal adviser .
Bhagat Singh did not offer any defence during the trial .
For him the trial meant more a platform for propagating his revolutionary ideas for the country ' s freedom than an occasion for saving his life .
On 20th September , 1930 , when it became evident that death sentence would be awarded to Bhagat Singh , Kishan Singh , his father , swayed by parental love and sentiments made an attempt to save his son from the gallows .
When Bhagat Singh came to know of it he was furious .
Inspite of all the sentiments and feelings of a father , I do n ' t think you were at all entitled to make such a move on my behalf without even consulting me .
Jawahar Lal Nehru , in a public speech made on 12th October , 1930 has this to say on the mock trial and the courage and sacrifice of Bhagat Singh :
Whether I agree with him or not , my heart is full of admiration for the courage and self - sacrifice of a man like Bhagat Singh .
Courage of the Bhagat Singh type is exceedingly rare .
If the Viceroy expects us to refrain from admiring this wonderful courage and high purpose behind it , he is mistaken .
Manabendra Nath Roy , who came to be popularly known as M . N . Roy , was born in 1887 .
He began his career as a revolutionary and joined the revolutionary movement in Bengal in the year 1906 .
He was involved in the Chingripota Railway Station dacoity case in December , 1907 and also in the Netra dacoity in 1910 .
She took out a copper coin from her miserable bag and placed it in his hand .
When she icturned home and opened the bag , she found a gold coin in place of the one she had parted with .
" Oh , why did I not give my all ? " she wailed .
In another poem he is a woman waiting at night for her lover .
This symbolism he elaborated late in his famous drama Raja , known in English as The King of the Dark Chamber .
The year 1907 was packed with anguish and achievement . Disappointment in public life was followed by a great personal sorrow . Whatever his engagements at Calcutta , Santiniketan or elsewhere , his pen was restless and was turning out some of his finest prose covering a large variety of topics .
Apart from the major novel , Gora , which began to appear serially , he published four volumes of literary essays , each covering a separate category : Sahitya ( literature and literary values in general ) , Prachin Sahitya ( ancient literature ) , Adhunik Sahitya ( modern literature ) , and Lok Sahitya ( folk literature or literature of the people ) .
The range was comprehensive , the analysis sober and lucid , and the style so charming that what he said was itself afine specimen of literature .
Rabindranath was one of the first Indian writers to include in his broad sweep of literary appreciation the entire range of Indian literature , from the classical to the contemporary , from the aristocratic to the plebeian , and to illumine and place each in the perspective of the whole .
An intelligence report , reviewing communist activities in India during this period , acknowledged that Roy had managed to do " very considerable mischief , despite the fact that the police were continually hot on his heels . "
During the brief seven months at his disposal , Roy acquired many supporters for his views , including leading Congressmen , in various parts of the country .
His conviction , it was felt , woulcl remove from the political arena a dangerous enemy of capitalism , landlordism and imperialism and ( were ) strike another blow at Indian communism in general . "
Seldom had the Indian police worked as hard to capture a man as in the case of Roy .
Within a few days after his arrival in India , the authorities had suspected his presence .
Despite the determined efforts of the police , Roy managed to elude them for several months while at the same time making creditable progress towards the realisation of his goals .
M . N . Roy had been committed by the magistrate to Sessions on 15th October , 1931 .
After several postponements , his trial in the Court of Sessions began on 3rd November , 1931 .
Roy ' s trial did not take place , as usual , in open court .
It took place in the jail in which he was locked up .
The government , it seems , did not want any popular demonstration to take place .
Roy refused to appear before a court sitting behind prison walls , but , he was forcibly taken to the court .
He applied for trial by jury .
The application was refused and he was tried with the help of assessors .
At the end of the trial , two of the four assessors found him ' not guilty ' but that did not prevent the Sessions Judge from convicting him and imposing a savage sentence upon him .
The moral philosophy of the ruling power is that force becomes criminal when directed against it but that it is an instrument of virtue when employed for the preservation of the ruling power .
In other words , the mercenary army with which the sovereignty of the British is maintained in a foreign country is an instrument of moral or virtuous force .
But the same weapon in the hands of the oppressed people of India fighting for freedom will be the instrument of crime .
Aeroplanes bombing the Frontier tribesmen are vehicles of virtue , teaching those deprived people a moral lesson but any resistance on the part of the latter is criminal .
I stand here to indict the British Government of India at the Bar of civilised world for wanton aggression against one - fifth of the human race , for robbing our land , for obstructing our progress in every sense . "
Dwelling on the history of constitutional developments in England , he pointed out :
" The history of England teaches us that resistance and rebellion against the established State are the motive force of political progress . "
He continued , " Indians shall give their country a political system better than the rusty British Constitution .
Premnath Sehgal , Shah Nawaz Khan and Gurbaksh Singh Dhil - lon .
The aim then was not so much to prove that they broke the oath of allegiance but that they committed murders , atrocities and war crimes .
This step evoked the sympathy of the entire nation towards the officers .
The Indian National Congress took an active part in organising the defence of the accused .
A high level committee of top lawyers was formed which included Pandit Jawahar Lal Nehru , Sir Tej Bahadur Sapru , Mr Asaf Ali and others .
Two significant trials were held in the Red Fort of Delhi .
Each changed the course of political history as each involved important legal issues of national and international importance .
In 1858 , the famous trial of the last Mughal Emperor , Bahadur Shah Zafar , was held in the Red Fort of Delhi .
This trial gave a final blow to Mughal rule in India and established British supremacy in the country .
Important issues of International Law were involved in the trial as to whether a king could be tried and whether such a trial was justified in law .
Few poets have loved space as he did , space above and space below , vastness that stretches bejrand the reach of the senses .
Again and again he talks of his " hunger for space " and once he wrote , " Goethe on his death - bed wanted ' more light ' .
In one of his letters he has described how one evening while reading an English book on aesthetics and plodding through its abstruse definitions and fine distinctions he suddenly felt wearied and dejected as though he had strayed into an empty mirage , filled with mocking voices .
He threw the book on the table and as the night was far advanced blew out the lamp with the intention of retiring to bed .
No sooner had he done so than the moonlight burst into the room through the open windows .
He paid frequent visits to Calcutta to see his wife and children .
The family had started a new literary monthly called Sadhanain place of the old one , Bharati .
From now on his work bears the impress of maturity and whatever flowed from his pen helped to illumine uncharted vistas of thought and expression in the literature of his language .
Similarly , in 1945 , another remarkable trial known as the Indian National Army ( I . N . A . ) trial was held in the Red Fort of Delhi .
All minor issues faded away , even the personalities of the three men being tried for an offence involving death sentence became blurred in that large picture of India .
It became in reality not merely a question of law or of forensic eloquence and ability , though there was plenty of ability and eloquence , but rather a trial of strength between the will of the Indian people and the I do not propose to go into the history of the formation of the Indian National Army under the leadership of Subhas Chandra Bose .
Captain Shah Nawaz Khan of 1 / 14 Punjab Regiment , Captain Prem Kumar Sehgal of 2 / 10 Baluch Regiment and Lieutenant Gurbaksh Singh Dhillon of 1 / 14 Punjab Regiment - who had all joined the Indian National Army organised by the Provisional Government of Free India under the leadership of Sri Subhas Chandra Bose , at Singapore ( Shonan ) during 1943 - 45 , were arrested as prisoners of war after the Allied forces recaptured Malaya and Burma and were subsequently put on trial before a court martial in the Red Fort of Delhi .
They were all charged with waging war against His Majesty the King Emperor of India : Lt . Dhillon with the offence of committing murder of Hari Singh , Duli Chand , Daryao Singh and Dharam Singh on or about 6th March , 1945 , and the other two with abetment of murder .
The trial statted on 5th November , 1945 and went on till 31st December , 1945 .
When Singapore fell to Japan on 15th February , 1942 , Col . Hund had handed over about 40,000 Indian prisoners of war to the Japanese representative on behalf of the British Government .
This was an accretion of strength to the Indians overseas .
They then founded the Indian Independence League which met in conference in Bangkok in June , 1942 and adopted the proposal to form the Indian National Army and also to invite Subhas Chandra Bose to that part of the country .
After meeting Premier Tojo in Japan , Subhas Chandra Bose had arrived in Singapore on 2nd July , 1943 and had assumed leadership of the Indian Independence League on 21st October , 1943 .
Provisional Government of Free India was set up at Singapore .
It was recognised by Japan , Germany , Thailand and Manchokia .
Japan agreed to hand over the Andaman and Nicobar Islands to the Provisional Government , and thus the Indian National Army came to be known all over the world .
Thirty witnesses were examined on behalf of the prosecution in support of the charges .
A charge of treason in England would be a charge of Working against the King and the country , but where such a charge is imposed on a subject people then a different issue will arise .
Regarding the applicability of the principles of International Law in the circumstances of the case , the Crown contended that International Law as such had no binding force before the Tribunal which was dealing with the matter and that the Tribunal could take cognisance only of the rule of domestic or municipal law where , as the defence contended , the law of nations had as binding a force as statute or any other law .
In the setting and the . circumstances of the acts charged as offences , same would fall outside the pale of municipal law and would be brought in the domain of the law of nations .
The order and sentence passed by the general court martial and the confirmation thereof by the Commander - in - Chief who was the confirming authority in the case was announced in a communique which was published in the Gazette of India Extraordinary on 3rd January , 1946 .
The communique cited :
The findings of the court are that all three are guilty of the charge of waging war , while Capt . Shah Nawaz Khan is also convicted of the charge of abetment of murder , Lt . Dhillon is acquitted of the charge of murder and Capt . Sehgal of the charge of abetment of murder .
This was followed by Prayaschitta ( Atonement ) , very different in theme and mood from the previous play , though also in prose interspersed with songs .
It is not a drama of feeling but of action , full of strife and intrigue and the clash of interests , although an idea and a moral run through it as they do in all Tagore ' s plays .
It was not desertion ; it was renunciation , the spirit of which is most movingly portrayed in the last scene of the play .
The poet was in a full frenzy of the dramatic phase of his career and it was inevitable that he should dramatise the most intense experience of his life his adventure with the Divine .
What is the soul ' s relation to God ?
Must we approach Truth on our terms or on its own ?
These are the questions the poet has sought to answer in this his most symbolic and in a sense his most . characteristic play , Raja ( in English The King of the Daih Chamber ) , This philosophic allegory was followed by two other plays written in quick succession in 1911 , and published a year later .
They are very different from each other and from the previous dramas , although the central character in both of them is a young boy .
Dak Ghar , translated into English as The Post Office , is perhaps the most popular among his plays and was successfully staged in London by the Irish players in 1913 .
That claim has not been confined to the people of a particular race , or religion or colour . It applies to all , for I hold that humanity as a whole is indivisible by such barriers , and human rights must always prevail .
The trial of Sheikh Muhammad Abbullah , the ' Lion of Kashmir ' , in July , 1946 at Srinagar is equally important as that of the freedom fighters , the only difference being that Abdullah fought against the autocratic rule of a Maharaja who was under the tutelage of British rulers in India .
In the words of Pandit Jawahar Lal Nehru : " Popular movements which have any reality and strength behind them usually throw up personalities who typify and symbolise that movement .
Thus Sheikh Muhammad Abdullah became the living and outstanding symbol of the urge of the Kashmir ! people for their freedom .
Thus also the trial of Sheikh Abdullah was something much more than the trial of an individual : it was the trial of a whole people .
Or perhaps it would be more correct to say that , in the ultimate analysis , it was the trial before the Bar of public opinion of the State authorities who had tried to stem the flowing river of the great popular movement . "
In 1942 , the Indian National Congress gave a call for complete independence and for Quit India ' .
" You have , no doubt , read in the papers about the trouble in Kashmir but it is not a thousandth part of what interested parties make it appear to be in the press .
The trouble started with the local demagogue , Abdullah , who is frankly communist and anti - State , suddenly discovering that he could not with impunity carry out his policy of disrupting the government from within through the agency of his friend who had been appointed minister , while simultaneously battering the government from outside by making inflammatory speeches and levelling baseless accusations .
Naturally my government had to take action and took it , with the result that Abdullah and a number of his little friends were arrested .
At the time of his arrest Abdullah was apparently on his way to see his Guru Jawahar Lal and so Jawahar Lal ' s personal vanity was greatly injured by the fact that his lieutenant was arrested when on his way to take sanctuary with him .
Being what he is , Jawahar Lal has completely gone off the deep end . "
Sheikh Abdullah was arrested and tried under Section 124 - A of the Ranjit Penal Code ( R . P . C . is equivalent to Section 124 - A of I . P . C . ) as applicable in Kashmir , for sedition .
Pandit Jawahar Lal Nehru went to Kashmir to extend all possible moral and legal suport to Sheikh Abdullah for his defence .
Abdullah was put up for trial by the Government of Kashmir in the court of Lala Barkat Rai , Sessions Judge , Srinagar , Kashmir on 26th July , 1946 .
W . B . Yeats who was present at the performance testified , " On the stage the little play shows that it is very perfectly constructed , and conveys to the right audience and emotion of gentleness and peace . "
The German stage version of the play which the ! poet saw in Berlin in 1921 was suggestive of a fairy story .
Writing of it to C . F . Andrews , he recalled : " I remember , at the time when I wrote it , my own feeling which inspired me to write it .
Amal represents the man whose soul has received the call of the open road . . . "
Or one who is a thirst for the faraway , to quote a line from one of Tagore ' s earlier songs .
Whatever its deeper symbolism , the play embodies the author ' s own reminiscent longing as a child for freedom from the confines of his regimented home .
The other play , Achalayatan ( The Immovable ) , has not been published in English and is indeed hard to translate .
The play is a rollicking satire on the self - complacent , self - righteous and unchanging obstinacies of Hindu society and is one long unsparing mockery of its absurd orthodoxies .
The central character is a small boy by name Panchak who has been enrolled by his elder brother , a pillar of orthodoxy , as a novice in a monastic order which is Achalayatan , Castle of Conformity , surrounded by high walls and cut off from the rest of the world .
The poor boy who suffers from irrepressible curiosity and mirth is looked down upon by the inmates as an incorrigible dunce and is constantly chided for his habit of singing .
" What merit is there in singing ?
Even the birds can sing , " He is ever playing the truant and keeps company with the neighbouring peasants , workers and other low - caste tribes and finds pleasure in their innocent games , their honest labour and in their lust for living .
The times have changed fast since then and what Tagore said six decades ago seems so common place and almost self - evident today that the present generation is hardly aware of their debt to the man who had the vision and the courage to say what he did , and at no little cost to his popularity .
But Tagore was no embittered Swift who enjoyed belittling his fellowmen nor an impetuous revolutionary who in his impatience with old order would trample under foot the good along with the bad .
No other book gives so masterly an analysis of the complex of Indian social life with its teeming contradictions , or of the character of Indian nationalism which draws its roots from renascent Hinduism and stretches out its arms towards universal humanism .
Nor is it any the less interesting as a novel .
Their conflicts between themselves and within themselves as characters living and growing are delineated with great insight and sympathy and not a little irony .
It is worth recalling how this novel came to be written .
It is said that the main character , Gora , who gives the novel its title , was suggested by the personality of Sister Nivedita , the Irish lady , nee Margaret Noble , who became a disciple of Swami Vivekananda , the eloquent apostle of neo - Hinduism .
Those who have read her books know what a passionate advocate she was of everything Hindu .
Tagore who liked and admired her for her sincerity and courage must of ten have smiled when she preached Hinduism to him more Hindu than the Hindu !
Once when she was staying as his guest at his Shelidah estate , she would insist , when they sat out on the deck of the house - boat in the evening , that he tell her a story .
So he began telling her the story of Gora and later wrote it down .
Gora is an Irish foundling whose parents were killed in the so - called Sepoy Mutiny of 1857 .
A kind Brahmin lady brings up the baby as her own .
If this composition is altered , i . e . the oxygen level gets reduced or irritating gases enter the atmosphere , then the air is said to be polluted and inhalation of this polluted air can lead to respiratory disorders .
Our air is being poisoned with the by - products of an expanding technological society .
Air pollution is nothing new , but what is new is the scope and severity of air pollution .
In recent times , quite a large number of industries can be seen in urban areas as well as in rural pockets .
Most of these industries spew dense smoke from their chimneys .
What is this smoke made of and how is it produced ?
Industries require steam and to produce it various fuels such as coal , coke , furnace oil are burnt .
During burning , along with heat , smoke is also produced ( the colour and intensity of the smoke depend on the nature of the fuel burnt and its quantum ) .
Where does this smoke go ?
Thermal power stations are rated the first among the industries that discharge high amounts of smoke and ash .
Gora , fair of skin and handsome , tall and well - built , proud and passionate , grows up to be a fervent believer in Hindu orthodoxy and a vehement champion of the caste system .
In his crusade for what he believed was the only true and divinely ordained faith , he alienates his only true friend and spurns the girl who loves him and whom he in his heart loves .
The anticlimax comes suddenly when he discovers that he is of foreign blood and therefore , in terms of his own faith , a mkchha , an outcaste .
He has no place what so ever in the orthodox Hindu society by which he had sworn .
This realisation brings him to his senses and he understands the true significance of his nation ' s heritage .
" Today I am really an Indian .
In me there is no longer any opposition between Hindu , Mussulman arid Christian .
Today every caste in India is my caste , . the food of all is my food . "
EFFECTS OF AIR POLLUTION Air pollution can affect human health , animals , plants , materials , besides causing global effects .
Effects on Human Health It has been proved beyond doubt that polluted air is highly detrimental to human health and is a contributory factor in deaths from diseases , such as lung cancer .
Air pollution is mostly associated with respiratory diseases ranging from common cold to lung cancer .
Both gaseous and particulate pollutants cause severe damage to the respiratory system leading to emphysema , bronchitis and asthma .
Polluted air irritates the eyes and some pollutants like lead tend to accumulate in the body , at times to dangerous levels .
Deaths from lung cancer are on the increase and the prime causative agent is suspected to be polluted air .
Carbon monoxide is an asphyxiant gas which when inhaled reacts with the haemoglobin in blood to reduce the oxygen - carrying capacity of blood .
The disease is gradually progressive and death occurs due to heart failure or pulmonary tuberculosis .
Other serious dust diseases include block - lung disease ( from inhaling coal dust ) , berylliosis ( from 1 eryllium dust ) , byssinosis ( cotton dust ) .
A summary of air pollutants and their effects on human health is given in Table 1 for ready reference .
Table 1 Major Air Pollutants and their Effects on Human Health Wo .
Sulphur dioxide Industries , especially where coal and oil are fired .
The effects of air pollution on domestic animals are similar to those observed in man .
In the London fog disaster of 1952 , it is reported that five cattle died and 52 out of 351 became seriously ill .
An unknown number of cattle , pigs , dogs , chickens and canaries died , or became ill due to exposure to hydrogen sulphide at Poza Rica in Mexico .
If the greenhouse gases increase then more heat will be trapped and radiated back to the earth , resulting in the earth becoming warmer still .
Undue warming of the earth will lead to grave consequences .
Polar ice caps may melt further and increase the size of the oceans which may submerge large expanses of land ( China , Egypt , Indonesia , Bangladesh and West Bengal face this threat ) .
Human beings will become more vulnerable to disease due to a substantial increase in viruses , parasites and insects that thrive better under warmer conditions .
Large - scale blindness would follow ; the fair - skinned people would become more prone to melanoma ( skin cancer ) ; the global food supplies will dwindle at a faster rate ; and , changes in global rainfall and ecological disturbances will become a common occurrence .
The atmosphere is generally divided into four horizontal layers ( on the basis of temperature ) : the troposphere ( the first 12 kms from the earth in which the weather phenomenon occurs ) , the stratosphere , ( 12 - 50 kms , the zone where 95 per cent of the world ' s atmospheric ozone is found ) , the mesosphere ( 50 - 80 kms ) , and the thermosphere ( above 80 kms ) .
What is this ozone layer ?
The maximum concentration is at a distance of 20 - 25 kms .
It is predicted that holes in the ozone layer and the consequent danger due to overexposure to sun ' s ultraviolet radiations will develop first near the two poles .
As such , the USA and Canada face a grave threat but , this does not mean that we should turn a blind eye to it ; it should be viewed , as a global problem .
India too will be affected by the large - scale changes in the ozone layer .
Prevention and Control of Air Pollution Prevention and control of air pollution is the need of the hour as both the animal and human population is endangered .
It is not feasible to provide for the growing needs and amenities of modern life without paying the price of air pollution . Much of the pollution can be averted through careful planning and siting of industries , better designed equipment and proper operation of the equipment .
The first and foremost rule is to ensure that there is no incomplete combustion .
Smoke can be reduced by maximising the combustion , i . e . by ensuring complete burning so that poisonous carbon monoxide gets converted to harmless carbon dioxide .
The combustion can be increased by reducing the size of the fuel and adjusting the ratio of air to fuel .
For example , coal may be pulverised and then used .
Coke briquettes may be reduced to a smaller size and then put to use .
To limit global warming to the minimum extent , concerted efforts are needed .
The lifestyle in developed countries - has to be changed especially in the use of petroleum products .
A forestation schemes have to be implemented at a faster rate , as vegetation absorbs carbondioxide . There is no easy solution to the depletion of ozone layer .
Even if a ban on the production of chlorofluorocar - bons ( CFC ) is imposed with immediate effect , the effects of the chlorofluorocarbons produced till date will continue to harm the atmosphere for the next 100 years .
Any such ban will not reverse the harm already done .
The only solution is for all nations to join hands and launch a crusade to protect the ozone layer from further deterioration by adopting suitable and immediate measures to safeguard the lives of all living beings .
Major Air Pollution Disasters Our present knowledge of the effects of air pollution is mainly derived from the study of acute air pollution episodes .
Reports and records of small communities and groups of people show how they have suffered or died of exposure to toxic fumes , vapours , aerosols , dust and pesticides .
Some of the following episodes will help explain the severity of air pollution .
Let only Thy will be fulfilled in my life ! "
Love is the keyword .
Fifty years of a rich and fruitful career closed in 1911 .
As though aware that a major phase of his development was at an end and an entirely new chapter was to begin , he wrote his reminiscences ( fivansmriti ) of the earlier days upto the threshold of manhood .
Nor are these memoirs a chronicle of events as in a diary .
As he himself put it while introducing them , " Life ' s memories are not life ' s history , but the original work of an artist . "
The artist is an impressionist and what he paints on the mind ' s canvas does not exactly reproduce what actually happened .
TWELVE years of struggle without respite on many fronts had yielded a rich harvest , but the strain had been great , both on the body and on his mind .
Even birds are not spared .
Birds breeding near acidified lakes have been known to be poisoned by aluminium which they pick up while eating aquatic insects .
The downpour of acid rain leads to removal of top soil , followed by percolation of acid water into the subsoil , subsequently causing acidity of ground - water .
Nutrients which are necessary for plant growth are leached or made unavailable .
In contrast to this , other metals such as aluminium , lead and mercury which are toxic to plants become more soluble and impair plant growth .
The net result is damage to plants , stunted growth and increased susceptibility to disease .
Let us now see the effect of acid rain on inanimate objects .
Are stones vulnerable to leprosy ?
The sulphuric acid in acid rain reacts with the calcium carbonate to convert it to gypsum ( calcium sulphate ) , whose volume is about two times higher than that of marble .
Twice before a sojourn abroad had proved helpful and stimulating .
Now again at the cross - roads , he looked wistfully towards the West .
He had never been anti - West even in his most patriotic and introspective phase and had drawn inspiration and sustenance as freely from the values of Western civilisation as from the heritage of his own country .
And so in the beginning of 1912 he made preparations for his third voyage to Europe .
Meanwhile the intelligentsia of Bengal tried to make amends for their past neglect of their greatest poet by celebrating the fiftieth anniversary of his birth at a public reception on 28 January 1912 , in the Town Hall of Calcutta , under the auspices of the Bangiya Sahitya Parishad , the leading literary society of Bengal .
His luggage , already on board , had to be sentback from Madras where the ship halted next .
Disappointed at this unforeseen postponement of his voyage , he sought consolation and strength , as of old , by retiring to Shelidah on the bank of his beloved river Padma .
However most developed countries have banned the use of DDT and the like products .
An interesting event of 1985 comes to my mind .
About 200 people in the USA and Canada had to be hospitalised after consuming their favourite summer fruit , the watermelon .
Sickness , feyer , sweating and trembling were some of the symptoms that set in the patients due to the contamination of the fruit with granular pesticidealdicarb ( whose trade name is Temik ) .
The chemical is prepared from methyl isocyanate ( MIC ) , the leakage of which claimed about 4,000 lives in the Bhopal gas tragedy during 1984 .
Fortunately there were no death cases in either USA or Canada but millions of watermelons were destroyed for days together , to save the people from further . poisoning .
Change the environment by digging up egg pods , for exarnple .
Genetic control by releasing male pests sterilised with X - rays to compete for females .
Protein , fats , sugars .
Phenolic compounds , dyes , heavy metal salts .
Phosphates , fluorides , ammonia .
Ammonia , cyanides , sulphides , phenols .
Iron , mineral acids .
That I cannot write English is such a patent fact that I never had even the vanity to feel ashamed of it .
If anybody wrote an English note asking me to tea , I did not feel equal to answering it .
Perhaps you think that by now I have got over that delusion .
That I have written in English seems to be the delusion .
On the day I was to board the ship , I fainted due to my frantic efforts at leave - taking and the journey itself was postponed .
But unless the brain is fully active , one does not feel strong enough to relax completely ; the only way to keep myself calm was to take up some light work . . .
I simply felt an urge to recapture through the medium of another language the feelings and sentiments which had created such a feast of joy within me in the days gone by .
The pages of a small exercise - book came to be filled gradually , and with it in my pocket I boarded the ship . "
During this enforced convalescence at Shelidah he composed many songs in which the devotional mood of Gitanjali continued to yield an equally rich flowering .
In Gitanjali the poet had made an offering to his Beloved Deity of " a handful of songs . " In Gitimalya he wove for Him " a garland of songs . "
Suspended matter is present in sewage and most industrial waste waters .
Suspended matter do not cause any harm , but interfere with the self - purification ability of streams by reducing the photosynthetic activity of water - plants and by smothering benthic organisms .
Moreover , abrasive materials present in the suspended matter can choke the gills of fish and destroy them .
The coal - washery waste waters , which are black and opaque , discolour the stream and render it unfit for most uses .
Suspended matter containing organic material putrefies during warm weather .
As a result , solids buoyed by gas may rise to the surface , leading to the formation of floating masses of foul - smelling sludge .
Gaseous Pollutants : This category includes ammonia , free chlorine , hydrogen sulphide , ozone and phospine .
Inhalation of considerable quantities of ammonia produces a spasm of the glottis and may even lead to death .
Various reports indicate that copper in about 2 parts per hundred million parts of water is fatal to sticklebacks and similar species .
As metals are indestructible poisons , their disposal into oceans over long periods may be highly dangerous , affecting the production of atmospheric oxygen as well as marine life .
Electric generating plants , nuclear power plants and other manufacturing units require large amounts of water for ' cooling ' .
The discharge of hot trade effluents from electricity generating stations may cause a temperature rise of several degrees in a river or a canal .
About 80 per cent of total water withdrawn for industrial operations is used for cooling only .
Nuclear power plants release 50 per cent of the heat generated to the water bodies ( normally to the oceans ) .
Distilleries also discharge hot effluents at temperatures ranging between 60 C and 80 C .
The effects of thermal pollution are mainly on aquatic animals , particularly fish .
Obviously many square metres of arable lands have been laid waste .
The extent of sea - water intrusion is such that one cannot add milk to brew tea .
The milk turns sour as soon as it is added to water , because of excess salinity .
The prime difference between other types of pollution and ground - water pollution is that once the ground - water is affected it cannot be cured , it cannot be treated ; it is an ' irreparable damage .
While surface water flushes away the pollutants , the latter cannot be flushed away from the ground - water .
As a result , the effects of such pollution may continue for indefinite periods .
Pollutants in Oceans Many of us believe that the ocean is too vast to be polluted by man ' s activities .
While it was true some time ago , it no longer holds true now .
Many of the pollution problems that affect rivers and lakes also affect the estuaries and coastal zones where the land meets the ocean .
The cumulative effects of pollutants affect oceans too .
It is to be mentioned here that about 85 per cent of pollution of the oceans has its origin on land .
Ocean is the ultimate dust - bin where the polluted rivers along with their water , discharge pollutants .
Since ages , the ocean had been the work - horse to consume all these pollutants and transform into various materials of its own eco - system .
But millions of tonnes of sewage and industrial effluents dumped every day into the sea have changed its nature of self - purification and led to endangering of myriads of life forms .
Thor Hyerdahl , during his expedition on the Ra II , was aghast at the pollution in the middle of the Atlantic .
He saw dark brown lumps of tar - like material , of the size of fine gravel , in parts of the ocean .
He also found that " the ocean water assumed a very dirty , greyish green colour instead of clear blue , leaving us with the impression of being inside a harbour amidst the outlet of city sewers . "
The coastal area and ocean surface get severely affected by oil spills and oil slicks .
This has been described in detail in the next chapter .
Plastic containers and other forms of rnan - made garbage cause ocean contamination .
Owing to the heavy discharge of effluents from the tanneries into river Palar ( once a prime drinking water source ) , it has become a drain and is called pazhar ( river of wastes ) .
About 20,000 hectares of agricultural land have been declared unfit for cultivation .
The problem is further aggravated by the conversion of ground - water to saline water .
The distressing condition of river Yamuna cannot be simply explained in words .
Delhi generates about 2,000 million litres of sewage per day and nearly half of this quantity passes without any treatment through open drains to reach the Yamuna .
The report by the Central Pollution Control Board says that the water quality of the river Yamuna upstream , that is up to Wazirabad , is fit for drinking after treatment but after the confluence of Najafgarh drain , it gets heavily polluted .
Polluted water is stated to be responsible for two - thirds of all illnesses in India and at times water - borne diseases acquire epidemic proportions .
The following statistics are illustrative of the malady40,000 cases of jaundice were reported in 1955 - 56 in Delhi , 2,000 in Bombay in the year 1978 and about 310 deaths occurred in West Bengal during July 1990 .
It is reported that Bombay alone discharges about 1,800 million litres of untreated waste water ( sewage and trade effluents ) daily into the Arabian Sea arid the Thane creek . The seashore becomes a dumping ground for solid wastes as well as industrial effluents .
For example , metal pickling once carried out by acids is now replaced by sand blasting in which no liquid effluent is generated .
Reuse of Rinse Water : In order to minimise the volume of effluents , the waste water that is less polluted in the industrial process may be used in rinsing , hor instance , in the mercerising of yarn , the final rinse water containing little alkali is used for the first and second rinsing of yarn containing excess alkali .
Segregation of Concentrated Wastes : Often concentrated wastes ( that are normally low in volume ) are mingled with diluted wastes either for treatment or disposal .
The concentrated wastes may be segregated from other streams of diluted wastes , so that there is substantial reduction in pollution load and the diluted wastes after minor treatment may be utilised for irrigation or for disposal into water courses .
This method can be used for treating tannery effluents .
Setting up of Common Effluent Treatment Plants : Small industries cannot afford treatment plants and they frequently discharge their effluents which can be seen stagnating near agricultural lands and on either sides of roads .
This crude method of disposal may be avoided by setting up a common effluent treatment plant where a cluster of industries are located .
Such common effluent treatment plants are coming up in Tamil Nadu at Ambur , Vaniyambadi and Ranipet where innumerable tanneries are located .
Bio - gas Production : What we consider waste may soon be converted into wealth .
The blue whales ( now nearing extinction ) which breed in the Gulf were starved as its food krill ( tiny planktonic crustaceans ) were destroyed by the oil .
Most coral reefs ( which shelter the fields of sea - grass and sea - weeds and which in turn constitute food for various marine life ) were also damaged beyond recovery .
Oil can get spilled during transfer from ship to shore or from ship to ship .
Spillage also occurs due to the incorrect operation of valves , etc . on ship - board or at oil terminals .
Generally , the spilt oil spreads into a circular patch very quickly , but when the oil spill is large , it tends to float in large ' islands ' separated by clean water .
The floating sheets of oil stretching for many kilometres affect the photosynthetic activity in oceans .
Since oil is not easily biodegradable and remains as it is for long periods ( though a certain amount is lost by evaporation of lighter fractions ) , tar balls form ov ^ r time .
In another natural process oil gets emulsified and breaks into droplets which sink to the bottom , pick up fine sand to form tar balls .
Formation of such tar balls poses a serious threat to marine life and seabirds .
The dumping of solid wastes as already stated , spoils the beauty of cities and towns , and causes health problems .
The garbage mountains become breeding grounds for disease - carrying vectors such as flies , mosquitoes , rats and cockroaches .
Reports indicate that about 8,00,000 flies can be produced in one cubic metre of garbage .
The flies which carry pathogenic organisms cause diseases such as dysentery , diarrohea , etc . Rats which are carriers of insects and other bio - organisms are responsible for causing plague as was recently witnessed in Surat in 1994 .
It is reported that about 25 human diseases are associated with the solid wastes .
The accumulation of solid waste is a mounting problem with no easy solution in sight .
Unlike other types of pollution , preventive measures cannot be adopted in this case .
Several solutions to the disposal problem have been proposed .
The present mode of management is to collect the refuse from various parts of the city , transport it to a remote place , where it is incinerated or composted or simply dumped again .
It is reported that as soon as the bomb fell , people rushed out , screaming and scrambling for water .
Their skin started peeling off , and killed nearly 70,000 people instantaneously .
By the end of the year the toll rose to about 1,40,000 .
Over the years , the survivors have had to cope with diseases such as lung cancer , breast cancer , radiation cataract and diseases of the plasma cells which invade , the bone marrow and suppress its functioning .
Nuclear explosion tests not only release radioactive materials affecting the test sites but also the remote corners , endangering flora and fauna of the - place .
Man has been continually exposed to natural sources of radiation , like cosmic radiations from outer space and sun ' s radiations .
Certain types of rocks and soils and radioactive gases also contribute to radiation .
Nuclear power plants no doubt help in the production of electricity .
At present about 17 per cent of the world ' s electricity is generated through nuclear sources .
Radiation therapy should be used only when absolutely necessary , and that too within the required limits .
Extreme care should be exercised in the disposal of radioactive wastes .
To elaborate further , in nuclear power plants three types of wastes are generated , viz . low level , medium level and high level .
Hitherto the low - level waste was generally diluted and let out into the sea .
Now it is buried at particular disposal sites .
The medium - level wastes which originate as sludges due to treatment processes , fuel reprocessing , etc . are chemically treated and stored in large , underground stainless steel tanks .
The high - level wastes are liquid wastes which emit excessive radiations and cannot be released into the environment .
Through evaporation they are concentrated and stored in double - walled stainless steel tanks with concrete casing and kept underground within concrete walls .
Here these wastes are converted into solid blocks of glass - like substances , by a process called vitrification .
Despite rigorous monitoring and surveillance of radiation , the safety of nuclear reactors is doubtful .
Nuclear scientists conclude that within safe limits , use of reactors in the service of mankind should be continued with constant vigil so as to contain the radiations .
By A . D . 2000 it is possible that no one above age ten will hear normally . "
- S . Kameswaran Hitherto we have been discussing varied types of pollution caused by materials .
A strange type of pollution that came to light in the last two decades ' is noise pollution .
While the effects of other types of pollution are reversible , the damage caused by noise is irreversible .
Due to the speed of rain - water , percolation and recharging of ground - water is not possible .
The net result is the drying up of streams , lakes and tanks .
All these disasters lead to enormous losses , poverty and suffering .
Besides aggravating poverty , irreversible large - scale climatic changes occur . Drought , hunger , floods and misery become inevitable .
In the Nilgiri district of Tamil Nadu about 680 sq km have been reported to be affected by soil erosion .
The Eastern Ghats too have become victims of denudation of forests .
The mountain chain once covered by luxuriant forests has now become barren land .
The Red Data Book ( which records birds and animals under extinction ) indicates that 139 species of birds and 106 species of animals have already become extinct , primarily due to deforestation .
Waste water after suitable treatment can be used for agriculture and aquaculture .
Most paper mills in India utilise their effluents for raising paddy , sugarcane , etc .
Recycling of industrial wastes and solid wastes to useful materials is slowly acquiring importance .
As our natural resources are dwindling fast , alternate energy sources have to be made use of .
For example , electricity can be generated from wind energy which incurs negligible operation costs and is environment friendly .
Instead of burning wood or coal as domestic fuel in rural areas , large plants for the production of bio - gas may be installed to ensure a regular supply of cooking gas to houses ( one such common unit is in operation in Punjab ) . To reduce the fuel consumption and pollution in homes , high efficiency burners and smokeless chulhas may be employed .
As stated earlier , about 80 per cent of pollution is caused by the affluent countries who constitute only 25 per cent of the world , but the rest 75 per cent have to bear the cost of revamping .
It is time for them to alter their lifestyle to render the world free from pollution .
She could wield the bow with her hands but not with her eyes .
One day while she was chasing a deer in the forest dressed in man ' s hunting costume , she came upon a man lying across her path .
She asked him haughtily to move aside but he took no heed .
Enraged , she pricked him with the sharp end of her bow .
" Then for the first time in my life I felt myself a woman , and knew that a man was before me . "
She asked him who he was .
" I am Arjuna of the great Kuru clan , " he replied .
The princess was stunned .
Here before her was the fabulous warrior whom every damsel of the age worshipped in her dreams .
Once a young teacher , a new comer at Santiniketan , asked him bluntly , " You talk so much of God , how much of it is from direct knowledge ? "
After a moment ' s silence , Tagore gently replied , " All I can truthfully say is that at times I have felt His presence more deeply and intimately when I am seized by a new song than in any other mood . "
Many of these songs bear witness to the current crisis of his spirit and the fluctuating moods he was passing through , now of elation , now of a vague foreboding .
" If the heart were not meant to love , then why Mast Thou filled the morning sky with songs , why this wonder of the stars in the sky , why this profusion of flowers on this earth , why these whispers in the wind ? "
He knows that he is going to be caught more and more in the turmoil of work and asks He is uneasy and not sure what the future has in store for him .
" I was going along my lonely path when the light in my hand went out .
This sudden storm which is driving me into the dark is now my only companion .
I have lost my known path and I stumble , not knowing when and where this night will find its morning . "
At first he was happy and felt as though he had till then been " living on half - rations " .
But ' soon an uneasiness crept over him , followed by a vague but intense agony , a premonition that a great disaster was about to overtake the world he loved so much .
There were no menacing clouds in the political horizon and the great war when it came , came suddenly in August .
How and why he should have sensed its advent , is difficult to explain .
That he felt it and felt it agonisingly is obvious from the letters he wrote and from the testimony of those who were with him and around him at that time .
" God knows it is the death pang that is tearing open my heart , " he wrote to Andrews .
When the play was staged in Germany during the author ' s visit in 1921 , one student from the audience stood up and said in broken English ( as Rabindranath recalled later ) that they had been told that an old man from the east would speak to them , but what he had heard was the youth of the east speaking .
Soon after writing Phalguni , Tagore had his first meeting with Gandhi in March 1915 .
Having done his work and won his fight in South Africa , Gandhi had returned to his country but had not yet made up his mind what he was going to do or where he was going to stay .
He had earlier disbanded his Phoenix colony and school in South Africa and had sent the boys , about twenty , to India .
Andrews who was the link between the two great men had suggested that the boys might be accommodated in Santiniketan until Gandhi came and made his own arrangements for an asrama of his own .
But they got on splendidly and Tagore grew to love Gandhi ' s boys as his own .
He found them " very nice " and " very lovable " , but as he wrote in a letter to Andrews , he wished they were not so " completely nice " .
Although Gandhi stayed for hardly a week in Santiniketan and had not yet become the Mahatma whose mere name was to cast a spell in later years , he left a permanent impress of his personality on the inmates of Santiniketan .
This was his second visit to the asrama ; he had come a month earlier when Tagore was not there .
Tagore , the pagan - lover , saw heaven where Gandhi failed to see it .
These two faces of modern India , one rugged , one chiselled , both equally luminous , represent two aspects of Indian sadhana or realisation of life ' s truth .
Few felt their join impact more sensitively or understood their inner kinship better than , the saintly Englishman , C . F . Andrews .
Let him estimate them whom he loved so well : " Personally , I have never in my whole life met anyone so completely satisfying the needs of friendship and intellectual understanding and spiritual sympathy as Tagore .
To be with him , to be at unison with him in some creative work , is a privilege which it is very difficult to state in words .
Indeed , it has been by far the greatest privilege of my life .
Side by side with the friendship with the poet , I have had the supreme happiness of a second personal friendship with Mahatma Gandhi .
His marvellous spiritual genius has appealed to me in a very different way .
He treated them as friendly neighbours across the border among whom he could spread his message through his southern administrators .
The tradition of rock - cut architecture and excavation into living rocks of chaityas and viharas of the Buddhists initiated by Asoka near Gaya was soon taken up in the trap - rock regions of the Deccan and western India , reproducing aspects of contemporary brick - and - timber originals which , because of the perishable nature of the fabric of their construction , did not survive the march of time .
In these cases stone cannot be said to have gone into actual construction which was still of brick .
Such associations of megalithic sites and stupa sites are numerous in the Deccan , Andhra and north Mysore areas , roughly coinciding with the southern tracts of the Mauryan empire and the regions where Buddhism , among other northern religions , had a greater influence .
This perhaps gave rise to the cult of the worship and reverence of the stupa , which is essentially funerary in content as well as by association .
This was easily assimilable in this area which had an earlier megalithic tradition .
But contemporary literature speaks of Buddhism , along with the three other religions from the north which appear to have had a stronger hold in this area , particularly Hinduism and Jainism .
The Ajivikas are heard of even towards the close of the first milennium AD and perhaps they merged into Jainism , which was predominantly Digambara , and had strong footholds in the southern Mysore or Kannada region also .
The megalithic cult was popular and worship and veneration of funerary monuments are frequently described , particularly the nadukal or stone erection ( menheir or megalith ) with offerings in - eluding toddy and animal sacrifice , keeping lamps lighted , and oblations of large quantities of boiled rice in heaps ( perumchoru or pavadai ) .
The dead , according to the literary evidence , were believed to have become stone itself which had acquired divine properties .
It is a carved slab of Palnad limestone of about the fourth century AD and perhaps formed the top piece of a brick platform .
It was probably originally installed in a shrine for worship .
Recent excavations in the Gudimallam temple in Chittoor on the Tamil Nadu - Andhra border have revealed the fact that the linga with its pitha , both of sandstone , were originally hypaethral in the second century BC .
THE ROOFED TEMPLES Where roofed structures were built enshrining such platforms , cult objects , symbols or iconic representations , they imitated secular buildings in the plan and style of construction .
The only difference was that the temples were made of more permanent material , like brick and wrought timber , more lavishly decorated with plaster , stucco , carving and painting , and often larger in dimensions in contrast to the humbler mud - and - wattle - walled , thatch - roofed houses of the common folk .
None of these temples has survived in the Tamil land though we have enough word pictures of these simple or storeyed constructions in the Tamil Sangam classics .
Evidently these names indicate different plans and styles of construction .
Had their temples survived , they too would not have differed much in form from the Hindu or Jain temples of those days .
Architecturally , these simple shrines , replicas of contemporary secular dwellings , were square , oblong , circular , elliptical and apsidal , rarely hexagonal or octagonal and were built of timber or brick .
Such religious and secular structures are indicated in the early bas - relief sculptures belonging to the centuries immediately before and after Christ , e . g . Barhut and Sanchi in the north and Amaravati and Nagarjunakonda and other places in the south .
They have already been indicated as being plans in the representation of tree - temples or vriksha - chaityas , Buddhist stupas , and Bodhi - mandas ( Podi - manram in Tamil ) .
The square buildings have their roofs converging to a point ( kuta ) , the circular or octagonal ones likewise have domical roofs ( kuta ) , the oblong ones have vault - like or wagon - top - like ( sala ) or occasionally gabled roofs ( sabha ) , as in Sitamarhi and Sone Bhandar , and the elliptical ones have inverted keel - shaped roofs with a long ridge and a number of finials ( also called sala ) .
The front view of the apsidal structures can be noted in many of these relief sculptures .
From the extant literary descriptions , from the sculptural representations in relief , and from the few excavated relics ( as , for example , the circular shrine at Bairat , others at Nagarjunakonda and Salihundam , and the standing ones in Chejerla and Ter in Andhra and western Decccan ) , one can infer that the roofs of these brick - and - timber structures were either supported on their pillars , the intervening space being covered by screen walls , or they were raised totally on their walls with the pillars , if any , represented only as ornamental pilasters externally .
Often the brick wall had an internal system of pillars standing close to them to form additional supports for the beams and timbering of the superstructure and the roof .
The entire structure was often built over a solid masonry platform or adhishthana .
The apsidal Guntupalle chaitya ( second century AD ) is wholly brick - built .
The image in the Pushpabhadrasvami temple , referred to by that name in the inscription on the dvajasthamba as ' Mahadeva Pushpabhadrasvamin ' , was enshrined in an apsidal garbha - griha .
The icon of Ashtabhujasvamin , according to the inscription relating to its installation , dated AD 278 was of wood , eight - armed , and was installed on a stone pedestal that carried the inscription .
The inscription on a conch ( sankha ) found at the same site also bears the same name .
This temple built of large - sized bricks shows no external pilaster markings on its wall , except at the two front ends which are not original .
It is perhaps of the Vishnukundini times and was meant originally for a Buddhist dedication .
In all these excavations the roughness of the texture , even of finished surface , necessitated a plaster coating to render it smooth .
Further embellishments came by way of rich paintings of which we have many extant as the celebrated paintings of Ajanta .
This caught on quickly and in the last four centuries of the millennium a vast number of such temples had been created all over the south , from the Deccan to very near the Cape .
These , incidentally , are far more numerous than similar excavations in the north .
It is a curious fact that these rock - cut or stone - built temples of the period , though created by great kings or with their patronage , were almost totally ignored by the contemporary Tamil hymnists .
This was perhaps because they were innovations that avoided the use of traditional materials of architecture and sculpture and as such militated against the sampradaya .
Evidently , it took them time to become acceptable .
The output in terms of rock - cut temples of the Pallavas and after them the contemporary Pandyas and minor dynasties like the Muttaraiyars of the Thanjavur region in between , and of the rulers in the Kerala area is far greater in hard rock than it is in softer rocks of the Chalukyas , the Rashtrakutas , the Eastern Chalukyas and the Telugu Cholas of the Deccan and coastal Andhra areas .
The Pallava cave - temples form a more coherent series and as such can be considered first .
THE PALLAVA : MAHENDRA STYLE CAVE - TEMPLES The simple cave - temples of Mahendra ( c . AD 580 - 630 ) consist of a pillared verandah with shrine - cell or cells cut into either the rear or the side walls of the verandah or hall , depending on which way the main facade of the verandah or mandapa faced .
Thus in mandapas facing south or north , the single shrine - cell or cells were often cut into the lateral walls so as to face east or west , while in madapas facing east or west the shrine - cell or cells were cut into the hind wall of the mandapa .
These , as all rock - cut architecture , are necessarily designed to show the interior aspect of the structural monuments they imitated .
The cave - temples excavated by Mahendra are authenticated by his own inscriptions which are very often single dedicatory verses or strings of his titles .
Such temples are ten in number .
Nine of them are : the Lakshitayatana dedicated to the trimurti at Madagappattu , the so - called Pancha Pandava cave - temple at Pallavaram ( now converted into a Muslim dargah ) , the Rudravalisvaram or Cave - temple No . II at Mamandur dedicated to Siva , the Kal mandapam cave - temple at Kuranganilmuttam , very similar to the Pallava inscriptions , the Vasantesvaram or larger cave - temple at Vallam , dedicated to Siva , the Mahendra Vishnu - griha cave - temple at Mahendravadi , the Vishnu cave - temple or Cave - temple No . 1 at Mamandur , the Satrumallesvaralaya cave - temple at Dalavanur dedicated to Siva , and the Avanibhajana Pallavesvara - griha cave - temple at Siyamangalam .
All of them are located roundabout the Pallava capital of Kanchi and the port town of Mahabalipuram ( Mamallapuram ) in the Chingleput , North Arcot , and South Arcot districtscomprising the Pallava home province of Tondaimandalam ( the region situated to the north , west and south of modern Madras ) .
The Lalitankura Pallavesvara - griha , or the upper rock - cut cave - temple at Tiruchirapalli , is the solitary one farthest from the capital , situated in the Cholamandalam on the bank of the Kaveri up to which boundary Mahendravarman inherited the kingdom from his father , Simha Vishnu .
This cave - temple is also the only example excavated near the summit of the hill , while the rest are nearer to the base of the rocks .
The unfinished rock - cut temples at Vilappakkam ( North Arcot district ) and Aragandanallur ( South Arcot district ) would also , on stylistic grounds , belong to the Mahendra style .
The facade is longer with four , six or eight equally - spaced pillars between the extreme pilasters and with three , five , or seven shrine - cells .
The pillars are all massive , short , square in section at the base and top , with the middle third of the height octagonal in section .
They carry massive corbels with bevelled or curved ends , sometimes with the faces carved as a series of rolls , the tamnga , with a median flat band , the patta .
A massive beam is cut above the corbels , but there is no well - formed cornice projection , or kapota , the rough rock brow itself acting as one .
In the earliest cave - temple where the shrines for the trinityBrahma , Siva and Vishnuare but deep plain niches cut into the rear wall , the two dvarapalas are found one on either side of the facade of the mandapa .
The Vasantesvaram at Vallam , the Vishnu cave - temple of Mahiendravadi and Mamandur and the Avanibhajanas cave - temple at Siyamangalam are examples of cave - temples with a single shrine - cell cut into the hind wall of the mandapa .
The Rudravalisvaram of Mamandur and the Kalmandakam cave - temple at Kuranganilmuttam are examples with three shrine - cells , as at Mandagappattu .
The four additional cells , two on each lateral wall of the ardha - and mukha - mandapas of the Kalmandakam temple , are later additions to the original scheme of three cells on the rear wall . The Pallavaram cave - temple has five shrine - cells , while the unfinished Vilappakkam cave - temple has seven shrine - cells .
The similar unfinished Aragandanallur cave - temple , with four pillars and two pilasters on the facade and in the hind row , would indicate five shrine - cells on the rear wall still uncut .
Thus the number and disposition of shrines on the rear wall would correspond to the pillars of the mandapa in front , each shrine - opening coming in between two equally - spaced pillars , or a pillar and a pilaster .
This along with the equal , inter - columniation would contrast with the arrangement of the wider central nave and the narrow lateral aisles of the earlier Buddhist examples followed by the contemporary and later examples of the Chalukya - Rashtrakuta series .
The facades as well as the shrines of the Kalmandakam , Rudravalisvaram , Vasantesvaram and the Vishnu cave - temples of Mahendravadi and Mamandur face almost east , while those at Mandagappattu , Vilappakkam and Siyamangalam face almost west .
Pallavaram is the only example in the series where the mandapa facade and shrine - cells face south .
The Lalitankura and Satrumalla cave - temples at Tiruchirapalli and Dalavanur are examples with the mandapa facing south and the shrine cut into the lateral wallthe eastern one at Tiruchirapalli and the western one ait Dalavanurso that the shrines face west and east respectively .
In the Dalavanur cave - temple the larger mandapa , with a single row of pillars and pilaster on the facade , indicates an inner division of the front and rear portions of the mandapa by a difference in the floor levels .
This too is rock - cut and stands on the floor of the ardha - mandapa on a distinct plinth at a still higher level .
In the case of the Tiruchirapalli cave - temple , an inner row of pillars and pilasters is cut very close to the hind wall with a narrow passage in between it and the wall .
The cell on the east faces west into the front part of the mandapa between the inner and outer rows of columns .
This is a feature not quite Pallava , but rather reminiscent of the cave - temples in the Pandyan country , for example , the one at Tirup - parankunram .
Incidentally , the Lalitankura Pallavesvaram cave - temple of Tiruchirapalli is the southernmost Pallava cave - temple nearer to the borders of the Pandya territory .
The Siyamangalam cave - temple has small relief panels of sculpture on top of the pilasters .
The shrine - cells , or garbha - grihas , in all these cases are empty and do not contain either a rock - cut linga or linga - pitha , as is common in the Pandya , Muttaraiyar and Chalukyan cave - temples .
The Siyamangalam cave - temple is unique even otherwise , in having small sculpture panels on top of the facade pillars and pilasters in place of the lotus medallion .
The two panels on top of the two pilasters depict , respectively , a dancing form of Siva , or tandava murtiperhaps the earliest such representation in Pallava sculptures , and Siva and Uma standing with the bull behind them depicting the form called Vrishabhantikamurti .
Mahendra ' s son , Narasimhavarman Mamalla ( 630 - 68 ) and his lineal successors , Mahendravarman II ( 668 - 72 ) , Paramesvara I ( 672 - 700 ) , and Rajasimha ( 700 - 728 ) continued the tradition started by Mahendra I and excavated a number of cave - temples in the Mahendra style in the course of the century .
The Singavaram and Singaperumalkovil cave - temples are dedicated to Vishnu , the Kotikal mandapam to Durga and the rest to Siva .
While none of the Siva cave - temples contain a rock - cut linga in the sanctum , the two Vishnu cave - temples have in the sanctum stucco figures of the deities now modernized .
The Kotikal mandapam of Durga has no sculpture of Durga inside the sanctum , though the dedication is indicated by the female dvarapalikas on either side of the shrine entrance as also by the name of the temple .
The Atiranachanda mandapam of Rajasimha , the last of the series , alone contains a bas - relief panel of Siva as Somaskanda , with Uma and Skanda sitting beside him and Brahma and Vishnu standing on either side of the group behind .
Two more such Somaskanda reliefs are found carved on the hind wall of the mandapa on either side of the shrine entrance .
It would appear that while Mahendravarman I broke the tradition of the wooden and brick - and - mortar temples and excavated temples in stone , he could not go far enough to change the traditional material of which the principal deity in the sanctum was made .
This had to wait for a few decades till Paramesvaravarman I , in the last quarter of the seventh century , introduced for the first time among other innovations the carving of the principal deity as a relief on the back wall of the shrine .
In Rajasimha ' s cave - temple , the Atiranachanda mandapam , a black polished , fluted or sixteen - sided stone linga ( dhara - linga ) also came to be planted on the floor of the sanctum in front of the Somaskanda relief on the hind wall .
This indicated the commencement in the Pallava territory with the installation of the formless linga to represent Siva .
The space between them is equal but wider .
The kapota over the facade is still an undifferentiated , projecting rock - ledge over the beam .
The only example with triple shrine - cells is the Dharmaraja mandapam or Atyantakama Pallava ' s cave temple where the two lateral shrine - cells are simple excavations , which are perhaps later additions , without definite shrine front , as is found in the case of the main central one .
All these cave - temples have only two pillars and two pilasters on the mandapa facade , and a similar set behind , inside the mandapa wherever there is such a demarcation of ardha - and mukha - mandapas , as in the Ranganathan cave - temple , the Orukkal mandapam , and Dharmaraja mandapam .
The pillars have the top and bottom sadurams and intervening kattu , while the pilasters are uniformly four - sided as in Mahendravarman ' s cave - temples except that in the Singavaram Ranganathan cave - temple the pilasters like the pillars are demarcated and have lotus medallions on the saduram faces .
This cave - temple is the only example in the series which has an outer pair of dvarapalas at either end of the mandapa facade .
The inner pair flanking the shrine entrance is in common with the rest .
In the Orukkal mandapam , however , there are relief sculptures of standing Brahma and Vishnu on the rear wall , one on either side of the shrine entrance and beyond the dvarapalas .
In the Singavaram cave - temple , as at Siyamangalam , there are small panel reliefs of two female devotees on top of the pilasters of the inner row .
The last series of Pallava temples dated after AD 730 are small and less interesting .
They mark the decadent phase of this type of rock architecture in Tondaimandalam .
The cell contains on its hind wall a flat bas - relief of standing Vishnu .
This and the other almost similar excavation , both below the larger Mahendra cave - temple , are rather feeble attempts , considering the fact that they are rather crude , small in proportion and shallow in depth .
THE PALLAVA : MAMALLA STYLE CAVE - TEMPLES Mahendra ' s great son and successor , Narasimhavarman I Mamalla ( 630 - 668 ) , in addition to excavating some Mahendra style cave - temples like the Orukkal mandapam and the Kotikal mandapam described earlier , initiated a new and more ornate series of cut - in cave - temples .
This was in addition to his unique invention of totally cut - out monolithic temple forms , or vimanas , the so - called rathas , and some open air bas - relief compositions of considerable size and superb quality , all confined to the great Pallava port - city of Mamallapuram or Mahabalipuram .
These ornate cave - temples that Mamalla initiated were mostly completed in stages by his immediate successors for two generations , who also created a few monuments in the same style and at the same place .
The mandapa facade has a fully represented entablature , or prastara , which constitutes all the architectural parts coming over the beam and including it , as against what is seen in the Mahendra - style cave - temples .
The prastara is fully finished with a flexed kapota , or an eaves - like cornice projection , decorated by horseshoe - shaped kudu arches .
This contains bas - relief Jain tirthankara sculptures on the hind wall of the shrine and in the niches on the lateral walls of the mandapa in front .
Among the cave - temples that have the shrine - cell on one of the lateral walls of the mandapa may be mentioned the Satyagirisvara or Siva cave - temple at Tirumayam , the southern cave - temple at Malai - yakkovil , the Siva cave - temple at Tirumalapuram ( Tirunelveli district ) , and the Umaiyandar cave - temple on the southern face of the rock at Tirup - parankunram .
In the case of some cave - temples , like the Siva cave - temple at Malai - yadippatti , the cave - temple at Pillaiyarpatti , and the cave - temple in Muvaraivenran ( Ramanathapuram district ) the shrine part occupies , as it were , a corner of the oblong mandapam , which thus encloses it on two sidesin front and on one of the flanks , suggesting a partial copy of a model with a central shrine and a surrounding mandapam with a greater part of it in front .
Such a plan is not to be found commonly in the Pallava examples except in the case of the Pancha Pandava mandapam of Mahabalipuram and the unfinished Cave - temple IV at Mamandur .
The cave - temple at Trikkur , near Trichur in Kerala , is a large excavation of a square chamber with a lingo , at the centre .
This has also a third shrine cut into the rear walls of the mandapa , in addition to the two thus excavated into either end walls of the mandapam .
While the mandapa - type facade pillar with a cubical base and top and an octagonal belt in between is the general rule , as in the Mahendra - style cave - temples , there are often variations .
For example , in the Malai - yakkovil at Kudumiyamalai capital components like the kalasa , kumbha , etc . are cut on tops of the facade columns .
' They are Ganesa , the Saptamatrika and Jyeshtha .
The Ganesa and the Saptamatrika cults would thus appear to have come into the far south from the Chalukyan area through the Ganga region , before they penetrated the Tondaimandalam of the Pallavas .
These two are not to be seen in any of the Pallava cave - temples , till they make their first appearance in the structural temples of Rajasimha Pallava ( 700 - 725 ) as , for example , in the Kailasanatha at Kanchi .
In the far South , Ganesa is to be found in the cave - temples at Pillaiyarpatti , Kudumiyamalai , Malai - yakkovil ( southern cave - temple ) , Tirugokarnam , Kunnandarkovil , Tiruvellarai ( Siva cave - temple ) , Devarmalai , Tirukkalakkudi , Tiruchirapalli ( lower cave - temple ) , Tikimalapuram , Kunnakkudi , Muvaraivenran , Tirup - parankunram ( larger cave - temple ) , Sevilippatti , Kunnattur ( Nilakanthesvara ) , Virasikhamani and Arittapatti .
The Saptamatrika group is met with in the cave - temples at Tirugokarnam , Malai - yadippatti , Tirukkalakkudi and Kunnattur .
While many of the cave - temples dedicated to Siva have a rock - cut linga with a pitha in the shrine , there are others where the iconic forms of Siva are represented as bas - reliefs on the rear wall of the sanctum .
There is often a small cistern or pit cut into the floor of the sanctum below the projected channel - spout on the top of the linga - pitha or image pedestal to receive and collect the abhisheka water .
This feature is unknown in the Pallava temples , whether cave , monolithic or structural , but is found in the Chalukyan area and in the far - off temples of the Dieng valley in Java ( Indonesia ) .
THE CHALUKYA AND RASHTRAKUTA CAVE - TEMPLES OF THE DECCAN The Chalukyas of Badami from the middle of the sixth century AD and the Rashtrakutas of Manyakheta who supplanted them effectively in the middle of the eighth century , together with the Eastern Chalukyas of Vengi have left a number of cave - temples in the region between the Tapti and the north Pennar rivers , extending from coast to coast .
The Chalukyas of Vengi were a collateral line that had independently started ruling the Andhra coast from the commencement of the seventh century under Kubja Vishnuvardhana , the intrepid brother of Pulakesin II , and continued throughout the period .
The cave - temples are to be found at Badami , Aihole , Ellora , Bhokardan , Elephanta , Jogeshvari , Poona , Arvelam ( Goa ) , Mahur , Advi Somanpalli , Vijayawada , Mogulrajapuram , Undavalli , Sitaramapuram , Penamaga and Bhairavakonda .
The choice of all these dynasties was the local soft - stone formations , viz . sandstone , as in Badami and Aihole and in most other places , laterite , as at Aryelam on the extreme west coast , schist as at Bhairavakonda , and trap on the north - west Deccan and western India around Aurangabad , Poona and Bombay .
The Western Gangas alone despite their Chalukyan affinities as stated before made a deviation in that they excavated into the hard local granite as at Melkote ( Mysore ) .
The eastern branch of the Chalukyas , ruling from Vengi , though excavating into soft rocks , followed a different mode and design in their cave - temples , which took in what was prevalent in eastern Andhra and northern Tamil Nadu , or Tondaimandalam , with Pallava affinities , thus inaugurating what was to be a distinct Andhra tradition , as opposed to what the Badami Chalukyas did for Kannada tradition and culture .
The Chalukya - Rashtrakuta domination of the areas to the west resulted in the upper Deccan affiliations becoming quite distinct from what obtained in the lower Deccan , thus exhibiting two regional idioms .
The skills and traditions that had prevailed for more than eight centuries among the local guilds of craftsmen thus continued in the generations that took up Hindu and Jain rock architecture and cave art .
These are reached by a natural incline in front with steps .
The earliest and largest one is Cave III excavated by Mangalesa in AD 578 and dedicated to Vishnu .
It is cut at the most commanding height visible from the valley in front .
There are no Vaishnava friezes on the ceiling in the front mandapa of Siva Cave I while they are present in the earlier Caves II and III , which are Vaishnava .
The Jain cave - temple of a still later date is replete with Jain sculptures and cameos , while the other three are noted for some of their bold wall sculptures , mostly subsequent additions .
In respect of the sculpture panels , even in Cave III of Badami , the earliest of the series , it has been demonstrated ( by A . Lippe ) on the basis of technical and stylistic evidence that , they , barring the Vaikunfhanatha ( seated Vishnu ) and Varaha murti , are not coeval with the cave excavation , but additions , made at a slightly later time , about the middle of the seventh century , possibly after the period of Pallava occupation of Badami by Mamalla .
Of the two rock - cut cave - temples at Aihole ( Bijapur district ) while the one called Ravalagudi is dedicated to Siva , dating about AD 700 , the other one of a slightly later date is a Jain temple .
Both are excavated into the low sandstone outcrops , and mark the latest of the early Chalukyan or Western Chalukyan series in their home districts .
In front of the shrine there is an inner pradakshina - mandapa between two rows of four pillars each , forming part of the circumambulatory passage round the shrine .
On the southern side of this court , a smaller cave - temple for Durga is excavated into the scarp .
Into this a smaller Siva cave - temple is cut , consisting of a square shrine with a mandapa in front .
This cave - temple may have to be placed in the middle of the second quarter of the seventh century , while Ellora Cave 29 ( Dhumarlena ) , which is to a large extent its copy , should be placed in the beginning of the last quarter of the same century .
The Jogeshvari cave - temple in Salsette , near Bombay , which is excavated into an almost underground low trap outcrop , is larger in area than the Elephanta cave , but is essentially of the same type .
Trenching on three sides all round a marked area into the rock outcrop isolated a large rectangular mass on which the scarps for the excavation were prepared .
At the eastern and longer end a large gateway or mahadvara is carved with a central passage and flanking mandapas on either side , one of them enshrining Ganesa .
The mahadvara leads into an open court and the eastern facade , which is an agra - mandapa with a higher floor - level .
The main part of the temple beyond consists of a square chaturmukha shrine surrounded by a pillared cloister with six pillars on each side , counting the corner ones too .
This is surrounded again by an outer astylar cloister , or mandapa , with a lower floor - level enclosed by the rock walls on all sides except for an entrance each on the east and the west , and for three on the south .
On the western side there is another agra - mandapa , similar to the one on the east , which leads out and up through a narrow tunnel to the road beyond .
On the southern side , the main mandapa leads through its three openings , with a fine over - door frame round the central one flanked by two intermediate windows , to an extension on this side , which is in the form of an outer open mandapa with a row of ten pillars and two pilasters on its southern facade .
Outside this is a narrow open court .
The rock wall beyond has incomplete or abandoned excavations of a smaller size , of which the one at the extreme end is dedicated to Siva .
The original dedication of the main sanctum was to Siva , though the temple now enshrines a modern idol of a goddess .
The Patalesvara ( or Panchalesvar ) cave on Jangli Maharaj Road in Poona , cut into a low trap rock , is unique in that it has a triple - shrine with common pradakshina round it , a circular front pavilion for Nandi , and a side shrine for Durga .
The three shrine - cells were perhaps dedicated to the Hindu trinity , the central one to Siva and the lateral ones to Brahma and Vishnu .
All these features would point to the second half of the eighth century as its date in the Rashtrakuta times .
The group of two adjacent cave - temples at Arvelam in Goa is a rare instance of excavation into the local laterite of the west coast overlooking a stream .
One of them , the southern cave - temple , is a triple - celled unit containing in each unit a linga mounted on a rock - cut pitha .
The linga forms in their symbolic aspect differ from one another and represent three different deities .
The central linga is the normal Chalukyan - type sivalinga ; the one in the southern cella is a linga shaft surmounted by a solar disc representing Surya or the sun - god , with an inscription below the disc specifically mentioning it as a Surya form .
The linga shaft in the northern cell is surmounted by a flat spear - head , or sakti , indicating that it represents Kumara or Kartikeya .
The most outstanding feature of the rock - cut cave art has been , from the Buddhist times , the dominance of sculpture over architecture .
This was facilitated largely by the softness of the stone material and the urge to exploit spaces , as on the pillars , on the walls between pilasters , and even on the ceiling .
The different god - forms sculptured are depicted often in the narrative or synoptic panels .
They vary in size from very large - sized individual figures , as the dvarapalas , Mahesamurti , etc . to almost the size of cameos .
While the linga symbolizing Siva in his aniconic aspect with the characteristic linga - pitha , called avudaiyar , is absent as organically rock - cut with the cave itself in the earlier stages of the Pallava cave - temples , they appear as integral rock - cut forms of the Pandya - Muttaraiyar series , coinciding chronologically with the later Pallava structural phase .
But in the north of the Tamil country , in the Chalukya - Rashtrakuta cave - temples , the presence of the rock - cut linga - pitha , though not always along with the linga on it , would suggest a continuity with the earlier prevailing trends in that area .
These linked up with such finds of an earlier period from Karvan ( Kayarohana ) , associated with Lakulisathe founder of the pasupata creed , would indicate the gradual spread of the linga cult southwards during the centuries , reaching Tamil Nadu in the beginning of the eighth century AD .
The iconographic forms noticed in the Badami group include , among Vaishnava forms , Varaha , Trivikrama , Narasimha , Anantasayin , Vaikunthanatha , Vishnu , and Vaishnavite legends and Krishna - lila in friezes .
The Siva forms are tandava murti , Harihara , and Ardhanari .
Among the others are Ganesa , Kartikeya , Durga and Mahishamardini .
At Aihole ( Ravalapudi or Ravalagudi ) , we have Varaha , Harihara , Ardhanari , Gangadhara , Saptamatrikas , Mahishamardini and the two nidhis .
The Ganesalena at Ellora depicts also the Shanmata or six - fold cult of Surya , Vishnu , Siva , Kartikeya , Ganesa and Durga .
The mandapa facade has on top a fully formed kapota with kudus as in the Mamalla - style cave - temples of the Pallavas .
The pillars are square in section and of the Chalukyan pattern as found in the cave - temples on the banks of the Krishna .
In some , the pillars have lion caryatids on top and are also lion - based , with capital components above as in the Mamalla - style cave - temples .
The shrine entrances are plain and without any over - door .
These mixed characters and other features , as also the presence of relief sculptures of Brahma and Vishnu in the mandapa , provision for a linga in the shrine , and the presence of other sculptures like Chandesa and Ganesa , and the rock - cut Nandi , would indicate their non - Paliava origin and their date as being the middle of the eighth century .
These are in fact large sculptures , of architectural models carved out of sectioned masses of standing rocks , or out of entire boulders of the intractable granite gneiss rocks of Mahabalipuram .
The germ of the idea of cutting out an entire temple form lies in the carved - out stupas inside the rock - cut chaitya halls of western India .
The idea was further elaborated by the Buddhists in the large hypaethral stupa forms at Sankaram ( Visakhapatnam district , Andhra Pradesh ) .
The larger vimanas with panchatala and more storeys reaching up to sixteen , are mentioned in the Silpa text as mukhya vimanas .
A case in point is the great Brihadisvara vimana of Thanjavur , which rises to a height of over 60 metres .
The most characteristic and general feature of the southern vimana is the presence of a string of miniature vimana - like shrines on top of each storey , above the prastara set on its periphery , and surrounding the body , or harmya , of the next tala .
They are Nandis or bhutas in Siva temples , lions in Devi , Vishnu or Jain temples , garuda in Vishnu temples , and so on .
This became an invariable feature of the southern temples from this period onwards .
Thus the credal or denominational character and the type of the consecration of a temple can be recognized even from a distance from the nature of the vahanas , or lanchanas placed on the topmost tala .
According to the planfour - sided , polygonal or curvilinearthe southern vimanas are classified in the southern Silpa and Agama texts as Nagara , Dravida and Vesara .
That which is hexagonal or octagonal from the base to the finial , or has a hexagonal or octagonal griva and sikhara , is termed Dravida .
These are called kshudranasikas , since they are smaller than similar projections from the sides of the main griva sikhara part of the vimana which are the maha nasikas and originally functioned as ventilators .
It will be seen that the hara in most of the Mamalla - style cave - temples is a string of oblong salas alone , and the kutas at the extremes of each side , coinciding with the corners and hence called karnakutas , are to be found for the first time in the Pancha Pandava cave - temple .
While the salas along the lengths of each side and the karnakutas at the corners are found in most of the monolithic vimanas , the nida or panjara as the third element of the ham makes its appearance only in two cases , namely , over the first tala of the Dharmaraja ratha and the second tala of the Nakula - Sahadeva ratha completed towards the close of the seventh century .
Though this is not repeated in the alpa vimanas with one , two or three talas of the structural phase , both of the Chalukyas and the Pallavas , the nida appears as an invariable constituent of the larger jati and mukhya vimanas from the eighth century onwards .
The ham may stand apart from the central harmya of the tala that it surrounds , leaving a narrow circumambulatory passage in between as in the Dharmaraja ratha where all the talas are intended to be functional , each with a cella .
This scheme of anarpita hara was possible in the case of vimanas where the cella was sandhara , or enclosed by a double wall , with circumambulatory interspace between the two walls and with the inner wall rising to a greater height to form the second tala harmya , while the outer wall rose to the height of the aditala alone carrying over its prastara and hara .
Though a few such vimanas are to be found built from the Pallava times onwards , a universal extension of the scheme in all cases of vimanas of the mukhya class would have resulted in ponderous , squat edifices of uncouth proportion of base and height , the former much larger in area as compared to the height .
A third variant would be the one with the addition of a flexed kapota or cornice below the pattika region .
A jagati or kumuda may also be placed over a series of lotus petals shown as spread over the upana .
While the unitary type of the southern temple in its simplest form consisted merely of the vimana proper enclosing the garbha - griha , with a porch - like antarala or ardha - mandapa , with the growth of the Agama and rituals , elaboration set in .
Mandapas , such as the maha - mandapa , mukha - mandapas , agra - mandapas etc . were added axially , and soon peripherally also like the utsava sthapana and the sabha - mandapas .
The mandapas of the southern temples are all flat - roofed , however long or large they may be .
Occasionally one finds them slopy - roofed if the local climatic conditions so demand as , for instance , on the west coast and the extreme tip of the peninsula .
This is in sharp contrast to what obtains in the northern prasada temples whether of Gujarat , Orissa or central India .
There one invariably finds pyramidally rising or , tiered superstructures terminating in a finial over the roofs of the mandapa in the axial or transverse line of the main prasada , the superstructures being of the ghantasamavarana type , or its simplified pitha - peda type .
The two bas - relief replicas in miniature on either flank of the facade of the Ramanuja mandapa cave - temple are likewise ekatala , Nagara forms , but with their cella empty .
Their adhishthana stands over a larger moulded platform , which would form the upa - pitha , an optional member , often introduced in the design to elevate the height of a vimana .
A similar bas - relief miniature of an ekatala vimana of a hexagonal section from base to apex is depicted inside the front sikhara arch ( torana mukhapatti ) of the apsidal Nakula - Sahadeva ratha .
This with a uniform polygonal plan from base to apex would conform to the pure Dravida class of southern vimanas as described in the texts .
What would appear to be tall and column - like dvitala , or two - storeyed forms of the pure Vesara vimanas , circular in section from base to apex , are represented by the identical miniature reliefs found one at either end of the wagon - top sikhara of the Ganesa ratha .
The trimurti cave - temple at Mahabalipuram differs from the other rock - cut mandapa - type cave - temples of the Mahendra or Mamalla style , in that it represents only the vimana - or shrine - fronts of three contiguous units in bold relief without the frontal mandapa component .
The entrances of the three vimana fronts are guarded by appropriate dvarapala figures carved inside the niches .
It is inside a niche placed over the moulded adhishthana having a flight of steps in front , as in the adjoining trimurti shrine .
The five rathas at the southern end of Mahabalipuram comprise a group by themselves .
Of these the Draupadi , Arjuna , Bhima and Dharmaraja rathas standing in a line are cut out of a single whale - back rock extending north - south and severed into three convenient sections .
The northernmost section of lesser height has been utilized for cutting out the shorter Draupadi ratha and the storeyed Arjuna ratha , with a common platform , or upa - pitha for both , below their separate adhishthanas .
The fifth rathathe Nakula - Sahadeva ratha which is apsidal or of gaja - prishtha ( elephant back ) form and the adjoining sculpture of the elephant , both facing south , have been carved out of another smaller rock that stood independently in front on the west of the Draupadi and Arjuna rathas .
The central mass that intervened between the two rathas was retained and cut out as a large sculpture of a recumbent Nandi facing west .
They are replicas of ekatala Nagara vimanas , square in section from base to apex .
The much damaged remains of a monolithic vimana are to be found in Vijayawada , in front of the upper cave - temple of the Akkanria - Madanna group .
In the precincts of the apsidal brick tempfe of Kapotesvara at Chejerla ( Guntur district ) are to be found a number of miniature shrine models , monolithic in character , evidently of a votive nature .
These would also recall similar models found in the temple precincts at Satyavolu , Mahanandi and Alampur in the adjoining Kurnool district .
While the contemporary Western Chalukyas of Badami , who were forging ahead with their structural stone temples , did not take up the carved - out monolithic mode of the Pallavas , the Rashtrakutas , who soon replaced the Chalukyas in their own territory , took it up with zest and , among others , created at Ellora the greatest and largest monolithic version of a southern temple complex that is familiarly known as the Kailasa .
This creation of Rashtrakuta Krishna I ( 756 - 775 ) is rather unique .
By treriching vertically down into the sloping hill on all sides of a chosen area at right angles up to the base of the rock , an oblong central mass ( about 60m x 30m ) was isolated and in front of it , beyond the wider front trench , a further trench isolated a narrower transversely oblong mass stretching across like a wall .
The larger oblong mass , longer from front to rear than from side to side , afforded the material for carving out the complex of the main vimana and its axial mandapas , as also two tall and stout freestanding monolithic pillars on either side in front surrounded by an open courtyard formed by trenches on all the sides .
The forecourt on the front , measuring 90m x 60m , was cut wider than on the sides and it is on the two sides of this that the two monolithic free - standing pillars are found carved .
The much narrower , transversely oblong mass in front afforded the material for the carving out of a front gopura entrance , with the two wings of prakara walls on either side .
The gopura is double - storeyed with a sala sikhara on top and a passage cut through its lower part to provide access to the forecourt in front and the circumambulatory passage round the base of the main vimana complex .
The upper storey is connected with the floor of the Nandi - mandapa .
This is likewise conceived as a two - storeyed structure with the lower storey solid and non - functional and serving only as a raised platform , despite the external markings of all the architectural features of an aditala , and the upper functional , containing Nandi inside .
The main part of the temple beyond consists essentially of a vimana containing the sanctum with an antrala , or ardha - mandapa , and a closed maha - mandapa axially in front .
The whole axial series is raised over a highly ornate plinth with its top platform supported , as it were , over a frieze of boldly carved fronts of elephants , lions and a number of mythological animals .
Behind this on the hill are the remains of an unfinished sala - type edifice , monolithic likewise and akin to the Bhima and Ganesa rathas of the Pallavas .
The monolithic Nandi - mandapa in front of Cave 15 at Ellora with an inscription of Rashtrakuta Dantidurga is perhaps a slightly earlier carved - out monolith in this region .
The smaller and much later Jain monolith version of the Kailasa vimana , also of the Rashtrakuta period at Ellora , is popularly called the Chota Kailasa .
There is another chaumukh standing in the forecourt of Cave 33 .
The stele is placed at the centre of the sanctum floor and is visible through the doors from all four sides .
The Chota Kailasa stands farther away and higher up .
As against these Pallava and Rashtrakuta creations , the contribution by the contemporary Pandyas of the far south to this series is the exquisitely carved Vettuvankovil monolith at Kalugumalai ( Tirunelveli district ) .
It can be dated about AD 800 , if not slightly earlier .
Both the dvitala vimana and its ardha - mandapa cut out of the entrenched mass on the hill slope are incomplete , but the finished upper parts reveal a high degree of workmanship and art and contain some outstanding sculptures .
The four Nandis on the corners of the top tula round the base of the griva indicate the date and the dedication of the temple to Siva .
The dating is further indicated by the sculptures of Dakshinamurti , Vishnu , Brahma and Siva on the south , west , north and east nasika fronts , respectively , on the faces of the griva sikhara , a feature that became constant from the ninth century onwards .
In the keen competition with their Chalukyan rivals , that had all along motivated the urge for unique achievements in architecture and faced with the comparatively greater difficulty in the quarrying and sizing of such very hard native rocks as granite , gneiss and charnockiteas against the soft standstone exploited with ease and advantage by the ChalukyasRajasimha Pallava experimented , as it were , with the different kinds of stones from the rocks of Tondaimandalam .
Furthermore , ' rock architecture ' implied the creation of temples only in places where there were hills or rocks .
The main sanctum has a Somaskanda relief panel inside a special niche high upon its rear wall and visible above the top of the fluted linga stele , planted without a pitha on the sanctum floor , unlike the other Rajasimha temples where the linga more or less hides the Somaskanda panel , set at the centre of the rear wall .
The hara is found again on the upper storeys except the topmost .
The griva and sikhara which are modern restorations in brick and mortar are , as per the original plan , octagonal .
The corners of the walls of the aditala and of the attached shrines are cantoned by bold rearing vyala pilasters characteristic of Rajasimha temples .
Otherwise the walls lack sculpture as in the Mukundanayanar temple , evidently because of the hard material of construction .
There are only the dvarapalas and the Brahma and Vishnu sculptures on the inner walls of the antarala that maintain the original trimurti concept , but with Brahma and Vishnu relegated to lesser positions .
The northern outer shrine contains remnants of a Pallava mural painting depicting a dancing Siva with Parvati .
The main sanctum has a large fluted , sixteen - faceted , polished , basalt linga with an immense circular Unga - pitha occupying almost the entire floor of the sanctum .
On the rear wall , in a special niche , is carved the usual Somaskanda panel , with Siva and Uma seated with little Skanda on Uma ' s lap and Brahma and Vishnu standing behind on either side .
The inner wall of the garbha - griha is plain and square , while the outer wall , visible in parts between the abutting vimanas , is profusely sculptured with reliefs of gods and goddesses , as also are the walls of the abutting structures .
The superstructural talas are built over a bridge of slabs spanning the tops of the two massive walls of the aditala .
The double - walling and the additional buttressing by smaller vimanas on the sides and corners are evidently expedients to support the mass of the superstructure of this vimana , which is the largest one of the period , and at the same time to provide a pleasing base to the height ratio and a balanced proportion to the edifice .
The third storey has again a hara of kutas and salas above , and the fourth carries only four Nandis on the four corners at its top .
The pilasters cantoning the aditala wall and those of the abutting shrines have rearing vyala bases , peculiar to the Rajasimha temples .
There is a detached multi - pillared oblong mandapa in front , longer on its north - south axis and with its cantoning pilasters vyala - based while the rest are of the plainer type with basal and apical square sections and intervening octagonal belts .
The whole is surrounded by a prakara with a gap on the middle of its east side and enclosing an open court all around .
Inside there are two lateral oblong shrines in the centre on the north and south .
In front of the whole complex stands a row of eight small dvitala square kuta vimanas with octagonal griva and sikhara , all of them memorial shrines , and , like the Mahendravarmesvara and the parivara shrines of the inner malika , devoid of the ham elements over their talas .
While some are undoubtedly Pallava , painted over the plaster ground laid over the coarse sandstone surface , which expedient was found necessary ( as at Ajanta ) to smoothen and protect the stone surface even at the outset , there are undeniable evidences of the renewal of the plaster and the paintings over them in subsequent periods .
For example , in one of the cellas on the north - east corner of the malika , the extant plaster was found by the present writer to overlie an inscription on the stone below of Rajasimha himself .
This alone would denote that the plastering was at best an afterthought in the times of the founder himself or immediately thereafter .
For , an inscription would not be incised on a surface if it was to be covered over by plaster .
Likewise the present writer again found in another cell , on the southern row , the painted plaster revealing beyond its broken edges , parts of a later Chola inscription of Kulottunga I ( Accn . AD 1070 ) indicating that the stone face was bare at that time and that the plaster was laid after that time . Thus the painting over it could only be after the above date .
Prince Kampana is known from inscriptions to have repaired the damages wrought by the Muslim incursions and restored worship in the temple .
This accounts for fragmentary paintings of the Vijayanagar period too .
The Muvarkovil at Kodumbalur ( Tiruchirapalli district ) is of Irukkuvel origin and has three equal - sized dvitala vimanas square from base to sikhara with their ardha - mandapa standing in a north - south row facing west , with a common large and oblong maha - mandapa in front .
Two of these are complete and the third is represented by its extant basement only .
The whole was surrounded by sixteen sub - shrines and a prakara , with the small entrance gopumm on the west .
This temple is another important landmark in the line of the great south Indian temples .
It is built of fine - grained and neatly - dressed granite , and is noted for its exquisite sculpturesparticularly Vinadhara , Dakshinamurti , Kalari Siva , and some feminine forms .
Likewise , the early Chola temples of Koranganatha at Srinivasanallur ( Tiruchirapalli district ) , Nagesvaram in Kumbhakonam , Naltunai Isvara at Punjai and Brahmapurisvara in Pullamangai are other early all - stone temples famous for their sculpture of quality and grace including what appear to be portrait sculptures of men and women .
Hundreds of such stone temples were being built in Tamil Nadu in the centuries before and after AD 1000 , in replacement of earlier brick - and - timber structures , and in places hallowed by the memory of the Saiva and Vaishnava saintsthe Nayanmars and the Alvars .
Similar activity , though on a lesser scale , is to be found in the southern Mysore country , where the Western Gangas of Talkad have left a few contemporary hardstone temples .
The earliest would be the twin ekatala vimanas of a small size forming an adjunct to the later Jain temple on the Chandragiri hill in Sravana Belagola ( Hassan district ) .
But the more impressive Jain temple on the same hill would be the Chamundaraya basti ( c . 982 - 985 ) , with a three - storeyed east - facing vimana and closed mandapa and open porch in front .
This is a significant change that occurred almost at the same time , if not slightly earlier , in the Pallava temples as in the Shore temple and the Kailasanatha of Kanchi .
The Sangamesvara establishes another landmark in that it has in its scheme two side shrines in the ardha - mandapa at its two ends , on either side of the sanctum entrance dedicated to Durga and Ganapati .
The Virupaksha is the largest structural temple complex of the early Chalukyas consisting of a tall four - storeyed vimana with axial mandapas and peripheral two - storeyed parivara sub - shrines of the kuta and sala type round the court , the whole enclosed by a prakara wall with gopura entrances in front and behind on the east and west , which are again the earliest in the Chalukyan series .
The square vimana has a sandhara aditala , the outer wall of which , as also the adhishthana below , is thrown out into five bays and four recesses on each side .
They are of varying widths corresponding to their corner karnakutas , central salas , and inter - vening panjaras of the ham over the prastara of that side .
The mandapa is multi - pillared with massive sculptured columns and has three openings with projected pillared porches on its three sideseast , north and south .
The solas of the ham on top of the mandapa prastam that come over these three entrances , as in the Kailasa of Ellora , are rendered larger in dimensions than the rest of the ham elements in order to simulate miniature gopuradvams .
The devakoshtha niches accommodated between pilasters cantoning the relieved bays have varied sculptures set inside for kuta , panjara or torana frames .
The second tala carries four karnakutas and three salas over its prastam on three sides .
The prakara wall has over its coping a series of kutas and salas , as over the ramkara of the larger vimana of the Pallava Shore temple .
The Mallikarjuna built close to the Virupaksha is a smaller temple with a four - storeyed vimana square in all its talas .
The griva and sikhara above are circular .
It has also a prominent sukanasika projected forward from its upper talas .
The topmost tala has no ham at all , marking the stage of the total elimination of this element , and heralding the advent of the characteristic vahanas , or symbols appropriate to the dedication of the main sanctum .
The Durga temple at Aihole is essentially of the southern variety of the apsidal or gajaprishtha form with an odd , clumsily - fitted northern - type square sikhara which would be aberrant if of original design or incongruous and inapt if a later addition .
The shrine and its axial mandapas stand raised with their adhishthana built over a sub - base , a feature not common in the earlier temples considered above , but usual in later temples of both Chalukyan and Pallava - Pandya derivation .
Thus , the platform on top of the upa - pitha forms a covered outer ambulatory with a slopy roof , spanning the gap between the outer wall of the vimana and axial mandapas on one side and the pillars set on the edge on the other .
The upa - pitha terminates in front as a still narrower landing platform with lateral flights of steps and a frontal banis - ter .
These peripheral pillars of the front mandapa section and those at the front or eastern end on either side of the inner edge of the landing have large statutory carved on them , while the rest are devoid of such embellishment .
They are all interconnected by kakshasanas or seats with lean - back rests , as is common in Chalukyan structures .
The adhishthana , as also the outer wall over it , are thrown out at intervals into eleven bays , three on each linear side walls , three more round the rear apse end , and two in front , where the wall turns in to embrace the front doorway of the antarala - mandapa flanking the entrance .
These eleven bays carry devakoshthas , the niches of which are framed by shrine fronts of all patterns of southern - style vimanas and northern - style prasadas such as the kuta , sala or koshtha , panjara , udgama ( coalesced kudu - like arches ) , and torana , and containing bold sculptures of gods .
This much - developed feature is coupled with the presence of a prominently projecting pranala or gargoyle - like water - spout over the adhishthana level on the northern side at the apse end of the outer wall .
All this indicates a later date for this temple than is usually assumed , not to speak of other advanced features like the diverse corbel forms , the style of sculpture , the presence of the upa - pitha , etc .
These and the presence of an inscription of Chalukya Vikramaditya II ( AD 733 - 746 ) on the ruined outer gopura at the south - eastern part of the prakara indicate a date early in the first quarter of the eighth century .
The inner wall of a typical short apse or chapa form encloses the cella .
In forward alignment with its two linear side walls are two rows of four pillars each inside the antarala - mandapa dividing the space into a central nave with a raised flat clerestory roof and two lateral aisles with lower slopy slab roofs projected over the still lower slopy roof of the outer circuit .
The pillar capitals too have lost their original shape and robustness and are transformed into mere conventional shapes found in the later Chalukyan temples .
The prastara carries a ham of kutas , salas and panjaras .
The second tala has a sanctum enclosed by the upward extension of the inner wall of the aditala .
Its antarala front is masked by the basal part of the sukanasika , while the prastara on the other three sides carries four karnakutas and three salas , there being no scope for a sola on the front side because of the sukanasika .
The third storey of some lesser width is relieved on its sides except on the front or sukanasika side .
The bays contain udgama motifs as in northern - style temples .
The square sikhara following the same scheme of offsetting simulates a twelve - ribbed member heralding similar modifications in the later Chalukyan temples .
Except the two innermost pillars of peripheral series abutting on the navaranga front , all others , as well as the four central ones , though in sandstone , are partially lathe - turned heralding the more completely lathe - turned pillars of schist or soapstone of the later Chalukyas and their successors .
The Eastern Chalukyas of Vengi , a collateral branch of the early Chalukyas of Badami , however , have left a series of structural temples in sandstone which are more akin in their style to the Pallava style of Tondaimandalam to their south .
These along with the two superimposed larger or main doorways on the east make the vimana a chaumukh or chaturmukha structure , described as sarvatobhadra in the texts .
In front on the east , the massiveness of the walls pierced behind the main doorway provides the antamla passage across the sandhara circuit , leading to the inner doorway of the sanctum .
In front of this antarala is laid the north - south transept with flights of steps at either end , north and south , described above .
The outer doorway is flanked by two colossal dvarapalas as are the outer entrances too .
The central bays of the outer walls , which are the widest with door - openings , have , at the top , over the prastara of the second tola , the largest central sala of the hara of that side .
The intermediate bays of least width have the panjaras at their top , thus constituting the full hara of aedicules over the second tala prastara .
The main pilasters containing the corners of the bays and their angles with the walls are square in section with full capitals .
The abacus , or phalaka , as in earlier Pallava capitals , is large , massive and square , but the corbel or potika arms are bevelled with a central triangular tenon on the bevelled face .
The inner wall of the lower storey has on its three sides , in the recesses between immense pilasters and opposite to the outer wall openings , more than life - size sculptures of Siva seated on the south , dancing on the west , and of devi seated on the north .
This lower ambulatory contains , over the rest of the inner wall and over the pilasters and ceilings and also over the inner face of the outer wall , extensive mural paintings of the Chola period , overlaid by later palimpsests of the Nayaka period in the seventeenth century .
The Chola layer has been exposed wherever extant by peeling off the damaged Nayaka layer to reveal its richness .
The most important themes occupying almost entire wings of the inner wall space are the panel representing Siva as Tripurantaka ( setting out for his fight with the Tripura demons ) , the panel narrating the story of the Saiva saint Sundaramurti Nayanar , and the panel representing the Chera king worshipping at the shrine of Nataraja of Chidambaram , along with his queens and his retinue .
Other paintings of dancers , musicians , birds , animals , etc . are interesting .
After the earlier paintings of an extensive nature in the Buddhist caves at Ajanta and the smaller area of paintings in the Jain cave - temple at Sittannavasal , these are the only other extensive series of quality forming an important landmark in the history of Indian mural painting .
Each tala carries over its prastara a ham of kutas , salas and panjaras .
The topmost tala has instead four Nandis placed at the four corners with the octagonal griva and sikhara rising up from the midst .
The topmost stones closing the ultimate gap alone is estimated from their size to weigh 80 tons ( 81.3 metric tonnes ) .
The stupi , as originally intended by Rajaraja , and as stated in his inscription in the temple , is of copper , gilt with gold and is 3.82m high .
The entire interior of the pyramid from its base to apex is rendered hollow by the gradual inward offsetting of the successive courses of masonry in the kadalika karana mode .
From the top of the adhishthana at about the middle of the northern side , an immense and carved water - spout is projected which discharges the abhisheka water flowing out of the sanctum floor .
The water goes along the chutes running through the bases of the two walls and along the floor of the sandhara circumambulatory in between .
The lengthy pranala , or spout , is supported on the head of a bhuta squatting over the upa - pitha platform , blowing a conch .
Opposite to this pranala and a little to the east is built the coeval square vimana for Chandikesvara , the seneschal of the Siva temple .
This position located by Rajaraja in his great temple became the norm for all Siva temples of subsequent periods .
Enclosing the wide open court around the vimana and its axial mandapas , including the Nandi pavilion , is a two - tiered prakara wall of the same period .
On the middle of the eastern side the prakara has a massive gopura built entirely of stone .
Ranged inside the prakara wall and built against it is a continuous double - storeyed cloister , or malika , with a third open terrace on top , interrupted at the four corners and the middle of the three sides by seven square tritala vimanas with octagonal griva sikhara .
These are dedicated to the eight dikpalas , or guardians of the quarters : Agni , Yama , Niruti , Varuna , Vayu , Soma and Isana , from the south - east round to the north - east .
The shrine for the eighth dikpala , Indra , and also another for Surya , merge into the inner face of the vertical base of the gopura on the east .
In front of the gopura and at some distance away from it is a second outer and larger gopura , perhaps going with an outer prakara wall originally , but now incorporated into the defensive fort - wall of much later times .
In addition to the inner gopura , the prakara wall is pierced by three additional smaller entrances of the torana gate variety , placed opposite the centre of the south , west and north sides of the main vimana .
These are framed by simple over - doors with sakhas and crowned by horizontal lintels .
Following this , a number of wholly apsidal temples or temples with four - sided aditala and apsidal superstructure and griva sikhara continued to be built in this part of Tamil NaduTondaimandalam in later Chola times and succeeding periods .
Such temples are rather rare in the Chola and Pandimandalams further south .
These two are essentially lesser versions of the two Brihadisvara vimanas , but incorporate in their design some variations and innovations revealing an amount of Chalukya - Rashtrakuta influence .
The topmost tala carries four square karnakutas , again flanked by a pair of recumbent Nandis , one on either side .
It persisted for about a century in some temples and disappeared , as before , leaving the place for Nandis alone .
But at the same time this temple of Rajaraja II heralds the idea of placing paired Nandis or similar vahanas or lanchanas appropriate in other templeswhich in later times were placed back to back , or coalescent with single neck and headat the corner , with two independent bodies along the two sides .
Another feature found abandoned in the post - Pallava temples and earlier Chola temples , but persisting throughout in the Chalukyan series of temples , and found again in this temple , is the extension of the hara of kutas , solas and panjaras over the tops of the axial mandapas beyond the transept in front of the aditala .
The main axial complex of vimana and mandapas is similar to the plan in the Brihadisvara .
The Hoysalas too , when they came to occupy a part of Tamil Nadu in the last days of the later Cholas left some significant gopuras , as , for example , the Ballala gopura at Tiruvannamalai .
The Pallavara gopuras of Ko - Perunjinga at Chidambaram , Vridhdhachalam and other places are noted for their sculptures , particularly for the depiction of the hundred and eight dance poses with appropriate verses from the Natyashastra inscribed as labels .
These kumbha panjaras became a common feature .
The corbel shapes also change , and the central tenon of the simple bevelled corbel of the earlier Chola temples assumes more or less the form of a bell - shaped pendentive , which gradually becomes floral and extended , anticipating the incipient madalai , or curved stalk of the characteristic pushpa potika of the Vijayanagar times and after .
The abacus of the pillar and pilaster capitals becomes thinner , smaller , and polygonal in contrast with the large , thick and square forms of the Pallava and earlier Chola times .
These are found in the Sarangapani and Nagesvara temples in Kumbhakonam ( Thanjavur district ) where in the case of the Nagesvara it fronts the sabha - mandapa of Nataraja , which again is another feature added to the temples from the later Chola times .
They are also to be found in Tiruvarur , Kudumiyamalai , Vridhdhachalam , Chidambaram and many other places .
This provided inspiration to the Eastern Ganga king , Narasimha , for constructing such a mandapa in his Simhachalam temple in north coastal Andhra , and more so for his great Sun temple at Konark .
The top talas are devoid of the hara , the top sikhara has a prominently splayed out brim or lip , and the sides are offset repeatedly .
The hara elements too retain their characteristic shapes , and the projected bays of the aditala wall have devakoshtha niches framed by kuta fronts mounted on shorter pilaster pairs , or by makara toranas .
The door lintels too are elaborate makara toranas , often with a Gajalakshmi crest as the lalata bimba .
The mandapa pillars are partially lathe - turned in respect of their capitals , while the shaft is square and angular , marking the beginnings of the characteristic and almost wholly lathe - turned pillars of the later periods .
Another oblong shrine with narrow front mandapa stands next to the Navalinga cluster .
The other ruined structures are all enclosed by a prakara with two openings on two of the four sides .
The mention of goddesses like Ganga , Kalika , Sarasvati and Mahamayi in the associated inscriptions indicates a strong devi cult in this centre .
The kudus on the cornices are beginning to lose their horseshoe shape and have become flat facets or ante - fixes .
The wall spaces between the relieved bays of the aditala are adorned by reliefs of shrine frontals with superstructures of the southern vimana patterns , or of the northern prasada patterns .
The square - based pillars of the mandapa are partially lathe - turned , particularly the capitals below the phalaka , showing some advance in this respect over the earlier Navalinga examples .
There are two rectangular shrines facing the four central pillars of the mandapa , perhaps originally dedicated to Ganapati and Durga .
But what is more interesting from the constructional point of view is the fact that the walls , though of usual thickness , are built of smaller blocks of stone , a tendency to approximate to brickwork , in contrast to the large - sized blocks used in the earlier cyclopean or near - cyclopean constructions of the Chalukyas and the Rashtrakutas .
Turning to the temples of Lakkundi , also near Gadag , one comes across temples in the construction of which sandstone , till then usual , is totally abandoned in favour of a fine - textured , soft , chloritic schist stone that is quarried naturally in lesser thicknesses .
The new material , because of its less thick quarry size and the greater ease with which it can be cut , naturally reacted upon workmanship , resulting in the reduced size of the masonry courses and increased volume of fine and delicate carvings on such tempting soft and smooth material .
Of the many interesting temples of such material in this place , the Jain temple is the largest and most prominent which might have been built in the latter half of the eleventh century .
It has a square five - storeyed nirandhara vimana , with a square griva and sikhara .
The pillars inside the mandapa have square bases .
The shaft and capital region up to the broad square abacus is smoothly rounded , turned on a lathe and polished , forming a series of bulges and curved necks , beadings , etc . , usually later embellished by finely picked ornamentation .
Often the axial series of the temple unit is surrounded by an open court and pillared cloister inside the prakara wall , having its mahadvara entrance only on one side , the front .
Among the hundreds of Hoysala temples of greater or lesser merit , the most well known and typical are the Hoysalesvara among the many temples at Halebid , the Chennakesvara temple at Belur ( both in Hassan district ; the two towns were the earlier and later capitals of the Hoysalas ) , and the Kesava temple at Somnathpur ( Mysore district ) .
The Chennakesvara temple unit at Belur was built by Hoysala Vishnuvardhana in 1117 and consecrated to Vishnu with the name Vijaya Narayana .
It now forms the principal unit in a complex of later temples , surrounded by a cloister and prakara , with a gopura entrance in the east on the axial line of the main unit , and a plain side entrance to its south on the same side .
The ornamental doorway was preceded by a large navaranga , the three sides of which had extended passages or closed porches , east , south and north , terminating externally into elaborately carved entrances with over - doors .
The whole is raised on an upa - pitha , 1.5 m high , the plan of its open circumambulatory following the stellate plan of the vimana and its axial mandapa .
The walls of the garbha - griha are sometimes plain in the simpler cases as in the one on the tank - bund at Palampet .
When alternately projected and recessed , the bays are broad , flat pilaster patterns , often with shrine - motifs at their bases .
The recesses contain a slender pilaster carrying a shrine top at its apex over its abacus with a superposed creeper or patra - lata torana over it .
It is rather a slopy , straight , projected ledge , often large .
The prastara over the antarala and the front mandapas carry , like the lower tala of the vimana superstructure , a hara of miniature shrines of the kuta variety , often in brick and mortar .
These form the fore - runners of the typical arched niche - like miniature shrine series , the chunchus of the subsequent Vijayanagar mandapa prastaras .
The sukanasika , projected in , front of the vimana superstructure is an invariable characteristic , marking the Chalukyan derivation of the temples .
Before the twelve years stipulated by the sage were over , the pit was opened out of curiosity at the end of three years , by some indiscreet disciples in the absence of the successor on tour only to find that all mortal traces of the sage had disappeared .
The importance of this great acharya and saint ( who in his spiritual effulgence , it is believed , continues to manifest himself , shedding subtle spiritual influence about the place , and even today inspires and guides the affairs of Sringeri ) and the veneration in which he was held both by the royal house of Vijayanagar and the successive pontiffs on the pitha can be realized from the fact that the sign manual and seal of the pitha , whatever may be the individual name of the occupant pontiff , continues to be ' Sri Vidyasankara ' even as the royal sign manual of all the Vijayanagar kings was ' Sri Virupaksha ' , the tutelary deity of Hampi .
The wall above forms the bahya bhitti or outer wall of the rear or western part of the structure surrounding the inner antara bhitti that contains the garbha or sanctum , thus rendering the vimana a sandhara one , while over the eastern part of the structure it forms the external wall enclosing the twelve - pillard ranga - mandapa inside it .
The lintel has a Gajalakshmi relief and the introduction of a wide - set projecting door cornice over each one of the doorways is reminiscent of the Kakatiya mode .
In conjunction with the rasi pillars arrangement , the rasis being the ' houses ' which the sun is supposed to aspect in order of the twelve months ; the central lotus The four parrots perched topsy - turvy around the torus of the lotus blossom in the ceiling of the rasi - mandapa of the Vidyasankara temple , Sringeri , are incidentally the first examples of the kind .
Their pose is also true to nature , attesting to the acquaintance of the sculptor with things of nature .
The ornithologist will be reminded of the species of the Indian parrot ( Psittacula ) , commonly called the lorikeet , which is unique among Indian birds for its habit of roosting upside down like a bat .
To the ascetic yogi , it will be a form of sadhana or penance ( tapas ) .
The superstructure of the vimana or garbha part is an upward continuation of the inner wall or antara bhitti .
It is a tall cylindrical tower of three upper talas of gradually diminishing circumference raised over the sanctum terminating in the griva that carries the sikhara with the stupi on top , while the roof over the antarala carries a large sukanasa projected from the front of the vimana superstructure .
The top of the sandhara passage between the outer and inner walls of the aditala is made up of a system of channel - and - hood stones , as over the mandapa half in front , the long stones radiating from the base of the second tala with a proper slope giving rise to a slopy alinda .
There are three niches provided in the main bhadras of the three cardinals , south , west , and north while on the east comes the prominent sukanasa .
The prastara of this second tala harmya or the uparichchadya is composed of seven tiers of curved cornices or kapotas .
The third tala of slightly lesser elevation repeats the same pattern ending with its uparichchadya of five kapotas , superposed one over the other .
The fourth tala of still lesser height , again of the same pattern , carries an uparichchadya of the three kapotas .
This scheme is an adaptation of the system of uparichchadya coming successively over the main talachchadya , with a clear but short or indistinct recessed neck intervening between any two , as obtains in the temples of the Eastern Ganga and Kalinga vintage but is a modification of the same with the respective sets of cornices here , forming the tala harmyas .
The top of the third tola carrying the grihapindi or base of the griva has four Nandis at the four corners or vidiks .
The griva sikhara combination has four maha nasikas projected on the four cardinals , including the eastern face , where the third tola of the vimana rises clear over the top of the frontal sukanasa .
All the five stupis are of metal and they together form a pancha kalasa scheme , that according to ancient Buddhist texts should be the character of a divya vimana .
Built of granite , it stands on a lofty and well - moulded upa - pitha platform .
Its five - storeyed square vimana is a double - walled sandhara structure , and the tala superstructure has the characteristic sukanasika projection .
A horizontal band divides the exterior wall face into upper and lower halves .
The lower half shows a series of shrine fronts between paired pilasters .
The twin temples of Ramesvara and Virabhadra in nearby Keladi , the earlier seat of the dynasty , are built of greyish - green granite .
The two separate vimanas have their front mandapas inter - connected .
They took note of what was developing further north .
Their geographical position astride the area of the Deccan , dividing the peninsula from the northern half of the subcontinent , made them susceptible to more influences than one .
The result was that the cradles of early Chalukyan architecture and art , namely , Mahakutesvar , Aihole , Pattadkal and Badami , and lower down in Andhra - Karnataka region round about Kurnool in Satyavolu and Mahanandibordering the Eastern Chalukyan branch of Vengi produced a mixed variety of temples : the northern , the southern , and those locally known as Kadamba .
The Kadamba - Chalukya or Kadamba - Mzgara type in its simplest form has a square vimana body with a low superstructure that is a stepped pyramid of successively receding tiers , essentially eaves - like or of kapota - like form , often separated from one another by short recessed necks standing for the talas .
The kapota tiers are decorated by relieved kuda , motifs , particularly at the centre on each side .
The separating necks , or galas , may be altogether absent or much abbreviated so as not to be visible .
The topmost tier carries a short griva with a distinct amalasila , or amalaka , which has a ribbed globular or lenticular shape which is the characteristic top member of the northern prasada superstructure or alternately the griva may carry a sikhara with a stupi as in the southern virnana forms .
These also came to be built in other parts of Karnataka and Andhra .
The sikhara in these temples connotes the entire superstructure over the part enclosing the sanctum , forming a single unit called the anda , differentiated into nodes defined by small gooseberry - shaped karnamalakas at the corners , all compressed in such a manner that a clear - cut storeyed division , as in the talas of a southern vimana , is not revealed .
Thus it would be clear that what is termed as the sikhara in a northern rekha - prasada is not to be equated with what is known by the same name in the southern tiered vimana .
The smaller amalakas found squeezed in at the corners of the superstructure of the prasada , hence called karnamalakas , are the only basis for differentiating the bhumis .
Their adhishthanas generally follow the patterns found in the southern vimana , and the body is provided with a clear prastara entablature separating the superstructural part over it .
The square plan or quadrature is relieved by three or five bays on each face from base to top , the relieved parts being called rathas , making the temple tri ratha or pancha ratha , as the case may be .
The most characteristic and conspicuous sukanasika is projected from the front side of the superstructure over the antarala roof and is almost as wide as the front face of the sikhara at its lowest part and projecting forwards , to an extent equal at least to half , if not two - thirds , the basal width of the sikhara in the earlier examples .
Besides the mandapas , these northern - style temples of the Chalukyan area share much in common with the local vimana types in respect of their pillar forms , door - frames , sculptures , particularly dvarapalas on either side of the entrances , iconography and other features of embellishment .
These are generally tri rathas with front mandapas .
The outer wall is plain or decorated and often provided with a pillared porch .
The former ones are of sandhara type , while the latter one is of the nirandham type , though they are similar in general outward form to the first .
The Papanatha has a low and linear plan with a stunted sikhara over the main edifice which appears to be too small in proportion to the whole length made up of the disproportionately large antarala in front of the sanctum , with a mandapa and a portico as its front .
The most interesting feature is the hara of solas with karnakutas at the front corners and a few panjaras in between that extend continuously over the roof of the axial mandapas , a southern feature appropriate only to the vimana type of temples .
The Sangamesvara in the Mahakutesvara group is of the tri ratha lay - out with a pillared mandapa in front .
The Mahanandi group of temple units , also enclosed by a common prakara , consists , among other structures , of six miniature shrines of varying types in one group and four smaller shrines in another behind the principal Mahanandisvara , which is a sandhara rekha - prasada with a tri ratha type sikhara , datable to AD 750 .
The Bhimalingesvara and Ramalingesvara of the complex at Satyavolu ( Kurnool district ) that form the principal units of the group are both nirandhara with a tri ratha sikhara , over a square body .
They , in addition to having the adhishthana akin to that of the southern vimana type , show also a vyala van or vyala mala , a frieze of vyalas in the entablature , an invariable component of the prastara of the southern vimana temples , and absent in all the other rekha - prasadas .
The larger Ramalingesvara has a sanctum , antarala and axial mandapas in front .
The shrine wall is plain but for a devakoshtha niche on each side .
Among the diminutive shrines are to be found specimens with square , rectangular and apsidal plans .
The Panchalingesvara , also near Kurnool , though much renovated , also belongs to this class .
It has a pillared mandapa in front with a central raised clerestory roof and lateral wings with slopy roofs .
It contains an inscription of Vijayaditya ' s time , about AD 750 .
Another well - preserved temple of this type is to be found in Bandi Tandrapadu nearby with a nirandhara body , having carvings of Ganesa , Durga and Kartikeya on the relieved bhadra niches on its sides .
The Somesvara at Chebrolu , and the Panchalingesvara at Panchalingula also belong to this category .
This type of rekha - prasadas soon fell out of vogue in these areas ; it could not extend any further south into the Tamil territory .
THE KERALA TEMPLE TYPES The Kerala temples form a class by themselves because of the material used in their construction that includes timber to a large extent , as was the case everywhere in south India before the advent of the stone vimanas .
While the adhishthana of the vimana or srikoyil is of moulded stone with all parts resembling those of the adhishthana of the southern temples , the walls are usually of laterite blocks which are abundant in the area , and can be cut and shaped easily when freshly quarried .
Because of their rough and pitted surface , the walls are heavily plastered and the few decorations are picked out in stucco .
The roof timbers rest directly on the wall plate on top of the walls , and converge in gable form to meet at the top .
The conical or slopy mam roof has dormer , or nasika , projections , which are called kihvasal locally , with finely - carved wooden torana frames fronting them Their entire forms , or at least their frontsmukhapatti , retain the arched or horse - shoe shape in most cases , while in some they are simply triangular .
The local name kihvasal ( parrot entrance ) is suggestive of the name sukanastka .
In front of the entrance is a flight of stone steps flanked by stone side - slabs or balustrades , which contain rich relief sculptures , the banister or coping being shaped in the form of an elephant trunk issuing from a vyala mouth , or similar interesting patterns .
The pranala , or water - outlet , projected from the northern side , is of a characteristic shapethick , long , cylindrical and tube - like , with a narrow bore made through it , simulating a straight elephant ' s trunk emerging out of a vyala mouth .
Externally , it is often ribbed and divided into ringed nodes at intervals and supported below by a bhuta or gana .
The srikoyil has a detached small front mandapa , often square with a slopy roof , called the namaskam - mandapa .
Externally , the quadrangular open court is surrounded by a prakara with a cloister , or malika , locally called nalambalam or chuttambalam .
There may be more quadrangular enclosures , the outermost with the main gopura entrance or padi - p - pura , in front , occasionally with additional ones on the rear and on the sides .
Besides the inner prakara which is simpler , larger temple complexes like the Vadakkunnathan temple in Trichur have an outer prakara with storeyed gopura entrances on all the four sides , and detached halls or mandapas in the court , like the rangasala or kuttambalam , for operas , dances and similar performances , for which Kerala is noted , especially dance - dramas and pantomime shows , like Kalhakah Ottantullal , etc .
In the Vadakkunnathan temple , the subsidiary shrine for Sasta , at the north - east corner of the outer court is apsidal with a timber - and - metal sheet roof .
Most of the Kerala temples now existing are not very old , the oldest dating from medieval or post - medieval times .
The eldest ones , because of the perishable fabric of construction , have been lost , but for their stone adhishthanas and sculptures of gods , dvarapalas , etc .
These give us an idea of the continuity from at least the tenth century AD if not earlier .
Such temples with prominent slopy or pent roofs , or ridged - roofs on gables , are to be found extensively distributed over the entire monsoon - swept littoral , from Kanyakumari in the south to south Kanara and Goa on the north .
Their srikoyil or vimana plans include the circular , which is more frequent , the elliptical , the square , the oblong and the apsidal , and they rise often in more than one storey .
The top storey over the innermost wall is covered over by a conical or four - sided kuta roof with a single finial in the case of circular , octagonal , and square structures , or by a ridged sala or sabha type on gable walls , with a row of stupis in the case of the oblong and apsidal structures .
The adhishthana is invariably of granitic stone , while the walls and superstructure may be of granite , laterite or brick and timber .
The roof is made of planks , metal sheet or tiles , or even thatch in extremely humble cases .
This accords with regional climatic requirements , and the steep slant of the sikhara sides and the chadya eaves not only drain quickly the heavy rain - water and throw it away , but also protect painted stucco or wooden sculpture work wrought over the faces of the tala walls and the main wall below .
The intervening parts of the idai nali , immediately in front of the door - opening of the garbhakudya and lying between it and the outer principal door - opening of the srikoyil fronton constitutes , functionally , the ardha - mandapa part in the scheme and thus comes to have a sukanasa superstructure over it as a frontal projection of the main srikoyil superstructure .
It may be a single flight of steps or sopana marga , laid in front of the door providing direct ascent .
Or , often , there is a landing laid in front of the doorway with lateral flights of steps , one on either side .
Perhaps one of the largest complexes in this series of temples is the Vadakkunnathan , or Tenkailasam , or Sri Mulanatha temple , perched picturesquely on a low hilly promontory in the centre of Trichur town , which itself is almost at the centre of Kerala territory .
From its inscriptions the temple is known to have been in existence from the twelfth century , though its foundations could have been much older .
It is perhaps the smallest apsidal structure in the Kerala mode of construction .
In the north - west corner of the outer court is the large kuttambalam or opera - hall , rectangular in shape , and built in typical Kerala style .
Inside is a central pavilion with exquisitely lathe - turned pillars which , in addition to the carved pillars of the hall and the woodwork of the ceiling , add to the splendour of the structure .
The whole complex is surrounded by a massive stone prakara , with four - storeyed gateways on the four cardinal sides with slopy gable roofs , standing as good examples of gopura construction in the Kerala style .
Another large and important temple complex in the south of Kerala is the Padmanabhasvami or Anantasayin temple in Trivandrum , which was wholly reconstructed in the last two centuries .
The stone - built central shrine is appropriately oblong on plan to enshrine the reclining form of Anantasayin Vishnu .
It is two - storeyed with pent and gable roof patterns for its storeys .
The walls are painted and there are subsidiary shrines for deities like Krishna , Kshetrapala , Narasimha , Sasta , Garuda , etc .
Its stone sculptures are of a fine quality as also the wood - carving on the ceiling of the namaskara - mandapa .
The Rama temple of Tiruvangad in north Kerala is unique in having a rectangular srikoyil with a linear orientation , that is , with the entrance on one of the shorter sides of the oblong structure .
The front elevation on the face with the main doorway is almost vertical , while the two longer sides and the shorter rear side have the slopy pent roof at the lower level , and the ridged gable roof at the higher level with three stupis in a linear row on the ridge along the longitudinal axis .
In front there is a mukha - mandapa , also oblong , but with its long axis transverse to that of the srikoyil and provided with stupis over its transversely - oriented ridge .
All round there is a nalambalam of lesser height .
The lower pent roof is extended forward , as the sukanasa , with a front triangular gable face over the idai nali or linear antarala - mandapa , in front of which is an independent namaskara - mandapa .
The Tirunavay Vishnu temple also belongs to the same category .
The roofs are made of metal sheeting and the four - sided pyramidal sikharas have four kilivasal nasikas and single metal gold - gilt stupis on top .
The walls are decorated with sculptures , the dasavatara sculptures on the The Rama temple at Tiruprayar has a circular ekatala srikoyil and is noted for its ancient wood - carvings .
The namaskara - mandapa has profuse wood - carvings , while the wall of the shrine has interesting mural paintings .
The srikoyil at Vaikom is similar , circular and ekatala , with an immense conical copper - sheet roofing , and a single stupi .
The Siva temple at Ettumanur , noted for its paintings , especially of Nataraja , has a simple ekatala srikoyil , which is also circular on plan .
The pent roof covering the storey below and the apsidal ridged roof above , with a gable front , has a row of three stupis on top .
When , after a prolonged fight , the British regained control of Delhi , Bahadur Shah went into hiding .
He was subsequently arrested and brought to the Red Fort by Lt . William Hodson to be tried under a military commission constituted under Act XIV of 1857 , contrary to all established norms of national and international laws .
The European Military Commission , which assembled at Delhi on 27th January , 1858 , was appointed by - the order of Major General Penny , C . B . , commanding the Division , pursuant to instructions from Sir John Lawrence , Chief The Commission consisted of a president and four members .
The prosecutor for the government was Major F . J . Harriot , Deputy Judge Advocate General .
The court assembled in the Private Hall of Audience ( Diwan - e - Khas ) in the Red Fort , Delhi at . 11 a . m . on 27th January , 1858 , to try Bahadur Shah Zafar at a place where he used to preside and dispense justice as Emperor .
Many officials had suggested Calcutta , the British capital , but Delhi was chosen for the purpose . It was the fancy of the Raj ; also , the halo of Mughal sovereignty was to be shattered in the highest temple of its creators , in front of the eyes of its hundreds and thousands of subjects , believers , admirers and sympathisers .
The 82 - year - old Emperor was made to stand for about an hour - and - a - half as a prisoner , outside his own Diwan - e - Khas , where European spectators continued to shout , boo and jeer at him .
At last when the clock struck half - past twelve , he was called in .
After much exertion and pressure he was made to say ' No ' only .
The trial lasted twenty - one working days commencing from 27th January , 1858 to Tuesday , the 9th March , 1858 .
About 18 supposed eye - witnesses ( most of whom were paid spies ) were cross - examined and nearly 200 contemporary documents were tendered containing material on the uprising of 1857 .
On the 20th day of the proceedings , i . e . 9th March , 1858 , the court reassembled and prisoner Bahadur Shah , attended by Ghulam Abbas , was brought to the court .
The Judge Advocate read the translation of the prisoner ' s defence before the Commission which was written by him in Urdu .
There was no one to advise him about his legal rights as a sovereign . His only plea was that whatever troopers or army or servants did during that period , was done of their own free will and not under his orders ; that he could not be held responsible for what had happened . He stated : " . . .
This was the first trial by the Britishers , which established British supremacy and culminated in the I . N . A . trial which followed and ended British rule in India .
This ignominious trial also brought to an end the rule of Mughal dynasty in India and that of the East India Company .
Surendra Nath Baneijea Surendra Nath Banerjea was born on 10th November , 1848 in a reputed Brahmin family of Calcutta .
Surendra Nath did his schooling at the Parental Academic Institution which ws attended chiefly by Anglo - Indian boys .
He graduated from the Calcutta University in 1868 , and proceeded to England along with Romesh Chunder Dutt and Bihari Lal Gupta to compete in the prestigious Indian Civil Service .
He passed the competitive examination in 1869 .
There was some controversy aver his exact age , because of which he was disqualified ; however , the court settled the issue in his favour .
He returned to India in 1871 and was posted to Sylhet as Assistant Magistrate .
Mr Sutherland , the District Magistrate , did not look upon his Indian subordinate with favour and took advantage of a technical error to make a formal complaint to the government against Surendra Nath , The Commission appointed to inquire into the complaint found Banerjea guilty and promptly dismissed him from service .
Surendra Nath proceeded to England and appealed to the India Office .
He had the satisfaction of unsettling the partition of Bengal which Lord Morley had declared to be a ' settled fact ' .
He reached the climax of his political career in 1906 .
He was a member of the Calcutta Corporation ( 1876 - 99 ) from which he resigned as a protest against Lord Curzon ' s policy of destroying its popular character .
He was also a member of the Indian Legislative Council for many years .
Progressive - minded , he advocated widow remarriage and raising the marriageable age of girls .
In his time Surendra Nath Banerjea ' s name was a household word in India .
He was a distinguished orator , both in English and Bengali , and was compared to Demosthenes of Greece and to Cicero of Rome . Surendra Nath was born in Calcutta in 1848 .
He had a brilliant academic career and with ease he passed the difficult and much - coveted Indian Civil Service examination .
But he was dismissed from service and he joined the nation ' s freedom struggle .
In the year 1883 , this was too much to swallow and the English judges could not restrain themselves .
On 3rd May , 1883 , a notice for contempt was issued against Surendra Nath Banerjea and one Ramcoomar Dey ( the publisher and printer of the newspaper , The Bengalee ) by the Calcutta High Court calling upon them to show cause on 4th May , 1883 , giving only one day ' s time .
The notice asked why they should not be committed to prison or otherwise dealt with according to law for contempt for having written and published the said article containing contemptuous and defamatory matter concerning Mr Justice Norris .
They were also asked to file their affidavits and replies immediately .
Ramcoomar Dey , in his affidavit , disowned all responsibility and threw the entire blame on Surendra Nath .
He submitted that he had no concern with any matter which appeared in the paper nor had he any power to prevent any matter appearing therein ; that he was imperfectly acquainted with the English language and though able to compose words in English , he did not readily understand the sense and meaning of what he composed and set up .
He disowned the knowledge that the article in question contained any contemptuous or defamatory matter and that so far as he was concerned , he was prepared to apologise for what appeared in the paper of which he was printer and publisher ; and he submitted himself to the favourable consideration of court .
In his affidavit , which was prepared in great haste as he was given only a night ' s notice , he submitted :
Surendra Nath Banerjea remained in Civil Jail for two months but the case created a storm and his name became a household word in the country .
Public reaction was swift and intense .
Shops were closed and business was suspended in Calcutta on the day of imprisonment .
The practice of holding open - air meetings starred , because no hall could contain the crowds that gathered at protest meetings .
Hindus were especially enraged because a Hindu idol had been brought into court .
Justice Norris had played a prominent part unbecoming his position in the Albert Bill controversy and this added to the excitement .
" In the whole course of my public life , " wrote Banerjea late in his life in The Making of Nation , " I have never witnessed , except in connection with the agitation for the modification of the partition of Bengal , an upheaval of feeling so genuine and so widespread as that which swept Bengal in 1883 .
Public meetings of sympathy for me and of protest against the judgment of the High Court , were held in almost every considerable town .
So strong was the feeling that in some cases even government servants took part in them and suffered for it .
In 1907 , he called upon the extremist faction in the Congress party to join hands for redres - sal of their grievances through a more effective method than mere resolutions .
Tilak and his associates , Bipin Pal and Lala Lajpat Rai , refused to accept the goal of the Indian National Congress , viz , the establishment of a responsible government in India of the type prevalent in the self - governing dominions of the British Empire .
He demanded that India should be granted an autonomous government , absolutely free of the British control , i . e . ' swarajya ' .
Due to his differences with the moderates of the Indian National Congress , Tilak started , in 1916 , a Home Rule League .
The Indian National Congress at its Nagpur session of December , 1920 declared that attainment of purna swaraj ' or complete self - rule , and not mere dominion status , was the party ' s prime goal Tilak thus stood largely vindicated after his death .
Nevertheless , he was defamed by Sir Valentine Chirol in his book ' Indian Unrest ' and went to England in 1918 to sue the latter , but the English courts gave an adverse verdict .
His two works , " Geeta Rahasya ' and The Orion ' ( researches into the antiquity of the Vedas ) are monuments to his erudition and scholarship .
He was to a great extent responsible in persuading Ma - hatma Gandhi to come to India from South Africa while Ma - hatma Gandhi , on his part , was much influenced by Tilak ' s political philosophy .
The historical importance and political implications of Lokmanya Bal Gangadhar Tilak ' s trials in 1905 and 1908 can never be overestimated .
He was sentenced for the crime of patriotism .
He was sentenced because he loved his country more than his life or his liberty .
Ladies and gentlemen , the verdict that our contemporaries pass on us , the verdict that our times pass on us , is not of much value .
We must always await the inevitable verdict of history ; and the inevitable verdict of history is that these two convictions are condemned as having been intended to suppress the voice of freedom and patriotism , and the action of Lokmanya Tilak has been justified as the right of every individual to fight for his country .
These two convictions have gone ' into oblivion - oblivion reserved by history for all unworthy deeds . The fame and lustre of Tilak has grown and increased with the passage of time . . . "
Tilak was tried three times : first in 1897 , on a charge of sedition under Section 124 - A of the Indian Penal Code for publishing an article in Kesari . He was sentenced to 18 months ' rigorous imprisonment .
He applied to the High Court for leave to appeal to the Privy Council but leave was refused .
However , Justice Davar brushed aside all such legal arguments and pronounced that the trial would start on 13th July , 1908 with the help of a special jury consisting of Europeans and Anglo - Indians .
The outcome was known before the trial could start .
The Tai Maharaj case earlier ( a personal case in Poona ) had drained all his financial resources .
Fear was haunting him . "
The trial started on 13th July , 1908 in the Central Hall of the Bombay High Court building .
Strict measures were undertaken before anyone was allowed to enter the trial hall .
On the side of Tilak , Khaparde , Karandikar , Baptista , Kelkar , Bodas and other eminent lawyers occupied the seats to watch the proceedings and assist Tilak .
The other side was occupied by Mr Branson , Advocate General , Mr Inverarity , with Mr Buining , Bar - at - Law and government prosecutors respectively .
The gist of the article ' These Remedies are not Enough ' , published on 9th June , was given to the court and jury .
He said that though the writer repudiated all sympathy with the throwing of bombs and murders committed with the purpose of weakening and subverting British rule , its references about bomb - throwing were most extraordinary .
It pointed out that though the government might pass the Arms Act , bombs could be easily manufactured as it required a very few chemicals for their manufacture .
These articles , said the prosecution , were directed to the same view , namely that the British rule was a curse to the country and that if British rule went on without giving the people the right to Sivaraj , the government must expect to have the same state of affairs in the country as existed in Russia .
With regards the charge under Section 153 - A , the prosecution submitted that the accused frequently alluded in his articles in the Kesari to alien rule as being White .
He alleged that it was intended by these references " to stir up racial feelings between Europeans and natives by pointing out that the White ' class ' was acting in a manner which was directly hostile to the interests of the natives . "
He concluded that there were three charges which would claim attention of the court and the jury .
The witnesses for the prosecutionBhaskar Vishnu Joshi , Jagannath Datar and Inspector Sullivan - were examined by Mr Brimming , Bar - at - Law .
Prosecution witness Bhaskar Joshi , assistant to the oriental translator and Inspector Sullivan , who had carried out the search of the Kesari office at Tilak ' s residence in Poona , were visibly shaken by the cross - examination .
While cross - examining Joshi , Tilak proved that the translations before the court were defective and had perverted the sense of the original articles to give a distorted view .
While cross - examining Inspector Sullivan , Tilak made him admit that the original search - warrant was not for his residence and that he did not know when the interpolation to search his residence was made .
In his written submission to the court , Tilak gave the correct English translation of more than a dozen words used in the articles under dispute to show that the English translations presented in the court were misleading .
Oppression , tyranny and despotism are confounded there and have a distinctly different meaning in writings on political science .
I admit that the idioms of one language cannot be the same as those of another .
I would like to point out that the translator was not placed in the witness - box but someone else ; and he was asked to vouch for the correctness of the translation .
Of course , it is an official translation and therefore there is a certain presumption of correctness in that , but , where particular passages were pointed out as wrong , the real translator ought to have been placed in the witness - box . The charge is based not upon the original Marathi but upon the translation .
It should have been based upon the original Marathi article and then the translations ought to have been put in .
It may be said that the defence has not produced its own translation .
Tilak ' s argument to counter the charge under Section 153 - A was novel and ingenious .
He said , " I can trace a great struggle between the people on the one hand , and a mighty bureaucracy on the other ; and I ask you to help us , not me personally , but the whole of India .
I am now on the wrong side of life and for me it can only be a matter of a few years , but future generations will look to your verdict and see whether you have judged wrong or right .
The verdict may likely be a memorable one in the history of the freedom of the Indian press .
If at least one of you would come forward and say that I was right , it will be a matter of satisfaction to me ; for I know , that if the jury are not unanimous in England , another trial takes place .
It is not so here , but it would be a moral support upon which I would rely with great satisfaction . "
He ended his speech to the jury with the words : " I have not come here to ask you any grace .
I am prepared to stand by consequences of my act .
You might not agree with my views .
There are two charges under Section 124 - A and one charge under Section 153 - A .
Consider each charge separately and return a verdict on each one of the charges separately and I shall ask you to return a verdict that is unanimous , if possible . I shall have to administer the law in accordance with your verdict .
The case is a very important one to the accused .
The charges are very serious .
If you feel that he is guilty you must say so . But if you have any doubt , give him the benefit if there is any reasonable and substantial doubt in your minds . " The jury retired at 8.30 p . m . and returned at 9.20 p . m .
A gloom hung over the entire court - room .
Tilak broke the silence and joked , " Let us enjoy pur last tea together . "
Seven out of the nine members held Tilak ' guilty ' on all three counts , while the remaining two held him innocent on all three counts .
His Lordship asked Tilak , " Do you wish to say anything more before I pass sentence ? "
It was then that Tilak , with an inner spiritual courage , uttered those immortal and prophetic words which are now enshrined at the entrance of the Central Hall of the Bombay High Court .
The great . man ' s reply seemed to have totally unnerved Justice Davar , for he went on to say rather churlishly that the sentence of six years of transportation and a fine of one thousand rupees which he had decided to pass , would be stigmatised as misplaced leniency .
They are seething with sedition ; they preach violence ; they speak of murders with approval and the cowardly and atrocious act of committing murders with bombs not only seems to meet with your approval , but , you hail the advent of the bomb in India as if something has come to India for its good .
As I said , it can only be a diseased and perverted mind that can think that bombs are legitimate instruments in political agitations .
And it would be a diseased mind that could ever have thought that the articles you wrote were articles that could have been legitimately written .
Your hatred of the ruling class has not disappeared during these ten years . And these were deliberately written week by week , not , as you say , on the spur of the moment but a fortnight after that cruel and cowardly outrage had been committed upon two innocent Englishwomen .
You wrote about bombs as if they were legitimate instruments in political agitations .
Such journalism is a curse to the country .
I feel sorry in sentencing you .
I have considered most anxiously in the case of a verdict of ' guilty ' returned against you what sentence I should pass upon you .
I do not think I can pass , consistently with my duty and consistently with the offence of which you have been found guilty , a lighter sentence than I am going to give you .
And I think for a man in your position and circumstances that the sentence will vindicate the law and meet the ends of justice .
You are liable to be transported for life under the first two charges .
I have considered whether to sentence you to transportation or imprisonment . Having regard to your age and other circumstances , I think it is most desirable in the interest of peace and order , and in the interest of the country which you profess to love , that you should be out of it for some time .
Under Section 124 - A , I am entitled to pass sentence of transportation for life or any short period , and I pass a sentence of three years , transportation under each of the first two charges , the sentences to run consecutively .
The Advocate General then made an application and withdrew the fourth charge against the accused under Section 333 .
For ten days at least the country ' s attention had been focused on Tilak ' s trial .
For a time , all sense of danger was lost in the pride which the nation felt in the masterly defence which the eminent prisoner - in - dock made .
Newspapers commented : " The present verdict , we are afraid , given by seven Europeans on a prosecution started by the government , is not likely to be accepted as a judicial pronouncement of any value by the country at large .
The country would look upon it as if the prosecution sat in judgment over their own case .
Coming to the sentence , we wish Justice Davar had spared the accused the pain which he was inflicting upon him by trying to palliate the severity of the sentence which he was proposing to give , by his sweet compliments to the ability of the accused .
Tilak required no certificate from him .
His ability and influence are acknowledged by his worst enemies , and even the English press in commenting upon his arrest and the action of the government . "
As a restive crowd waited in the cold and dark outside , Tilak was quietly whisked away through a back entrance to the Bombay Railway Station where a special train was kept ready to transport him ultimately to imprisonment in Burma .
Tilak ' s conviction shocked freedom fighters everywhere , including Lenin , who called it , " the despicable sentence passed on the Indian democrat , Tilak . "
Foreign newspapers reported that the workers in Europe now had Asian comrades whose numbers will grow by leaps and bounds .
Sri Aurobindo Sri Aurobindo ( Aurobindo Ghose ) was born in Calcutta on 15th August , 1872 .
His father , Krishnadhone Ghose ( 1845 - 1893 ) , came of the well - known Ghose family of Konnagar , West Bengal .
Aurobindo , when only seven - years - old , and his two elder brothersBinoybhusan and Monmolian - were taken by him to England .
He had his early education in an English family .
When he joined the St . Paul ' s School in London as a scholar , he had already learnt Latin , and read on his own Shakespeare and the romantic poets .
He also learnt French and German , Italian and Spanish to read Goethe , Dante and Calderon in the original languages .
He started writing poetry in Greek , Latin ani English when he was only eleven .
As a secretary to the Indian Majlis , Cambridge University , he made revolutionary speeches hinting at armed rebellion as the way to India ' s liberation .
Although he successfully passed the I . C . S . examination , he did not join it but returned to India , in 1893 , with an appointment in the Baroda State Service .
At Baroda , Aurobindo spent thirteen years rising to the post of Acting Principal of the State college .
He learnt Sanskrit , Marathi , Gujarati and spoken Bengali ; studied the epics , the Upanishads and Sanskrit literature ; wrote poetry , plays and essays in English .
He went to Calcutta as Principal of the newly set - up National College , now Jadhavpur University .
Aurobindo directed the revolutionary workers to utilise the partition for expanding their activities .
He guided the nationalists in formulating their policy and organising their work ; started the famous Bengali daily , " Yugantdr , and joined the ' Bande Mataram ' , the English daily of Bipinchandra Pal .
He published in the " Bande Mataram ' his sequence of articles on ' The Doctrine of Passive Resistance ' , charting out a necessary method of execution of the nationalist programme of ' Swadeshi ' and ' Boycott ' .
In August , 1907 , Aurobindo was arrested for having published certain articles in ' Bande Mataram ' . The charge failed because it could not be proved that he was the editor of the paper .
Arrested along with 38 other revolutionaries in May , 1908 , Aurobindo spent a year in jail as an undertrial prisoner before adquittal .
While in jail he had the realisation of cosmic consciousness and the vision of Sri Krishna everywhere and in everything ; he had , besides , Sri Krishna ' s assurance of India ' s freedom and of his release for his greater work for the world .
After his acquittal in May , 1909 , Aurobindo resumed his work with two newly started weeklies , the ' Karmayogin ' in English and the ' Dharma ' in Bengali , in both of which he wrote articles on the deeper significance of Indian nationalism .
One evening in February , 1910 , he received information that his office would be searched the next day and he would be arrested .
Following an inner voice he left for Chandernagore and then for Pondicherry , where be completely withdrew from all political activities and devoted himself entirely to literature and philosophy .
In this work he received the co - operation of an enlightened Prench couple , Paul Rechard and his wife ( later to become famous as the Mother ) who came to Pondicherry on the eve of the First World War .
In 1926 , Aurobindo retired into seclusion which was main - tained till his death in 1950 .
The Alipore bomb trial was one of the State trials of historical importance as it was held at a time when discontent in Bengal was at its zenith .
It concerned people who were gentlemen belonging to the elite of the society - cultured , educated and highly intelligent .
The novelty of the cult of the bomb , shooting and assassination of men highly placed in British hierarchy , lent an additional interest in the trial which gained further momentum when articles from the Sandhya and the Jugantar , couched in rich and powerful language , inspiring intense hatred for foreigners and impassioned love of freedom from bondage , were published and read in court as evidence of proving a conspiracy to wage war against the British King .
From 1905 , the political firmament was ominously cloudy as disillusionment had spread among the intellectuals of the country , who , in their turn , carried the disaffection to the villages .
On 1st May , 1908 , Khudiram Bose was arrested at the Waini Railway Station , a few miles away from Muzaffarpur , while Prafulla Chaki was arrested at the Mokamah Railway Station .
Chaki took out his revolver and shot himself dead .
A wave of shock and consternation shook India .
In May , 1908 , thirty - seven persons including Barindra Ghose , his brother Aurobindo , Ullaskar Dutt , Hem Chandra Das , Upendra Nath Banerjee and others were arrested by the British and put on trial .
In its first phase the F . I . R . were filed by Inspector P . C . Biswas before L . Birley , the District Magistrate , on 19th May , 1908 and amongst other things , it stated :
Preparation for blowing up His Honour ' s special train between Mankundu and Chandernagore In consideration of the facts already disclosed , all the thirty - seven accused , members of a secret society , were charged under Sections 143 , 145 , 150 , 157 , 121 121 - A , 122 , 123 and 124 I . P . C . Sanction required under Section 196 of Several of the accused made statements before the Committal Magistrate but the statement made by Sri Bar - indra Ghose , Sir Aurobindo ' s youngest brother , reflects the courage and purpose of the young man .
Extracts from his statement are given below :
" After passing the entrance examination , I went to Dacca where my brother , Manmohan Ghose , was Professor and I read up to the first year arts there .
With my friends , Abinash Bhattacharya ( now under arrest ) and Bhupendra Nath Dutta ( now in jail ) , I started the Jugan - tar paper .
We managed it for nearly one - and - a - half years , then gave it over to the present managers .
After I gave it up , I took again to recruiting .
I collected altogether fourteen or fifteen young men from about the beginning of 1907 till now .
I educated the boys in religious books and politics .
We were always thinking of far - off revolution and wished to be ready for it , so we were collecting weapons in small quantities .
Altogether I have collected eleven revolvers , four rifles and one gun .
Among other young men who came to be admitted to our group was Ullaskar Dutt ; I do n ' t remember exactly when but about the beginning of this year .
He said that he wanted to come among us and be useful as he had learnt the preparation of explosives .
He had a small laboratory in his house without his father ' s knowledge and he experimented there .
I never saw it ; he told me of it .
With his help we began preparing explosives in small quantities in the garden house at 32 , Muraripukur Road .
In the meantime another friend of ours , Hem Chandra Das of Kundrui in Midnapur district , after I think , selling a part of his . property , went to Paris to learn mechanics and " if possible , explosives . . . " He disclosed all the facts frankly and further stated : " Please take down my motive for disclosing these facts .
Our party was divided on the propriety of disclosing these facts .
Some thought they would deny everything and take the consequences , but I persuaded them all to give written and oral statements to Inspector Ramsaday Mukerji because I believed that as this band was found out , it was best not to do any other work in the country , and because we ought to save the innocent . . .
On 23rd June , 1905 , Narendra Gossain was pardoned and was discharged .
The magistrate then charged the accused in two batches .
In the first batch , he charged Barindra Ghose under Sections 121 , 121 - A and 123 I . P . C . and committed for trial by Court of - Sessions .
L . Birley , District Magistrate of 24 Parganas , charged the accused who were tried with Aurobindo .
" Thirdly , that you on or about the 12 months preceding 15th May , 1908 at various places in Bengal including 32 , Muraripukur Road , Maniktola did by illegal omissions conceal the existence of a design to wage war against the King , intending and knowing that by such concealment you would facilitate the waging of such war and thereby committed an offence punishable under Scctic / n 123 of the Indian Penal Code and within the cognisance of the Court of Sessions .
" And I hereby direct that you be tried by the said court on the said charges . "
The trial started on 19th October , 1908 before the Additional Sessions Judge who charged the accused as follows :
I hereby charge you as follows :
" First : That you , on or about the 12 months preceding 15th May , 1908 , at various places in Bengal including 32 , Muraripukur Road , Maniktola , waged war against His Majesty the King Emperor of India and thereby committed an offence punishable under Sectrion 121 of the Indian Penal Code and within the cognisance of the Court of Sessions .
ing 15th May , 1908 at various places in Bengal Trial of Sri Aurobindo Ghose and Others 65 including 32 , Muraripukur Road , Maniktola , at - tempted to wage war against His Majesty the King Emperor of India and thereby committed an offence punishable under Section 121 of the Indian Penal Code and within the cognisance of the Court of Sessions .
" Thirdly : That you , on or about the 12 months preced - ing 15th May , 1908 at various places in Bengal including 32 , Muraripukur Road , Maniktola abetted one another and other persons in waging war against His Majesty the King Em - peror of India and thereby committed an of - fence punishable under Section 121 of the In - dian Penal Code and within the cognisance of the Court of Sessions .
" Fourthly : That you , on or about the 12 months preced - ing 15th May , 1908 at various places in Bengal including 32 , Muraripukur Road , Maniktola conspired among yourselves and with other persons to commit all or any of the offences under Section 121 of the Indian Penal Code , as set forth in the above three counts , and thereby committed an offence punishable under Section 121 - A . of the Indian Penal Code and within the cognisance of the Court of Sessions .
" Fifthly : That you , on or about the 12 months preced - ing 15th May , 1908 at various places in Bengal including 32 , Muraripukur Road , Maniktola , conspired among yourselves and with other persons to deprive His Majesty the King Em - peror of India of the sovereignty of British India or of a part thereof and thereby com - mitted an offence punishable under Section 121 - A of the Indian Penal Code and within the cognisance of the Court of Sessions .
" Sixthly : That you , on or about 12 months preceding 15th May , 1908 at various places in Bengal in - cluding 32 , Muraripukur Road , Maniktola , con - spired amongst yourselves and with other persons to overawe by criminal force the Government of India or the local Government of Bengal and thereby committed an offence punishable under Section 121 - A of the Indian Penal Code and within the cognisance of the Court of Sessions .
Das was inspired , as it were , in his particular role for an opportunity to defend a seer .
The evidence against Aurobindo mostly consisted of his letters to his wife , and speeches and articles .
Das tried to establish that Sri Aurobindo was a deeply religious and God - inspired Vedantist whose patriotism and love for his countrymen were the basis of his politics .
While commenting on the famous ' sweets letter ' on which the case of spreading the bomb cult throughout India was based , the counsel stated :
" The first great ideal which he sets out in this letter is that he must regard himself as a trustee of all money that belongs to him .
It is his duty tq spend as little as possible for himself for the purpose that he may continue to live and to give the rest to God .
How ?
By doing God ' s work , namely by feeding those who are hungry and by assisting those who are in need .
It is then and then only that you can give back what you owe to God .
It is not for his own selfish ends he is determined to lead that life .
He will keep for himself only what , is absolutely necessary for bare subsistence and the rest he will give back to God .
The only way you can do that is by way of charity , by feeding the hungry and by rendering assistance to those who are in need of it .
One can discover the godhead that is within him . It is easy to scoff at this . But here is a man giving expression to his earnest longing to realise the godhead himself .
There is also in this letter a covert reference to Guru ( spiritual guide ) .
" Because you know , Gentlemen , that when a Hindu brings himself under a spiritual guide , he never discloses the name of his Guru , nor the fact that he has done it .
Unless you get the permission of the Guru , you cannot give it out even to your wife .
( Reads ) JIBAR NIYAM DEKHAYACHE DEKHAYACHE or that if somebody has pointed out the rules of conduct which will help him to enter the path following which he can realise the God that is within him . Then he began to shape his life according to those rules .
" Then he comes to his third ideal .
Here he lays down the basis of his patriotism .
Unless you realise that the world is a manifestation of divinity , as long as you do not realise within yoursejf that the world you see around you , the country in which you live are manifestations of divinity , then all these are unreal .
They are unreal as long as you do not realise the association , the connection between them and the absolute .
But when you realise they are not separated from the whole but are parts and manifestations of divinity , that very moment they cease to be unreal and become real . "
Das referred to the evidence of several other witnesses , commented on them , and while summing up , said , " I must thank Your Honour and gentlemen assessors for the very kind and patient hearing you have given me throughout this case .
My only wish was that the task might have fallen on other hands to place this case before the court ; but as it fell on my hands I did all I possibly could to place the evidence in this case before the court in a connected form .
A few days later he was brought to the Yervada jail in Poona . Mr Joseph Baptista , his counsel , who had already received papers from the London solicitor , Mr Vaughan , interviewed him on 13th September , 1910 at the instance of Madame Cama .
The Government of India , afraid of trying Savarkar before a regular court of law , appointed a Special Tribunal under the special Act to try the case without a jury , denying him the right of apppeal .
The Tribunal was composed of the Chief Justices of BombaySir Basil Scott , Sir N . G . Chandravarkar and Mr Justice Heaton .
The counsel for the prosecution comprised Mr Jardine , the Advocate General , Bombay , Mr Weldon , Sir Welinkar and Mr Ni - colson , the public prosecutor .
The defence consisted of legal luminaries : Mr Joseph Baptista , Sri Chitre , Sri Govin - drao Gadgil and Sri Rangnekar .
This Special Tribunal was constituted to try three cases against him .
The first case involved thirty - eight accused including Savarkar , the second involved Savarkar and Gopalrao Patankar , who were both co - accused in the first case as well , and the third case was against Savarkar alone .
They were tried under eight different charges .
Ka - shinath Ankushkar , Dattatray Joshi , W . R . Kulkarni and Chatturbhuj , the cook of the India House with whom Savarkar was alleged to have sent twenty Browning pistols to India , were named approvers .
The chief prosecution counsel , Mr Jardine , made the opening speech for the prosecution , which occupied the whole of the first day ' s proceedings .
The court declared that Savarkar ' s illegal arrest at Marseilles did not in any manner affect the powers of the Indian law courts to try him .
About three hundred witnesses were examined and cross - examined and a large number of documents were exhibited .
Majority of the witnesses complained to the court that they had given their statements before the magistrate under torture or for saving their relations from harassment at the hands of the police and they should not be taken as authentic .
After the evidence of witnesses was recorded , the Chief Justice asked Savarkar to have his say .
The undaunted Savarkar said :
" I am quite innocent of the charges laid against me .
I took part in the proceedings of the trial in England where courts are established by democratic rules sanctioned by the people .
In such courts , one can expect to get justice .
The conditions of Indian courts of law is quite the reverse .
I am not amenable to the jurisdiction of Indian courts of law . I , therefore , decline to give any statement or bring any evidence for my defence . " Then followed the arguments of the counsel .
The Advocate General made a long speech which lasted for a week .
Though Savarkar ' s name was last in the list of the accused , he began with Savarkar .
The defence counsel also took a little more than a week to complete their arguments on behalf of the several accused .
After sixty - eight days of protracted trial , on Saturday the 23rd December , 1910 , the judges took their seats amid pin - drop silence to deliver the judgment .
The Chief Justice began to deliver sentences starting with Savarkar .
" Vinayak Damodar Savarkar , the sentence of the court upon you is transportation for life and forfeiture of all your property . "
The sentences on the other accused followed . The decision was ex parte and arbitrary , solely on the untested evidence of prosecution .
The legality of his arrest on the French soil did not bother the Tribunal .
Savarkar maintained his incontrovertible stand even in this trial and refused to submit to its jurisdiction as it would have prejudiced his case at the International Court .
This second trial opened on 23rd January , 1911 .
After the Advocate General ' s summing up , Savarkar was brough from the dock of the Bar to have his say .
Savarkar reiterated his innocence and said that he had no direct or indirect connection with the crime .
He pointed out to the court that the only evidence that came before the Tribunal of his alleged complicity was the pamphlet , Bande Mataram , found with Chengiri Rao . But that too was not concerned with Jackson ' s murder because it was clear from the evidence that it was despatched from London after the alleged murder .
As for the pistol , which was used in killing Jackson , it was strenuously contended that there was no sufficient proof that Savarkar was the person , who entrusted twenty Browning pistols with one of which Jackson was killed , to the cook Chaturbhuj , the approver .
Notwithstanding vague , contradictory and inconsistent evidence of the approvers , on 30th January , 1911 , the Tribunal sentenced Savarkar to another transportation for life .
Savarkar then rose and made this memorable statement :
" I am prepared to face ungrudgingly the extreme penalty of your laws in the belief that it is through sufferings and sacrifice alone that our beloved motherland can march on to an assured if not a speedy triumph . "
Two transportations for life to a man . Extraordinary , yet conceivable , when a foreign power rules the natives .
The terms were :
" ( 1 ) That Savarkar shall reside in the Ratnagiri district and shall not go beyond the limits of that district without the permission of the government or , in case of an emergency , of the District Magistrate .
Proceedings Before the Permanent Court of International Arbitration There was strong adverse criticism in the British and French press on the high - handed action of the British in capturing Savarkar on the French soil .
The French Government demanded the return of Savarkar .
Sir Edward Gray , the Foreign Secretary of the British Government , was compelled to sign an agreement with M . Paul Camben , the Ambassador of the French Republic , to refer the Savarkar case to the International Court of Arbitration at The Hague .
It was to be argued , " whether , in case a criminal , who has succeeded in escaping into the territory of another State , is erroneously handed over , without the formalities of extradition having been complied with , by the police of the local State to the police of the prosecuting State , such local State can demand that the prosecuting State shall send the criminal back and ask for his formal extradition . "
The Hague International Tribunal was composed of M . Graham , an Ex - Minister of Norway and Mr Jonkheer Loman , a member of the Second Chamber of Holland .
M Louis Renault was an eminent juris consul , an authority on International Law , a permanent member of The Hague Tribunal and winner of the Nobel Prize in 1907 .
" My public life began in 1893 in South Africa in troubled weather .
My first contact with British authority in that country was not of a happy character .
I discovered that as man and an Indian , I had no rights ; more correctly , I discovered that I had no rights as a man because I was an Indian . "
After tracing the sequence of events , tie continued : " In fact , I believe that I have rendered a service to India and England by showing in non - co - operation the way out of the unatural state in which both are living .
In my humble opinion , non - co - operation with evil is as much a duty as is co - operation with good .
But in the past non - co - operation has been deliberately expressed in violence to the evil - doer .
The only course open to you , the judge , is either to resign your post , disassociate yourself from evil if you feel that the law you are called upon to administer is an evil , and that in reality I am innocent or to inflict on me the severest penalty if you believe that the system and the law you are assisting to administer are good for the people of this country and that my activity is therefore injurious to the public weal . " A contemporaneous writer , Mr N . K . Prabhu , has recorded that it was impossible to describe the atmosphere in that hall at the time he was reading and a few minutes after he finished reading his statement . Every word of it was eagerly followed by the whole audience .
The judge and the Advocate General , the military office and the political leaders , all alike , strained their ears and were all attention to hear the memorable statement .
Gandhiji took fifteen minutes to read his statement .
As he proceeded with his statement , one could perceive the atmosphere of the hall changing every minute .
No one could have performed this duty better !
To combine the dignity of his position with the courtesy due to the mighty prisoner before him was no easy task .
He seemed to be at a loss for words when he came to the end and pronounced the sentence of simple imprisonment for six . years .
Justice Broomfield needs to be quoted here , who said : " Mr Gandhiji , you have made my task easy in one way by pleading ' guilty ' to the charge .
Nevertheless , what remains , viz . the determination of a just sentence , is , perhaps , as difficult a proposition as a judge in this country could have to face .
Nevertheless , it would be impossible to ignore the fact that you are in a different category from any person I have ever tried or am likely to have to try .
It would be impossible to ignore the fact that in the eyes of millions of your countrymen , you are a great patriot and a great leader .
Even those who differ from you in politics look upon you as a man of high ideals and of noble and even saintly life .
The judge then turned to Mr Banker : " 1 assume you have been to a large extent under the influence of your chief .
The sentence that I propose to pass upon you is simple imprisonment for six months on each of the first two counts , that is to say , simple imprisonment for one year and a fine of a thousand rupees on the third count , with six months ' simple imprisonment in default . "
To which Gandhi replied : " I would say one word .
Since you have done me the honour of recalling the trial of the late Lokmanya Bal Gangadhar Tilak , I just want to say that I consider it to be the proudest privilege and honour to be associated with his name .
So far as the sentence itself is concerned , I certainly consider that it is as light as any judge would inflict on me , and so far as the whole proceedings are concerned , I must say that I could not have expected greater courtesy . "
A minute passed after the pronouncement of the sentence .
He got up , bowed and departed .
I realised now that the lowly Jesus of Nazareth , cradled in a manger , furnished the only parallel in history to this invincible apostle of Indian liberty who loved humanity with surpassing compassion and to use his own beautiful phrase , ' approached the poor with the mind of the poor ' .
" The most epic event of the modern times ended quickly .
It commenced on 15th March , 1929 and lasted nearly four - and - a - half years .
The case was conducted on a gigantic scale .
The evidence consisted of 25 printed volumes of folio size .
Altogether 3,500 prosecution exhibits , over 1,500 defence exhibits and no less than 20 witnesses were examined .
The judgment itself was printed in two volumes covering 676 pages of folio size .
It was a historic trial lasting four - and - a - half years and involved almost the entire leadership of the communist and trade unionist movements of the country .
During the entire period of the trial most of the accused were refused bail and despite several attempts by the defendants , a trial by jury was denied on flimsy grounds .
The Merrut conspiracy case exposed the true face of British imperialism against organised opposition or dissent which could challenge the economic or political superiority of the established order .
It was in fact a firm move to crush Marxist influence and organised labour movement in India . Almost all major industries and large operations were owned by Britishers at that time .
The period 1928 - 1929 was significant in Indian history for it was the beginning of an organised left - wing movement , with both economic and political components .
The organisation of trade unions enabled the workers to express their grievances and strive for better working conditions and higher wages .
Though the Communist Party of India had been active for some time in India , the movement could not gain any real significance till 1927 .
It was only after 1927 and especially in 1928 - 29 , that the communists made considerable headway in their efforts to infiltrate the trade unions and the labour organisation , as well as to win over the youth force and a powerful section of the nationalist elites to their cause .
In this movement a few British nationals too were lending their active support .
Soon , the British Government became alarmed and undertook a series of stepsboth legislative and administrativeto nip the movement in the bud .
The most significant and repressive step was to launch a large scale Conspiracy trial against thirty - two of the leading left - wing labour leaders at Meerut , which significantly affected the future of the Communist Party of India and , on the whole , the entire left - wing movement in the country , in general .
The Government of India was in continuous correspondence with the British Government in England and was taking instructions to adopt legislative and punitive measures .
Like the trials of Savarkar , Tilak and Mahatma Gandhi , the trials of Bhagat Singh and his comrades have found a place in the annals of the history of freedom movement in India .
Here the might of the Raj could not dim the spirit and courage of the freedom fighters who faced the sentence of death with a smile on their faces .
During the trial all established procedures were given a go - by and a totally novel , high - handed procedure was adopted for convicting and passing the sentences in the Bhagat Singh case .
It is not possible to give full details about the extraordinary courageous revolutionary activities of Bhagat Singh and his friends . It is proposed to narrate in short the events which inspired Bhagat Singh and his associates to shoot the Deputy Superintendent or Police , Mr J . P . Saunders , at Lahore in 1928 and the throwing of bombs in the Central Assembly at New Delhi in 1929 .
It was a period of unrest in the country with large sections of the people clamouring for release from political oppression and economic exploitation by the British .
To assuage the feelings of Indians , Sir Simon with his team came to India in 1928 , on the ostensible plea of looking into the political conditions of the country .
As no one was taken from the Indian side on this Commission , a call for its boycott was given by Gandhiji .
Punjab under the leadership of Lala Lajpat Rai took the lead and on 30th October , 1928 a peaceful procession was taken out in the streets of Lahore , holding aloft the banners ' Simon Go Back ' , ' India for Indians ' , etc .
This procession was led by Lala Lajpat Rai and Sardar Bhagat Singh .
Suddenly without any provocation or warning , lathi - blows began raining on the public at the orders of the Deputy Superintendent of Police , Mr Scott and Assistant Superintendent of Police , Mr J . P . Saunders .
The outer jail compound was very well guarded .
Mr Asaf Ali , a leading young lawyer from Delhi , appeared for the defence , while the Crown was represented by the public prosecutor , R . B . Suraj Narain .
The trial magistrate was Mr F . B . Pool , a British judge .
Besides the counsel and the press representatives , Mrs Asaf Ali , Mr Kishan Singh ( Bhagat Singh ' s father ) , Bhagat Singh ' s mother and the wife of Ajit Singh and two magistrates under training were also present .
Bhagat Singh and B . K . Dutt were brought into the court at eight minutes past ten .
Entering the court , Bhagat Singh shouted in a thunderous voice , ' Long Live the Revolution ' and B . K . Dutt shouted ' Down with Imperialism ' .
These slogans created a stir .
The court recorded the shouts and ordered the police to handcuff both the hands of each of the accused .
The newspaper , Reporter , reported :
After the prosecution witnesses had been examined , Bhagat Singh and B . K . Dutt were asked to give their statements , which both of them refused to give .
Q : Were you present in the Assembly on the 8th of April , 1929 ?
Similarly B . K . Dutt also answered the court ' s questions only and declined to make a statement .
The court then heard the defence counsel , who made a masterly speech for about forty minutes , putting forward his arguments .
After hearing the defence arguments , the court framed charges under Section 307 of the Indian Penal Code for an alleged attempt to murder and under Section 3 of the Explosive Substances Act , against both the " accused " , holding that they threw bombs to kill and cause injuries to several persons in the Assembly .
" Punishment can be regarded as retributive , preventive or deterrent .
In these cases both the accused appear to have been completely callous as to what might suffer , their acts might have resulted in the death of not only one but of several persons who had offered them no form of provocation and who were not even acquainted with their existence .
The offence is particularly a heinous " The agcused have alleged that they hold human life ' sacred ' .
Their allegation is negated by their acts .
Their attitude throughout has been that their acts are justifiable and justified .
With such an attitude , their acts are those of men who have not fallen into crime on the spur of the moment but by deliberate design .
With such an attitude it is probably that what they have done once , they may attempt to do again .
From the preventive point of view , their offences merit severe punishment .
To a criminal mind , they might suggest imitation . - From the deterrent point of view , the offences demand severe punishment .
The accused are young men but their acts were deliberate and they had made preparations for those acts of a complicated nature .
At times , they even refused to attend the court and had to be forcibly taken there .
This created grave legal and procedural difficulties as the accused were being tried for murder and the proceedings could not be conducted in their absence .
In order to overcome these difficulties , particularly to dispense with their presence in the court , the Punjab Government approached the Government of India .
The Government of India promulgated an Ordinance No . III on 1st May , 1930 .
That ordinance entrusted the trial of the case to a Special Tribunal , like the one which tried the Ghadrites during the First World War , to be constituted by the Chief Justice of the High Court of Judicature at Lahore , consisting of the High Court judges .
The Tribunal was invested with special powers to deal with wilful obstruction .
It provided that all cases pending in the court of Rai Sahib Pandit Sri Kishan , first - class magistrate , Lahore against any or all the persons ( 24 in number ) would be tried by the Tribunal to be constituted under Section 4 .
The Chief Justice of the High Court would constitute a Tribunal for the trial of the said cases consisting of three persons who at the time of such constitution were judges , additional judges or officiating judges of the High Court .
The Chief Justice of the High Court would appoint one of the members of the Tribunal as president of the Tribunal and authorise the Tribunal , to pass upon any person convicted by it , any sentence authorised by law for the punishment of the offence of which such a person was convicted .
Even if death sentence was passed it would not require confirmation by the High Court as provided in the Code of Criminal Procedure .
The Tribunal was vested with powers to take such measures as it may think necessary to secure the orderly conduct of the trial and where any accused by his voluntary act has rendered himself incapable of appearing before the Tribunal , or resists his production before it or behaves before it in a persistently disorderly manner , or in any way wilfully conducts himself to the serious prejudice of the trial , the Tribunal may at any stage of the trial , dispense with the attendance of such accused for such period as it may think fit and proceed with the trial in his absence .
The judgment of the Tribunal would be final and conclusive and notwithstanding the provisions of the Code or of any other law for the time being in force , or of anything having the force of law by whatsoever authority made or done , there would be no appeal from any order or sentence of the court .
Also the High Court would not have the authority to revise any such order of sentence or to transfer any case from the Tribunal , or to make any order under Section 491 of the Code or have any jurisdiction of any kind in respect The appointment of the Tribunal , the jurisdiction conferred upon it and powers granted were contrary to all established principles of criminal justice .
This was an extraordinary procedure and the result was a foregone conclusion .
The Lahore conspiracy trial was held in Poonch House at Lahore and the Special Tribunal started functioning on 5th May , 1930 with Mr Justice J . Coldstream as president and Mr Justice Agha Haider and Mr Justice G . C . Hilton as its members .
The proceedings started at 11.00 a . m .
The revolutionaries to be tried came at two minutes past ten .
Contemporary records say that : " They shouted revolutionary slogans for a short time and then for a period of eight minutes altogether they chanted a revolutionary hymn . "
As he did in his previous trial at Delhi in the Assembly bomb trial , Bhagat Singh declined to have a legal counsel to defend his case as he firmly believed that the trial was a farce .
You know that in the political field , my views have always differed with those of yours .
I have always been acting independently , without having cared for your approval or disapproval . "
As was known to everybody , the court found Bhagat Singh and his comrades guilty .
According to the findings of the trial court , the evidence against Bhagat Singh in the case was three - fold in character :
The judgment in the case was pronounced on 7th October , 1930 : " Having regard to the deliberate and cowardly murder in which he took part and to his position as a leading member of the conspiracy , he is sentenced to be hanged by the neck till he is dead . "
The rest were sentenced to transportation for life .
They will not be satisfied with a puppet parliament at Delhi , eventually set up by the dispensation of the sham at Westminster .
Nor will they recognise the sovereignty of the British Crown even if some day it will be exercised through an Indian Viceroy .
We will make our Constitution not at any Round Table Conference in London but here , in India , in the midst of the struggle for the assertion of our right to self - determination .
The British Crown presumes to deprive us of this inalienable right .
So , the way to the establishment of a constitutional regime in India lies unavoidably through a revolutionary war against the British King who has usurped power in India .
He also separately dealt with imperialism , national revolution , agrarian revolution and the Communist International and its relations with communist parties .
It is a great pity he was not allowed to read his defence in the court .
Made in court , it might have received wider publicity and attention all over the world .
The trial was concluded on 6th January , 1932 .
In his statement before the Sessions Court , the appellant prays in aid , the works of Hume and Behtham , which he claims , are authorities for the proposition that if is permissible to engage in an attempt to overthrow a government by vio - lerice .
The writings of Hume and Bentham are quite irrelevant to the present issue , however weighty the opinion of these philosophers may be in academic matters .
Having decided to go beyond the stage of academic discussion , it was necessary that the appellant should have regard not merely to the attractive doctrines of political philosophers but to mundane matters of fact and provisions of the Indian Code .
" This court has no concern with the justice or otherwise of the claims of that appellant or with the rectitude of his political views , but the court may take cognisance of the fact that he does hold certain views ; for as a guide to his conduct and intention these views are of more relevant consideration .
With the knowledge that the appellant considered that he could morally resort to force , it is impossible to put an innocent interpretation on his actions and to hold that he was engaged between the years 1921 and 1924 in peaceful legitimate political propaganda . . .
The learned judge upon consideration of the entire evidence held that M , N . Roy was guilty of offence under Section 121 - A of Indian Penal Code but , however , reduced the sentence to one of 6 years ' R . I .
M . N . Roy was kept throughout in jail since his arrest in 1931 .
He remained unwell in prison and practically in solitary confinement .
By the time the appeal was decided on 2nd May , 1933 , most of his friends had deserted him .
He had to make arrangements for further appeal to Privy Council .
All attempts were made to free him and papers were sent to Dr Rosenfeld in Germany who was to engage some barrister in London .
Sir Stafford Cripps agreed to look into the papers for filing the appeal to the Privy Council .
He gave the opinion that it would be difficult to get any relief in the Privy Council .
He said that an unfavourable verdict of the Privy Council would not only cause harm to the case but may set an adverse precedence in England as well .
However , Roy was of the opinion that as far as India was concerned , the situation would be hardly affected by an adverse decision of the Privy Council , whereas a favourable verdict would be advantageous .
In his opinion , " the extension of the possible avil to British is a very remote possibility , too remote to counter - balance the immediate advantages of a favourable verdict . "
Though Roy wrote a number of letters to express his opinion , he left it to the lawyers in England to decide , but , unfortunately for various reasons , long delays took place and the appeal papers including the certified copy of the judgment were lost and no appeal to the Privy Council was filed .
The case , in fact , ended with the judgment of the Allahabad High Court .
Thus closed the trial which had started with the arrest of N . B . Das Gupta , M . S . Usmani , M . Ahmad and S . A . Dange .
There can be no two opinions that British rulers did their best to curb any organised movement , whether communist or nationalist , to overthrow the British Government in India as it threatened their capitalist interests .
Roy was an international figure , a distinguished revolutionary .
His defence speech would have been as celebrated as that of Emile Zola in the Dryfus case .
His arguments and research was subsequently utilised in the I . N . A . trial and that of Sheikh Abdullah .
It had only one aim - to launch a final attack on the foreign power in India and free it from foreign domination .
After the bombing of Hiroshima in Japan in the middle of 1945 , all resistance of the Axis powers broke .
The Japanese army surrendered and with it also the officers and soldiers of the Indian National Army .
Netaji died in an air - crash on 18th August , 1945 , The entire course of history changed with the surrender of Japan and the death of Netaji .
Some were executed , many were " severely punished and most of the other officeis and soldiers were brought to India .
The government wanted ' to treat them as traitors and punish them accordingly .
But , at the end of the war , the political situation in the country had changed .
The British , realising that they had to leave some day , decided not to treat the officers and soldiers of the l . N . A . as traitors and rebels for fear of enraging the Indians , The feelings of the nation were thus expressed by Pandit Jawahar Lal Nehru on 19th August , 1945 :
At any time , it would have been wrong to treat them too harshly , but at this time , when it is being said that big changes are impending in India , it would be a very grave mistake leading to far - reaching consequences , if they were treated as ordinary rebels .
The Government of India therefore thought it wise to try the officers to prove their guilt before the general public and the world at large .
It was advised to drop charges of sedition and the violation of the oath of allegiance .
The Judge Advocate very fairly summed up the case of both the prosecution and the defence for the benefit of the court .
It was submitted that all the charges had been proved and the rules of International Law relating to war would not apply in the case of those persons who were officers of the Indian Army owing allegiance to the King .
The following facts were conclusively proved by the defence :
That the Provisional Government of Free India was formally established and proclaimed ; On the above facts the defence submitted that , having regard to the conditions under which the Provisional Government had been formed , and was functioning , it was entitled to make war and did make war , for the purpose of liberating this country .
If such a government is held to have a right to make war , a right recognised and accepted by alt nations , then according to International Law , two independent countries or two States may wage war on each other , and those who carry out any action in due prosecution of that war , apart from war criminals , are outside the pale of municipal law .
The defence contended that modern International Law has recognised the right of subject races not at the moment independent to be so organised as to fight for their liberation through an organised army .
" Having found the accused guilty of the charge of waging war , the court was bound to sentence the accused either to death or to transportation for life ; no lesser sentence was permissible under the law .
The sentence of the court on all three accused is transportation for life , cashiering and forfeiture of arrears of pay and allowances .
" No finding or sentence by court martial is complete until confirmed .
The confirming officer , in this case the Commander - in - Chief , is satisfied that the findings of the court are in each instance in conformity with the evidence and he has , therefore , confirmed them .
" The confirming officer is , however , competent to mitigate , commute or remit the sentences .
As already stated in the press , it is the policy of the Government of India to bring to trial in future only such persons as are alleged , in addition , to waging war against the State , to have committed acts of gross brutality ; and it has been announced that in reviewing sentences in any trial the competent authority will have regard to the extent to which the acts proved offences against the canons of civilised behaviour .
" The Commander - in - Chief had decided , therefore , to treat all three accused in the same way in the matter of sentence , and to remit the sentences of transportation for life againt all three accused .
He has , however , confirmed the sentence of cashiering and forfeiture of arrears of pay and allowances , since it is in all circumstances a most serious crime for an officer or soldier to throw off his allegiance and wage war against the State .
This is a principle which it is essential to uphold in the interests of the stability of any government by law established , present or future . "
In dealing with a Tribunal of this character , the work of the counsel for the defence became ever so much more difficult .
His was the task of giving an exposition of complicated matters of International Law in very simple language so that the judges whom he was addressing , men of war and common sense , may grasp and understand them .
It was to this end that Shriyut Bhulabhai used his penetrating intellect and his persuasive eloquence .
No one who reads his speech for the defence can fail to realise that it is an effort worthy of a great and eminent advocate . "
This was the last trial of Indian patriots by the British Government .
The first trial of Bahadur Shah Zafar was an example of British injustice , the last , an example of justice and fair play .
Sheikh Muhammad Abdullah Sheikh Muhammad Abdullah was born on 5th December , 1905 at Soura , a suburb of Srinagar .
His father died a fortnight before his birth , leaving behind a widow , six sons and two daughters .
The family was engaged in a modest ' pashmina ' shawl trade .
Sheikh Abdullah did his matriculation from the Government High School at Srinagar and later on went on to complete his M . Sc . in Physics from the Aligarh Muslim University , in 1930 .
Early in life Sheikh Abdullah was influenced by Islamic teachings and history mainly through his devoutly religious mother and elder brother .
Poet Iqbal also made a deep impact on him .
On entering politics , he was impressed by the ideas of Gandhi , Azad , Nehru and the AH brothers .
In 1930 , Sheikh Abdullah organised the Youngmen ' s Muslim Association to campaign for better representation of Muslims in government service .
Later , he accepted a job in the Government High School , Srinagar , as a science teacher but continued with his political activities , for which , he was soon dismissed .
His first political recognition was his inclusion in a committee of seven prominent Kashmiri Muslims , formed to protest against police firing on a mob outside the court that tried one Abdul Qadir on 13th July , 1931 .
Sheikh Abdullah was first arrested on 21st September , 1931 .
He was elected president of the Muslim Conference formed in October , 1932 .
In early 1939 , it was converted into the National Conference of which he remained president till 1953 , except for the years 1942 and 1944 .
In May , 1946 , he was sentenced to nine years ' imprisonment for launching the ' Quit Kashmir ' movement , and for challenging the Maharaja ' s right to rule over Kashmir .
On his release on 29th September , 1947 , he declared that the people alone and not the ruler could decide the future of the State .
Sheikh Abdullah mobilised popular resistance against the raiders and support for accession of the State to India .
On 31st October , 1947 , he was apppointed head of the Emergency Administration and on 5th March , 1948 made the Prime Minister of the State .
In June , 1949 he joined the Constituent Assembly of India and was a signatory to the Constitution .
Distrust between Sheikh Abdullah and Indian leaders culminated in his dismissal and arrest on 9th August , 1953 as he was suspected of seeking the State ' s secession from India .
He assumed the role of a mediator between India and Pakistan in their dispute over Kashmir , but , his attitude regarding Kashmir ' s association with India was enigmatic .
His confused and contradictory pronouncements made him a suspect in Indian political circles as also among a large section of Kashmiris .
With Nehru ' s death on 27th May , 1964 , the process of negotiation came to an abrupt end .
Sheikh Abdullah was again arrested after his return to Delhi from Haj pilgrimage on 8th May , 1965 for his activities abroad and his alliance with powers not friendly to India .
With his charismatic father - figure image , halo of martyrdom due to long periods of incarceration , dare - devil dash and courage , unusual rhetorical skill , and 6 ' 1 " - towering figure , Sheikh Abdullah was the tallest political personality of Kashmir who came to be called the ' Lion of Kashmir ' ' .
" Where law is not based on the will of the people , it can lend itself to the suppression of their aspirations .
Such law has no moral validity even though it may be enforced for a while .
There is a law higher than that ; that represents the people ' s will and secures their well - being , and there is the Tribunal of human conscience , which judges the rulers and the ruled alike by standards which do not change by the arbitrary will of the most powerful .
This movement did not remain confined to British India but spread throughout the subcontinent , including the princely States where the condition of the people was no better than that under the British rulers .
The Indian National Congress was primarly engaged in obtaining the freedom from the British rule in India , while the movement for freedom from monarchical rule in princely States was being carried on by organisations like the Praja Mandal , National Conference , etc .
Treaty of Amritsar Kashmir , a strategic but sensitive princely State of India , was being ruled by the house of the Dogras under the Treaty of Amritsar signed in 1846 , whereby the Britishers had sold Kashmir to Maharaja Gulab Singh for a paltry sum of Rs 50 lakhs .
Since then the Maharajas were ruling the people of Kashmir as their private property .
The freedom movement in Kashmir was started by Sheikh Muhammad Abdullah , Pandit Premnath Bazaz and others under the guidance of Mahatma Gandhi and Jawahar Lal Nehru , and it had taken firm root .
At the end of the Second World War in 1946 , when the Cabinet Mission headed by Lord Penthick Lawrence came to India , Sheikh Abdullah placed before it the problems of Kashmir and its people , and their right to freedom .
He pointed out :
" As Mission is at the moment reviewing the relationship of princes with the Paramount Power with reference to treaty rights , we wish to submit that for us in Kashmir re - examination of this relationship is a vital matter because a hundred years ago , in 1846 , the land and people of Kashmir were sold away to servitude of Dogra House by British for seventy - five lakhs of Sikh rupees , equivalent to fifty lakhs of British Indian rupees .
The then Governor of Kashmir resisted transfer , but was finally reduced to subjection with the aid of British .
Rapid industrialisation has led to deterioration in the quality of air .
Widespread use of coal and fossil fuels in industries and petroleum fuel in motor vehicles has aggravated the air pollution problem .
Our atmosphere seems to have become a waste - basket into which dust , npxious fumes , toxic gases and other pollutants are callously thrown .
In Russia , a chemical manufacturing complex near Leo Tolstoy ' s former estate has been discharging chemical vapours and fumes into the air for years .
As a result , oak and pine forests in this renowned tourist area are being destroyed .
India is not free of air pollution though we have a lesser number of vehicles in comparison to the western world .
The intensity of air pollution in our cities is increasing primarily due to our vintage vehicles and their poor performance which is in no way less dangerous than the pollution seen at London or New York .
It is reported that about 25 per cent of the student population in Greater Calcutta is susceptible to tuberculosis , largely due to the risk of increasing air pollution .
Water pollution too has increased with the growth of our population as also that of our industry ( population of India as per the latest Census is about 850 million which is expected to cross the billion mark by the end of this century ) .
Water pollution has acquired dangerous dimensions ever since sewage and industrial effluents are being disposed into the rivers .
The rivers once considered sacred are now turning murky and stink .
It is indeed a sad commentary that three - fourths of our fellow citizens have no choice other than to drink filthy water , The severely polluted river courses due to mindless dumping of sewage and industrial wastes are a cause for concern not only to us humans , but to myriads of life forms that exist in water .
In comparison , Indian beaches are not so badly affected , however .
Inorganic fertilisersnitrogen , phosphates and potashhave been applied in larger quantities to farmlands .
These phosphates and nitrates concentrate in lakes and estuaries causing algal blooms , by which wide expanses of water get choked , plants rot , oxygen is used up and fish die .
Besides fertilisers , numerous pesticides , insecticides and herbicides are also applied .
These substances are reported to contaminate both surface and ground waters .
Particulate and gaseous fluorides accumulate on forage to such an extent as to build up concentrations in excess of 30 to 50 ppm on the inside and outside of the leaves .
The leaves of fruit trees like apple , apricot , fig , peach , prune and members of Citraceae family are susceptible to injury by fluorides in the air .
Smog which contains ozone , peroxyacyl nitrates and other photochemical oxidants is reported to produce early maturity or senescence in plants .
Exposure to air containing ozone results in the formation of lesions on the upper surfaces of the leaves of certain trees .
Ozone flecking is observed in grape , citrus and tobacco plants .
Other gaseous pollutants also cause damage to plants .
Ammonia and hydrogen sulphide are also phytotoxic .
Studies on the effects of air pollution provide information on the chemical nature of air pollutants .
The day is not far to use appropriate plant species as alarm - signals of potential danger to human health before the clinical symptoms are manifested .
This layer of ozone is of vital importance to the earth as it acts as a screen and prevents ultraviolet radiations from the sun to reach the earth ' s surface .
Until 1987 , the depletion of ozone layer was not of much concern .
But , after the detection of a hole in the ozone layer in the earth ' s stratosphere over the Antarctic made scientists sit up and do serious thinking .
The hole has grown since then and now , it may extend to an area as large as the United States of America .
To add further to the agony , another hole has been detected by Canadian scientists and this time over the Arctic .
These holes drift around , according to climatic conditions .
Not only holes , but also thinning of the ozone layer over the entire surface has been observed .
How do these holes in ozone layer occur ?
What is the reason for thinning of the ozone layer ?
This is probably due to the use of chlorofluorocarbons ( CFC ) worldwide as refrigerants , coolants , propellants in aerosol sprays and plastic foams .
It has to be ensured that the pollution control equipments are operated continuously and rigorously by the industrialists .
In order to protect human health , power stations , fertiliser plants , cement and pesticide industries or any other industry that discharges heavy smoke and toxic fumes should be installed far away from human habitations .
Trees are capable of absorbing more of carbon dioxide and help reduce the atmospheric carbon dioxide levels , thus maintaining equilibrium in the air composition .
Many techniques for the control of automobile emissions have been developed . These include tune - ups , catalytic reactors and engine modification .
A tune - up has a significant effect on emission compounds .
For example , a high air - fuel ratio will reduce the concentrations of both carbon dioxide and hydrocarbons .
The catalytic reactor oxidises toxic carbon monoxide to the innocuous carbon dioxide , thereby reducing the nitrogen oxides to nitrogen .
Engine modifications have some marked advantages .
In the modified engine , a broad flame is produced for burning of fuel .
Intensive research is on the anvil to produce pollution - free engines .
The afflictions include multi - organ damages besides neurological , chromosomal and genetic disorders .
One of the worst air pollution disasters occurred in London , during December 1952 .
A dense fog settled on the city for four days leading to many deaths .
From the mortality records , it was found that about 4,000 deaths occurred in comparison to a similar period in previous years during the episode and in the following weeks .
Further , a close correlation was found between excess atmospheric concentrations of smoke and sulphur dioxide and mortality .
Another disaster occurred prior to the one at London and at Meuse Valley in Belgium in the first week of December 1930 , due to the heavy fog associated with air - trapped smoke and emissions from neighbouring industrial plants .
It is reported that many residents complained of respiratory symptoms and the number of deaths was about ten times of that expected under prdinary circumstances .
In October 1948 there was a catastrophe in Donora , Pennsylvania ( USA ) in a highly industrial area .
The inhabitants suffered an anomalous weather ( unusually still and stable air ) .
The death toll was 17 in an area where only two deaths were a normal happening in an equivalent period of time .
At Poza Rica in Mexico an industrial accident took place in a refinery in November 1950 .
The entire region of Los Angeles was affected for some time with relatively high concentrations of air pollutants which caused irritation of the eyes , nose and throat .
A peculiar malady from 1924 to 1927 afflicted fishermen along the east ~ coast of Prussia , facing the Baltic Sea , which was ascribed to air pollution .
The condition was termed ' Haff disease ' because it afflicted the Haff community primarily .
The disease was manifested with muscle cramps and anaemia , resembling arsine gas poisoning .
We all know about rains which shower water .
But , have you ever heard about the rain ' in which acids are showered instead of water ?
Of course , this is a new phenomenon occurring since the past three decades in different parts of the world where industries are clustered and where large numbers of automobiles ply .
Rain falls as pure water and on its enroute to the earth , reacts with the oxides of sulphur and nitrogen to form acids .
No doubt , from the industrial emissions where coal and oil are fired , and from automobile exhausts .
Acid rain is thus created by industrial activities that pollute the air .
The main sources are electric power plants that use the energy produced by burning coal to generate electricity .
Most coal contain small amounts of sulphur , which is converted to sulphur dioxide when the coal is burned .
Why are environmentalists so concerned about acid rain ?
Because this is a global menace which after devastating a large part of the northern hemisphere is now intruding into the industrial regions of the South This versatile destroyer eats away the forests , acidifies fresh water sources , afflicts human beings , and , causes irreversible damage to monuments and buildings which stand as testimony of time and symbols of our culture and civilisation of the yester years .
Acidity or alkalinity of water is measured on pH scale .
As already indicated , rain - water has a pH of less than 7 .
Then what is it that makes the ordinary rain - water turn acidic and come down as acid rain ?
The change is brought about due to the gases ( oxides of sulphur ) spewed by industries and automobile exhausts ( oxides of nitrogen ) .
These gases react under the influence of oxidants , catalysts and sun ' s radiation before dissolving in water droplets and ice crystals to form dilute acid solutions .
These acid solutions fall to the earth as rain , snow , hail , dew and fog .
A peculiarity of acid rain is that while the causative agents are emitted at one place , the acid rain falls at another .
The pollutants released in one country enter the atmosphere and while circulating with the air currents , move thousands of kilometres across the earth ' s surface to fall as acid rain in another country .
For example , the pollutants released in England and Germany were deposited as acid rain in Sweden and Norway respectively .
While Canada releases much less of pollutant gases in comparison to the United States of America , acid rain tends to occur mostly in Canada .
Rainfall knows no national boundaries and unlike other types of pollution , acid rain is regarded as a global phenomenon .
Since the advent of the industrial revolution in the eighteenth century / man has been engaged in discovering varied sources of energy for manufacturing varied types of materials .
Ultimately more coal and fuel have to be burnt and the sulphur contained in the fuel gets converted to sulphur dioxidethe acidic gas and the quantum of emissions are the greatest in this century .
The problem of acid rain started in the early 1950s .
To reduce the emission of smoke into the atmosphere , gas cylinders were introduced to stop burning of coal and power plants were fitted with precipitators to remove fly ash from the combustion gases .
The newer power plants built far away from the cities are provided with tall chimneys , often more than 150 metres high , to disperse the sulphur dioxide so that it would not reach the ground in high concentrations .
Most of the sulphur dioxide remains in the air for a longer time so that more of it is converted to sulphuric acid .
A recent survey indicates that about 150 million tonnes of sulphur dioxide are discharged into the atmosphere every year , which in turn is converted into sulphuric acid .
Two - thirds of the acid rain is attributed to the formation of sulphuric acid .
About one - third of the acid rain is due to nitric acid which is formed in the atmosphere by reaction with oxides of nitrogen emitted by vehicles .
It is estimated that each year , about 40 million tonnes of oxides of nitrogen are released into the atmosphere .
Most seriously affected is a strip of land running from western New York east into Vermont , Massachusetts till North Carolina .
Acid rain is reported to fall even in Yellowstone National Park and in the wilderness of Colorado .
Thirty years ago , the forest was a dense canopy of red spruce trees and balm firs .
Some of them are 30 metres high and some are centuries old .
It is a sad fact that most of them are dying , turning the forest area into a barren hill .
A similar phenomenon is occurring in many countries of the northern hemisphere like West Germany .
It is reported that about 500 million square metres of forest in central Europe alone have been damaged by acid rain .
About 20 per cent of the United States lakes are sterilelakes are crystal clear , but lifeless .
Who is the culprit for the death of these lakes ?
No doubt , acid rain !
It is reported that trout and salmon have become rare in many lakes and rivers of Scandinavia and Canada .
When the pH reduces ( i . e . acidity increases ) below 5.5 , fish commonly fail to reproduce .
Even breathing becomes a problem because the aluminium compounds accumulate in their gills .
These aluminium compounds are formed by the dissolution of sediments , when the pH of water approaches the acidic limit .
At the same time , the variety and number of small aquatic plants is reduced .
Larger plants such as water lilies may disappear .
It has been known for many years that metals such as steel and copper corrode much faster in polluted air than in clean air .
Limestone is also attacked by acids and stone buildings and statues are being damaged in many cities .
Taj Mahal , one of the world ' s seven wonders , has developed such stone leprosy due to impingement of acid fumes emitted by the nearby refinery at Mathura .
For 2,500 years , the caryatids or the six marble maidens ( carved by Greek sculptor Phidias in 5th century B . C . ) adorned the Greek capital of Athens .
However , in 1977 they were removed and sent to a museum .
The reason being acid rain .
Britain too has suffered from the effects of acid rain as is evident from the erosions on historic buildings at Canterbury , Oxford and London .
Acid rain has added a new dimension to existing international problems .
However , on the home front constant vigil is necessary as cities like Bombay , Calcutta and Delhi have fairly high levels of sulphur dioxide in their atmosphere .
Prevention and Control of Acid Rain Control of acid deposition is not easy because it is due to varied human activities . However , the following steps must be taken right now to prevent the situation from getting out of control :
Power stations that utilise coal as fuel must turn to the use of low sulphur coals or fuels with less pollution potential .
The engines may be properly tuned so that the emission from the exhaust is much less .
Pest is a general term applied to living organisms such as insects , rodents , weeds , fungi , etc . which compete with man for food and in the process , cause damage to plants and animals besides posing health hazards to human beings .
Chemicals and other substances used to control pests are termed as pesticides .
Pesticides protect crops against pests but in the process affect man and livestock .
Today about 1,000 pesticides are in use by farmers , gardeners / foresters and in homes , industries , godowns and shops .
Organophosphorus compounds are biodegradable and do not persist for long periods .
For many years the ill - effects of the pesticides were not known .
It was in 1950 when scientists in the USA suddenly observed that the bird population , particularly of eagles , falcons and ospreys ( a kind of eagle that eats fish only ) was declining .
Careful observation showed that these birds were able to lay only thin - shelled eggs .
A strange phenomenon that was observed was that birds were affected similarly in places where DDT had not been sprayed either .
After several years it vas proved that because , DDT was not biodegradable , it remained unchanged and was carried over by the wind , air and rivers to remote corners of land and sea .
So much so that even the penguins in Antarctica ( where there is the least likelihood of DDT reaching ) showed signs of DDT in their bodies .
DDT accumulates in the human body too .
It is still not known at what extent this build - up becomes harmful .
A survey conducted in 1989 - 90 indicated that about 600 people died and thousands of people in India were crippled due to pesticide poisoning .
At Chikmagalur in Karnataka , people who had eaten crabs were crippled due to pesticides .
Further , due to a lack of natural enemies of pests there was a high resurgence of numerous varieties of pests .
Before any serious catastrophe occurs , the pesticide problem has to be tackled on a war - footing , as India is the largest producer and user of pesticides in South Asia .
Recent investigations reveal that our country uses 2 per cent of the world ' s pesticides and half the world ' s pesticide poisoning occurs here only .
Further , several toxic substances already banned in developed countries due to their high toxicity and carcinogenic properties ( cancer producing ) continue to be used in our country .
Some of the measures to avert pesticide pollution are :
Educate the farmers to restrict the use of pesticides .
Use selective and relatively safe chemicals .
Speed up research in inventing biodegradable pesticides .
Biologically control pests and introduce newer parasites and predators as enemies of pests .
Increase the use of plant - based pesticides , such as neem derivatives .
Use artificial pheremones to lure insects and make them sterile .
Invent more efficient mechanical devices in addition to the devices available at present ( such as the light trap ) .
Above all , scientists have to evince greater interest in developing newer varieties of crops that are resistant to pests .
Nature has taken millennia of years to shape this world .
It has bestowed on us a wide variety of materials to live and enjoy .
But man seems determined to destroy the world within this century .
He is depleting every available resource at a fast rate , paralysing the water courses and slowly converting them into waste - bins .
In fact our planet is a water planet as it contains 70 per cent of water , the rest being the earth .
But man who lives on 30 per cent of this planet is bringing the entire 70 per cent of water under peril and intoxicating it through a careless attitude to the environment .
He continues to carry on with his policy of ' murder ' .
Man ' s activities ( under the name of progress ) and their effect on the priceless gift of Naturethe water have to be seen , heard or read to believe .
The major pollutants threatening the sanctity of our water resources are industrial effluents , sewage and farm wastes .
As such industrial , municipal and agricultural pollution along with ground - water and ocean pollution will be discussed in this chapter .
It was taken for granted that rivers and lakes were logical places to dump refuse .
Industrial activities generate a wide variety of waste products which are generally discharged into water courses .
All kinds of industries , founded during the past four decades , discharge effluents of varied nature .
Some of these wastes are poisonous , some are responsible for long - term effects , while the effects of still others are yet to be ascertained .
As technology develops , newer types of wastes are generated .
This makes the control of chemical pollutants very difficult .
More than 66,000 different compounds are used in industry , of which less than 2 per cent have been tested for possible side - effects .
In Holland , for instance , the Rhine river is called the ' sewer of Europe ' .
By the time the Rhine reaches the coast of Holland , it is 20 per cent sewage and industrial waste .
Inorganic wastes include acids , alkalis , dyes , heavy metals , toxic substances ( such as cyanide ) and gaseous pollutants .
Organic compounds also constitute a larger proportion of industrial wastes .
The table below gives an idea of the type of effluent discharged by a particular industry .
Table 2 Types of Effluents Discharged by Industries No .
Industries Important Constituents of the Effluent 1 .
Lead , mineral acids .
Sulphite , free chlorine .
Alkalis , free chlorine , fats , oil and grease .
Pesticides and allied toxic sub - stances , mineral acids .
Hydrocarbons , phenols , fats , oil and grease .
Biological pollutants include bacteria , viruses , plants and animals .
The impact of these pollutants on human health and fish life , etc . are dealt in the following pages .
Acids : Both organic and inorganic acids are discharged into rivers in the form of industrial effluents .
Ammonia acts like poison to fish when it enters the body through the gills .
The presence of excess amount of . free chlorine in water courses is undesirable because it is a powerful irritant .
Hydrogen sulphide emits a foul smell which is commonly felt when nearing rivers and streams .
Even a concentration of 0.001 ppm of hydrogen sulphide in the water can emit the smell of rotten egg .
Oils : Replacement of coal by oil as a fuel has aggravated the problem of pollution .
Oil has a tendency to spread over the surface of water , thus inhibiting the diffusion of oxygen into water .
Oil is reported to coat the gills of fish and affect their respiration .
Oil is pushed to the shore by water currents and winds , thus spoiling the beaches and making bathing or swimming impossible .
Out of this nearly 1,150 are dead and the unlucky ones are those who survived but with permanent disabilities .
Even the unborn foetus in the mother ' s womb was not spared .
Most forms of inorganic mercury are converted to methyl mercury by micro - organisms under certain conditions in an aquatic environment .
Fish can absorb methyl mercury directly through their gills or ingest by eating microscopic plants and animals like phytoplankton and zooplankton which absorb methyl mercury from the water .
These small fishes are in turn eaten up by larger fishes whose bodies then receive more mercury .
The quantum of mercury thus concentrated in the fish amounts to a million times more than that of the surrounding water .
Mercury enters and remains in the brain , causing damage .
Accumulation of mercury in body also causes kidney damage and birth defects , affecting the foetus in pregnant mothers .
It can affect liver function and cause diabetes and hypertension .
Cadmium ranks next to mercury in its toxicity .
The principal contributor of cadmium is the electroplating industry .
It tends to accumulate in the liver , kidneys and thyroid and causes high blood pressure , cramps , nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea .
Cadmium tends to be absorbed by suspended particles and settles to the bottom of the source of water .
For this reason , even in polluted , rivers , the cadmium levels in the water may not be detectable but can have serious consequences .
The itai - itai ( ouch - ouch ) ' disease involving skeletal deformities was so called because it led to multiple fractures arising from osteomalacia ( a disease resulting in softening of bones ) .
The toxic effects of arsenic on humans are not known yet .
Since the tissues build up a tolerance to arsenic , death takes place only when consumed in excess .
Arsenic enters water courses via the discharge of sheep - dipping effluents and through the use of fungicides and weedicides , thus affecting the process of heredity .
It is a cumulative , potent , protoplasmic poison causing diarrhoea , peripheral neuritis , conjunctivitis , hyperketosis and lung and skin cancer .
The symptoms of metal poisoning came to light at a later stage only .
Under the situation prevailing in India , the symptoms would be mistaken as a consequence of poverty .
It may also enter the water supply due to the use of lead pipes or plastic pipes which have been stabilised with lead compounds .
Both lead and arsenic damage the chromosomes , thus interfering with the process of heredity .
Lead above the level of 40 microgrammes per 100 grammes of blood causes brain damage in children .
During 1977 a number of cattle died at Malappadu , a village in Andhra Pradesh .
The temperature of water is considered as a major feature of the environment , as it may affect the concentration of dissolved oxygen , the pH , the rate of biochemical reactions and the physical activity of aquatic animals .
Most species of fish can adapt themselves to a fairly wide range of water temperature , provided the tempera - hire change occurs gradually .
Sharp changes in temperature such as sudden rise or decrease are often harmful .
The temperature changes not only affect fish but also the entire aquatic ecosystem .
If a change of temperature alters types and abundances of lower organisms , then the fish may lack the right food at the right time .
The activities of pathogenic organisms are accelerated by higher temperatures and they become more virulent .
As such , if one or two species disappear , the ecosystem may not have sufficient diversity left to compensate for the loss .
Sewage Pollutants in Water Water pollution has been a problem ever since we started disposing sewage into our rivers and other water courses .
The problem has assumed serious dimensions during the past 50 years particularly with the increase in pollution due to ever - increasing population .
The natural purification mechanisms of the oceans cannot degrade it as plastics are non - biodegradable material .
Turtles and fish which mistake plastic as edible material swallow it and upon swallowing , suffocate and die .
In 1986 , the US Academy of Sciences noted that the world ' s merchant ships dump at least 6.6 tonnes of trash overboard annually .
In 1972 , nations including the USA agreed to ban dumping of plastic into the oceans .
But the treaty failed to consider the dumping of ordinary garbage which contains large amounts of plastic items .
The developed countries woke up to the dangers of pollution in the 1950s when the Thames river in England became heavily polluted and sterile .
We failed to learn a lesson from such disasters and continue dumping wastes into our rivers , unmindful of the consequences .
With the result , our rivers which we consider holy are no longer so but are laden with pollutants , making them unsuitable for providing water for drinking and other purposes .
In northern India , river Ganges originates in the Himalayas and while flowing through Allahabad , Kanpur , Lucknow , Varanasi , Monghyr , Sultanganj , Bhagalpur , Farakka and Nadia collects litres of untreated sewage and trade effluents .
The river Ganges is further polluted by lakhs of devotees taking a dip all along its course .
Dead bodies and carcasses floating over its surface is a common sight .
It is stated that every year about 30,000 bodies are burnt on the banks of the Ganges .
Ashes and partly burnt ( or unburnt ) bodies are discharged into the river , turning it into a mere drain or cesspool .
It originates in the Western Ghats in Karnataka and meanders over 800 kms before entering the Bay of Bengal . During its course into Tamil Nadu , the Cauvery flows through Pallipalayam , Erode and Trichy and gets polluted due to the clustering of huge chemical , paper and sugar industries , distilleries and textile processing units in these towns .
Effluents discharged into Cauvery from these industries is estimated to be about 110 million litres per day .
There are about 400 tanneries in Tamil Nadu of which 260 units are located in the North Arcot district .
Calcutta was known as the ' city of palaces ' and the ' city of gardens ' in the early part of this century .
But the water pollution and air pollution in the city has risen so high that it was called ' the dirtiest city ' by the World Health Organisation in 1956 .
However , the Ganga Action Plan to clean the river ( Hooghly ) is being implemented since some years now and is reported to have completed 65 projects ( as per the 1991 report ) and about 83 million litres of waste water is being treated every day .
Sri M . Vinayak writes about the pollution extent in Calcutta as follows : " Calcutta ' s air , water and noise pollution levels have risen far beyond the tolerance levels . By the year 2000 , few in this megapolis can hope to lead a healthy life as M . Vinayak is a columnist with The Hindu . already respiratory diseases , gastro - enteric ailments and incidents of malaria are common .
Pollution of water by industrial wastes has led to a rise in the incidence of gastro - enteric diseases .
This accounts for the high rate of infant mortality in the slums where almost half of the city ' s population lives . "
The condition of some major lakes in India is no better .
The Hussainsagar Lake , the major source of drinking water in Hyderabad , has lost its pristine beauty to become a vast spread of greasy fluid that kills fish and breeds mosquitoes .
It was reported by the divers engaged in searching for the submerged Buddha statue that they could not see their own palms in the greenish waters .
As much as 30 million litres of waste water containing sewage and industrial wastes from the small - scale industries ( nearly 1,500 ) located in the catchment area are released every day .
Adding to the burden is the immersion into the lake of Ganesh idols made of plaster of paris during the Ganesh Chaturthi festival every year .
However , the Andhra Pradesh Pollution Control Board has recently woken up to ban such immersions .
The Dal Lake in Jammu &amp; Kashmir is covered with weeds .
This is a recent phenomenon caused by tourists who throw left - overs of their meals into the lake .
Fed on this waste food , the weeds have grown abundantly , turning the lake into a ghastly spot .
The Loktak Lake in eastern India ( Manipur ) is the world ' s only floating sanctuary .
It is under serious peril and may dry up soon .
Denudation of forests and severe soil erosion have led to heavy siltation of the lake .
Experts say that if the lake is not dredged , it will soon become a playground .
Renuka , a picturesque lake in Himachal Pradesh , contains abundant varieties of fish , tortoise and crocodiles .
The lake is reported to be drying ( shrinking ) because of heavy siltation due to mining practices and increased growth of elephant grass .
The beautiful Chilka Lake in Orissa is choked with vegetation and needs to be attended on a war - footing .
Prevention and Control of Water Pollution The principal contributors of water pollution are industrial effluents and sewage .
The time is ripe to plunge into speedy action to avert any major disaster .
Effluent treatment systems have to be incorporated as an integral part of the industry .
In addition some of the following measures can also be adopted :
Process Modification : Switching over to new techniques that need no water is highly beneficial .
Of the 3,119 towns and cities in our country , only eight have provisions for complete sewage treatment while 209 have partial treatment facilities .
The remaining towns have no such facility and this is leading to increase in water - borne diseases and epidemics .
Treatment of sewage alone is not the only criterion for checking pollution .
Every citizen has to realise that pollution starts from the house .
Vegetables , papers , waste food , plastics and similar items should not be thrown in open drains , but placed inside paper bags and disposed off in bins kept in the streets by the local bodies for this purpose .
Water , the elixir of life , is a priceless commodity and should not be wasted .
Without water , there can be no life on the earth .
After the discovery of oil it became the prime fuel to be used in every sector .
Unfortunately this fuel is not available in all parts of the world .
Most countries have to import oil from the oil - rich nations who in turn have to transport millions of tonnes of oil daily .
Since transportation by road or by air is not feasible , oil is transported by ships .
To cater to global requirements , ships carry oil across the waterways .
The main routes are across the Arabian Sea .
These maritime accidents are mainly due to grounding , collision , fire or explosion , resulting in the release of oil .
The first such accident occurred in 1967 .
These hillocks , if heaped together , will form mountains .
Massive amounts of solid wastes are disposed of each day by our consumer society .
The tonnage of solid wastes produced per annum all over the world is estimated to be about 10 billion tonnes , and all these wastes when piled together will form a mountain as high as Mount Everest .
The USA , the world ' s largest consumer nation , has the most serious solid waste problem .
Household refuse , commercial waste , industrial rubbish and construction debris total more than 700,000 metric tonnes daily in the USA .
These solid wastes have become an integral part of our life .
Needless to say these wastes devour our precious landscape and spoil the aesthetics of the surroundings .
Any unwanted and / or discarded material thrown away in solid form that has arisen from the normal community activity is solid waste .
This includes garbage ( kitchen wastes , food wastes ) , rubbish materials such as paper , rag , glass bottles , metallic cans , plastics , fibres , residues from home fuels , street sweepings , building debris , rubbles and abandoned vehicles .
This solves the disposal of wastes and also yields revenue besides compensating for the expenditure incurred on its collection and transportation .
1 Recycling is the utilisation of wastes as raw materials in the manufacture of new products .
It has two distinct advantages : 1 ) conservation of existing natural resources , e . g . recovery of 1 tonne of paper saves about 17 trees from the axe which are the virgin sources of paper , and 2 ) sufficient reduction in the volume of waste to be disposed .
Similarly various types of plastic materials ' are melted to mould into various useful articles .
This is a biological method of decomposing the organic solid wastes under aerobic conditions .
This compost is an excellent soil conditioner .
Cow dung in new exclusively utilised in the production of bio - gas .
The used dung slurry can be reused as manure .
Conversion of Waste into Energy At the global level , USA is the leadingmost nation to have about 130 waste - to - energy power plants ( the largest of them processes about 12,000 tonnes of garbage per week and generates 68 MW electricity ) .
But we are unable to convert it into energy .
However , in Bombay a fuel pellet station has been set up , where the garbage is processed before incineration .
Th ' s plant is expected to produce 80 tonnes of fuel pellets per day , out of the 150 tonnes of garbage fed .
The pellet may be used as an industrial and domestic fuel .
If the plant proves successful , many such waste - to - energy plants can be installed elsewhere too .
In India , among all the methods , land fill is considered to be the cheapest and most effective means of solid waste disposal .
This is particularly feasible in low - lying areas around a city .
In this method refuse is dumped in pits and covered with layers of earth .
Land reclaimed by this method can be conveniently utilised for parks , playgrounds and other light structures .
( This method should not be adopted for areas having a high ground - water table , as the water may get contaminated in due course ) .
The slag wastes ( from metal extraction industries ) may be used to fill the quarries and mines and the landscape may thus be restored .
Incineration and pyrolysis are some other methods practised at certain places .
Incineration is burning of the waste material to produce a residue that may not pose any health hazard .
Pyrolysis is also burning in the absence of oxygen .
However , these methods are not in extensive use as the quantity of ash produced is again a nuisance since its disposal becomes a problem .
Keeping the city clean is the prime duty of every citizen , and the measures suggested can be fruitful in achieving the goal .
Certain substances ( elements and particles ) are capable of degrading by themselves and releasing energy in the form of radiation .
Such radiation is not visible to our eyes , but it can penetrate our body and do immense harm .
On 6 August , 1945 the first atomic bomb was dropped over Hiroshima in Japan .
Wastes from nuclear power plants do not give off offensive odour nor do they release any obnoxious gases .
Despite these advantages , wastes from nuclear power plants are considered dangerous .
The cause of the problem is that nuclear waste becomes harmless only after millions of years .
The plutonium produced during power generation ( 200 kg per year per reactor ) is sufficient to cause cancer in every human being .
Abnormal births , mutations , sterility , severe skin burns and lowering of body resistance against disease are other serious effects .
Constant exposure to radiation causes genetic defects and can affect the generations to come .
Radio - tracers are extensively used in the fields of medicine , industry , agriculture and biology to determine the course of chemical and biochemical reactions .
Substances administered to patients and used in radiation therapy are now proving important sources of nuclear harm .
Radiation from X - rays , colour TV sets , luminous dials of clocks and watches , X - ray fluoroscope are further aggravating the situation .
Prevention and Control of Radiation Radiation from natural sources cannot be checked but the levels of radiation from man - made sources can be controlled to some extent in the following manner
Forests cover approximately one - fifth of the total land area of the Indian peninsula .
The wildlife inhabiting the Indian forests is rich in number and variety .
It is reported that Indian forests provide habitation to about 500 species of reptiles , 2,100 species of birds and a wide range of 30,000 species of insects .
They provide oxygen without which life is not possible on earth .
They maintain a healthy gaseous balance in the atmosphere .
They are great moderators of climate .
Plants increase the humidity of water vapour from their exposed surfaces by way of transpiration .
As one may be aware , forests extensively control soil erosion and landslides .
Forests in the hilly areas keep the soil of river banks intact with their extensive root system .
They also maintain the stability of the mountain slopes .
The aerial parts of the plants intercept rain , decreasing its erosive power .
Ground flora and the thick layer of litter and humus in the forests act as sponge and help retain the water received in the form of rain or through the melting of snow ; this prevents floods in the plains .
Through centuries forests have provided us fuel , fodder and timber wood ; our several industries are based on certain resources which are found in the woods .
Our paper pulp , rayon and plywood industries are completely dependent on forest produce .
Trees provide drugs , spices , fruit , fibres , gums , resins , rubber and latex .
Raw materials required by the dyeing and tanning industry include my - robalan , oil seeds , honey , beeswax , bidi leaves and sandal - wood .
It is estimated that our national income via these products and timberwood is more than 600 crores of rupees per annum .
About 40 million tribals have their homes in the forests all over the country .
They not only carry out forestry operations but also constitute an integral part of the forest environment .
Some of their basic necessities , viz . food , fodder and shelter are met by the forests .
In short , forests protect our environment , maintain the ecological balance , reduce pollution and noise levels , protect land from erosion caused due to rains and storms , prevent formation of sand dunes and deserts , add to the aesthetic value of the landscape and help tide over our energy problems .
Over tne years , the population has increased to reach stupendous figures .
Consequently , the need for fuel and timber has increased manifold leading to the felling of millions of trees .
In the name of production and development , trees are cut down and the forest areas made clear .
Exploitation practices which destroy the very resource base on which the people ' s future rests is like killing a ' golden goose ' .
Sunderlal Bahuguna , the founder of the renowned ' Chipko ' movement has described this as thus : " The clear - felling of the forests for apple cultivation and apple packing cases , the reckless resin tapping of the chir pines and the construction of motorable roads in the hillsare all taking a heavy toll of the Himalayan forest cover .
Every year we are losing a fertile soil of 5,300 million tonnes , that is equivalent to the loss of 30 to 50 million tonnes of foodgrain .
If forest cover is depleted at such a rate ( 750 million sq m / year ) then the problem of soil erosion would assume enormous proportions .
Forests play an important role in the conservation of water .
Roots of trees hold together the soil which absorbs water .
The top soil is very fertile and nothing can grow without it . It takes Nature thousands of years to create a thin layer of top soil .
As a result , reservoirs lose their storage capacity ( already many of our reservoirs are silted heavily ) .
It has become necessary to both strengthen and expand the area under forest cover because what we have is no longer adequate to meet all our needs for wood . The open stretches of land , whether public or private , need to be used to produce more wood and this can be achieved by planting trees .
Every small piece of open land must be used to plant varied tree species which will give us fruit , fuel , wood and shade and above all , every tree that we plant must be protected and allowed to grow to its full size .
To save our earth from vast environmental degradation due to deforestation , education of the masses is necessary so as to warn them about illegal felling of trees and that forest , rain , wildlife and agriculture form an interconnected system that sustains our ecology and human life .
Trees are like our limbs ; each time one is cut , our chances of survival get reduced .
The government has woken up and is engaged in various afforestation schemes .
Acts to conserve - forests have been enforced .
Afforestation programmes have to be stepped up further , though at present two movements to conserve forests have become popular in India .
Apart from the ' Chipko ' movement of Sunderlal Bahuguna for protesting against forest devastation in the upper catchments of the Himalayan rivers , another movement called ' Appiko ' was started in Karnataka where activists and children hug trees whenever the need arises , to protect them from the axe .
It is my hateful task to deck her every day , to send her to my beloved and see her caressed by him .
O god , take back thy boon ! "
The god assured her that in course of time the season of flowers would yield to that of fruit , and Arjuna wearied of the pleasures of the flesh , would himself seek the real woman in her .
In the meanwhile , " O child , go back to thy mad festival . "
The surfeit of pleasure brought about its inevitable reaction and the warrior in Arjuna began to long for a life of action and for a love " that can last longer than pleasure , that can endure even through suffering . "
His heart was restless " like a serpent reviving from its long winter ' s sleep . "
One day he met some foresters who talked of the warrior princess Chitra who was as valiant as she was noble , who had a man ' s valour and a mother ' s heart .
Arjuna , began to wonder who this other Chitra was .
He asked his fair mistress who told him that the Princess was plain and uncouth , devoid of all feminine charm , her very virtues were like prison walls within which languished the woman in her .
But Arjuna ' s curiosity had been aroused and he begged Chitra to let him meet the Princess .
But though he seemed to be enjoying his stay in London , his muse forsook him .
This was to happen again and again in his life .
A man of wide sympathies , a world citizen if ever there was one , he was so rooted in his native soil that outside India the fountain of his poetry and songs ceased to flow or flowed only in driblets .
A letter written to his niece Indira on the eve of his departure from London is significant .
" Is man a mere machine made of metal , " he wrote , " that he should function in strict accordance with rules ?
So vast and varied is the mind of man , so many its hungers and so diverse its claims that it must now and again swerve and reel and toss .
This indeed is what makes man human , the proof that he lives , the refutation that he is not a merfe bundle of matter .
He who has never felt this weakness , who has never wavered on the brink , whose mind is narrow and strait , such a man is not truly alive .
What we call instinct , what we always refer to disparagingly in our daily lifethis it is that leads us out of the jungle of virtues and vices , elations and afflictions , into an awareness of the unlimited possibilities of our destiny .
She gives up her chase of him and marries the fourth character in the novel , Sribilash , the narrator , who is deeply in love with her .
Her renunciation of him releases Sachish not only from her spell but from his obsession with a religious pursuit that was little better than an escape .
He returns to his humanitarian mission in Calcutta , a sadder and wiser man .
In the same year as Chaturanga , was published Tagore ' s major novel of this period , GhareBaire ( The Home and the World ) , in which each of the three major characters reveals his or her own thoughts in a dairy .
The setting is the political excitement in the stormy years of the first decade of the century when Tagore himself had been drawn into its vortex for a time .
The portrayal of the revolutionary patriot who has no scruples to deceive his friend and seduce his trustful wife was so vividly drawn that the author was accused of being immoral and unpatriotic .
For three years after its publication the critics continued to tear the novel to piecesa tribute to its impact on their minds .
I am carrying , as it were , my tentson my back , instead of living in them . "
The brave music of the distant drum was calling him .
There were new worlds to explore , fresh minds to meet .
He felt he had something to say and his voice must reach the world ' s conscience .
In Hong Kong he was even more impressed with the grace and strength which physical labour , well regulated , can impart to the human body .
Chitra , secretly pleased , promised to introduce the Princess to him .
She begged the gods to take back her false beauty .
The gods withdrew their gift and Chitra , restored to her old and true form , appeared before Arjuna and said , " I am Chitra , the Princess of Manipur neither a goddess to be worshipped nor a mere female to be used or brushed aside as it pleases a man .
If you care to have me as a comrade by your side in the path of danger and daring , if you let me share the great duties of your life , then only you will know my true self . "
The play comes to end with Arjuna ' s words , " Beloved , my life is full . "
In the same year in which this lyrical drama was published , Rabindranath wrote and published his first social comedy in prose , Goray Galad ( Error at the Outset ) , a comedy of errors interspersed with social satire , its polished and sophisticated wit matching Oscar Wilde ' s who also produced his comedies in London at about the same time .
It deals with romantic effusions and matrimonial predicaments of three young intellectuals and their ladies .
The plot is simple and straight , unencumbered with any sub - plots or irrelevant intrusions , and the farce runs merrily to its climax without undue strain on the reader ' s credulity .
The dialogue scintillates with witits native idiom hard to render in another medium .
At the end of die year when the Indian National Congress met for its annual session in Calcutta he recited on the opening day a long poem which has come to be known as " India ' s Prayer " .
He received a great ovation from all the political leaders gathered on the occasion .
Tagore ' s health was breaking down ; the mental strain had proved too great , not only the strain of work and engagements but deeper strain of the dilemma within him , the perpetual struggle between the poet and the patriot , or between the poet and the prophet .
When the patriot or the prophet was roused , he would notice that God ' s trumpet lay in the dust and it became his duty to pick it up and give a call to battle .
He was aware of this conflict and this vacillation and knew also that his own primary duty or dharma was as a singer , as God ' s minstrel and not his soldier .
" Preaching I must give up , " he had written earlier in a letter to Andrews , " and also trying to take up the role of beneficent angel to others .
That the doctors ' orders were observed more in the breach than otherwise is obvious from the number of letters , written in his own hand , day after day .
This was only one of many such cases he espoused and each caused him considerable emotional stress .
Death is the obverse side of life , it is one with it , and I do not look upon it with any particular fear .
But disease is evil , and when we do not know how to fight it , it makes one ' s heart rebellious . "
How rebellious his heart was growing is evident from the stories and incidents he was narrating in verse which were published in the same year as Palataka ( The Fugitive ) .
In the poems of Balaka published two years earlier his imagination had taken wings and soaring heavenwards had watched with serene confidence the changeless beauty of the changing universe , in which eveiything is in perpetual motion , moving towards something beyond , no one knows what or where , but the motion itself was joy , an end in itself .
In Palataka the poet has come down to earth and broods on life ' s pathos and irony , its fugitive joys and fragile claims .
The stories are little sad episodes from everyday life , mostly dealing with the circumscribed life of woman in a Hindu household , her frustrations and her nobility and strength of suffering .
It is narrated by the husband whose 23 - year old wife Binu has fallen seriously ill and is advised change of air by the doctor .
For the first time in her married life Binu gets a respite from her cramped and inhibited existence in her in - laws ' joint household where all she could get of her husband was in furtive snatches " like a patchwork of broken sentences . "
The big eyes in her wasted face shine with delight as they now travel together by train westwards .
At a wayside station where the train is to be changed , Binu is moved by the tale told her by the porter ' s wife Rukmini and asks her husband to give Rukmini twentyfive rupees for her daughter ' s wedding .
Two months later Binu dies , full of gratitude to her husband for filling the last days of her life with perfect happiness .
The disconsolate husband cannot forget the deception he had practised on his trusting and loving wife who because she was happy wanted to share her happiness with all and sundry .
So strict was the censorship on press , so heavy the iron curtain thai no news of the tragedy and the subsequent horrors was made public for several weeks .
He then did what his own conscience dictated .
He lived up to his own song written years ago : " If they are afraid and cower mutely facing the wall , then O thou of evil luck , open thy mind and speak out alone . "
After reminding the Viceroy that the brutality of the measures taken was " without parallel in the history of civilised government , " he went on : " The very least I can do for my country is to take all consequences upon myself in giving voice to the protest of the millions of my countrymen , surprised into a dumb anguish of terror .
The time has come when badges of honour make our shame glaring in the incongruous context of humiliation , and I for my part wish to stand , shorn of all special distinction , by the side of those of my countrymen who their so - called insignificance are liable to suffer a degradation not fit for human beings . "
Itwas not the renunciation of Knighthood , which in any case added little to his stature , but the courage with which he voiced his people ' s anguish which fear had hushed in every other breast that gives its historic importance to the letter .
The British ruling authorities never forgave what they deemed an unheard - of impertinence .
THE sweet singer who had been content with his Jone pilgrimage between his nest and the sky had now been caught in the world ' s mesh .
To break the lamp of any people is to deprive it of its rightful place in the world festival . "
Once India had such a mind which was lit by its own flame , fed with its own oil .
Today the University graduates had become little better than " rag - pickers at other people ' s dustbins . "
" The mischief is , " as he put it , " that as soon as the idea of a University enters our mind , the idea of a Cambridge University , Oxford University , and a host of other European Universities , rushes in at the same time and fills the whole space .
We then imagine that our salvation lies in a selection of the best points of each , patched together in an eclectie perfection .
We forget that the European Universities are living , organic parts of the life of Europe , where each found its natural birth .
Patching up noses and other small missing fractions of our features with skins from foreign limbs is allowed in modern surgery ; but to build up a whole man by piecing together foreign fragments is beyond the resources of science , not only for the present time , but let us fervently hope for all time to come . "
Tagore now had an additional incentive to travel .
He was restless .
The world ' s adulation was like an intoxicant ; he wanted more of it .
The general and dominant mood , however , is one of reflection rather than of feeling , of calm intellectual detachment , of a playful subtlety of thought which occasionally drifts into conceits .
The satirical pieces are full of irony and wisdom without bitterness .
One of them called Tota Kahini ( The Parrot ' s Training ) exposes the folly of mechanical textbook education againstwhich he had protested all his life .
A poor bird had to be educated , for it was disgraceful that in a civilised society it should go about merely hopping and chirping and being happy .
So a golden cage had to be built for it and learned pundits engaged to devise suitable system of teaching .
The paraphernalia devised was so stupendous that every one remotely connected with the cage Two other little satires may be referred to in passing " Trial of the Horse " and " Old Man ' s Ghost " .
The former is really the trial of Man whose cupidity and craftiness ignore nature ' s design , harnessing all things , living and non - living , to his own use .
When the gods wake up from their periodic fit of slumber and discover what man has made of creatures who were designed for other purposes , they frown in anger .
Brahma , the chief of the gods , who is in charge of this special portfolio , warns man : " Unless you set free my horse I shall take care that he grows the teeth and claws of the tiger . "
" That would be ungodly , " protests man , " thus to encourage ferocity . "
These are the two hemispheres of the brain of mankind . If one is paralysed the whole body degenerates . "
On 15 May 1920 Tagore sailed for Europe , accompanied by his son and daughter - in - law .
In England he was happy to meet old acquaintances and to make new ones .
He could , however , sense that the atmosphere was not as cordial as one his earlier visit before the war .
Tagore ' s condemnation of war , his outspoken comments on the British rule in India and , above all , his renunciation of the Knighthood had resulted in a cooling off of the earlier warmth .
When I think of all this , my thoughts shiver with cold and I feel homesick for the sunny corner in my Santiniketan . . .
A co - passenger on board was the Agha khan who would recite to him Hafiz and other Persian poets .
This might explain his writing later from London in afacetiousvein : " The poet Hafiz was willing to exchange the wealth of Samarkand and Bokhara for a mole on the cheek of his beloved .
I am willing to give the whole of London away for corner in Santiniketan .
The debate in British Parliament on the Jallianwala Bagh tragedy and the public exoneration of General Dyer ' s heinous conduct in ordering a general massacre of the innocents pained him deeply and undermined his earlier faith in the British sense of justice and humanity .
" The unashamed condonation of brutality expressed in their speeches and echoed in their newspapers is ugly in its frightfulness , " he commented , and reiterated his faith which he fully shared with Gandhi that " our true slavation lies in our own hands . "
But as soon as he met the right type of Englishman and there was no dearth of such his mood changed to one of faith and elation .
A few days earlier he had written to Andrews : " When I am in the west , I feel more strongly than ever that I am received in living world of mind .
I miss here my sky and light and leisure , but I am in touch with those who feel and express their need of me and to whom I can offer myself . "
A doubt must have gnawed at him at this self - complacent sentiment , for he immediately added : " It is not unlikely that some time hence my thoughts will no longer be necessary to them and my personality will lose its flavour ; but does it matter ? "
However much he was carried away on the waves of self - elationand it was not unoften he was too wise not to know in his heart of hearts the vanity of human glory and that in the long run nothings really mattered .
Among the new acquaintances he made in London was the romantic soldier , Lawrence of Arabia , who told him that he was ashamed to go back to that country because the British Government had failed to keep the promise he had made to the Arabs on its behalf .
While discussing India ' s problem Lawrence told Tagore that the only way to win the respect of an Englishman was to hit back harder than he hits , for then he would come to his senses and recognise the other as a brother .
Tagore ' s letters to C . F . Andrews written during this visit show how swift could be the change in his mood from elation to disappointment , and how sharply divergent were the pulls within him of the poet , the patriot and the prophet of international understanding In Paris Tagore was given a reception at Musee Guimet and made the acquaintance of the distinguished philosopher , Bergson , and the orientalist Sylvain Levi who later visited Santiniketan as the first foreign visiting professor of Visva - Bharati .
He landed in New York and addressed several gatherings , both there and in other places . A New York journal reported about his lecture on " A Poet ' s Religion " at the Brooklyn Civic Forum : " Never has the Forum had as large an audience as that which turned out to hear the famous writer from the east . Hundreds were turned away . "
But in so far as he had any hopes of raising large funds for his University he was disappointed .
In the beginning he was optimistic , imagining that this young and new world which had just rescued the old world from the suicidal clash of warring nationalisms would respond to his appeal for help to establish an international university , an active centre for promoting human understanding , at Santiniketan .
That diere was something inherently wrong in the commonplace assumption ( unfortunately encouraged by some who were near and dear ) that his ideal needed American dollars for its realisation , he now and again understood with a sharp stab of pain and shame .
In a letter to Andrews of 13 December he confessed : " I am trying to console myself with the thought that something very big and great is going to be the outcome of the effort I am making . But deep in my heart I know that simplicity of life and endeavour makes for real happiness .
When we realise in some measure our ideal of perfection in our work , it matters very little what its dimensions are .
Our trust in bigness very often betrays our want of faith in truth . "
Four days later , he wrote again : " When all my thoughts were furiously revolving , like dead leaves , in a whirlwind of desire for raising funds , a picture came to my hand ; it was that of Sujata offering a cup of milk to Buddha .
Its message went deep into my heart .
It said to me : ' The cup of milk comes to you unasked when you have gone through your tapasya ' . . .
Every morning I sit by my window and say to myself , ' I must not bow my head to this ugly idol worshipped by the west with daily human sacrifice . '
I remember that morning at Shelidah when the Vaishnava woman came to me and said , ' When are you coming down from your three - storied building to meet your love under the shade of the trees ? '
Just now I am on the top storey of the skyscraper to which the tallest of trees dare not send its whisper ; but love silently comes to me saying , ' When are you coming down to meet me on the green grass under the rustling leaves , where you have the freedom of the sky and of sunlight and the tender touch of life ' s simplicity ? '
I try to say something about money , but it sounds so ludicrous and yet so tragic that my words grow ashamed of themselves and they stop . "
This third visit to the States was , however , fruitful in many personal and human contacts which were after all of far greater value than the million dollars he failed to raise .
He renewed old acquaintances and made new ones , among them the two remarkable ladies , Helen Keller and Jane Addams .
Even more valuable was the foundation laid of a lifelong friendship with Dorothy Straight and Leonard K . Elmhirst whom she later married and who was at that time a student of agriculture at Cornell .
The friendship thus begun grew with the years and Elmhirst later became his chief associate in the planning of a remarkable centre for experiments in regional development of rural education and economy at Sriniketan , a fitting counterpart of the neighbouring cultural and international centre at Santiniketan Both he and his wife continued to help the Institute with generous financial assistance even after Elmhirst ' s return to his country .
In March 1921 Tagore returned to London from where he flew to Paris , his first experience of air flight .
From Paris he went to Strasbourg to address the newly established French University on the " Message of the Forest " .
Proceeding to Geneva he spoke at the Rousseau Institute on " Education " .
While he was holidaying at Lucerne , he received the news that a committee formed in Germany , consisting of eminent writers and scholars , had celebrated his sixtieth birth anniversary with a gift of a large collection of German classics to the Visva - Bharati Library .
The Mahatma , though a more incorrigible idealist than Tagore , was also a revolutionary leader of men and was obliged on occasion to over - dramatise a situation and exaggerate certain aspects of it to rouse adequate mass fervour .
Like Nelson he often held the telescope to his blind eye and truthfully declared that he saw nothing . But Tagore who merely watched , and that too with an eagle eye , saw everything .
Sudden upsurge of patriotic zeal in a people who had not felt it for a long time and had hardly any historical memories of such phenomena was bound to result in an exaggerated sense of self - righteousness and a contempt for everything foreign .
Tagore who had been denouncing this very aspect of nationalism in other countries found the sight extremely painful in his own .
To me humanity is rich and large and many - sided . "
Disciples take from the Master not what he wishes to give but what they wish to take .
The " deep concern " was not merely verbal and poetic .
He did whatever was possible under the circumstances to help these " big , helpless children of Providence " grow into self - reliant adults and thus initiated the first experiments in rural community development .
The country was under foreign rule which rested on the support , tacit or active , of the vested interests , and it was no use expecting of the Administration any other interest save in maintaining " law and order " .
Besides , Tagore did not deem it a healthy state of society where the individual had lost his initiative and looked up to the State for help and guidance in matters where he could help and guide himself best .
If the State did everything for the individual , people would continue to remain " big , helpless children , " if not of Providence , of the State .
His programme of community development was therefore based on the twin principles of self - help and enlightenment .
The latter was very important because if the people had lost their initiative it was not only because they had lost their political freedom or had become physically and morally lazy , but because their spirits had been crippled by all sorts of social inhibitions and religious superstitions .
They were totally ignorant of the most elementary scientific knowledge and whilk they believed blindly and abjectly in every kind of religious hocus - pocus they were incredulous of the real miracles of science .
Their misery and apathy were evidence enough that no misfortune was greater than ignorance , no sin greater than to revel in it .
It was this realisation , reinforced by painful memories of his own school days , of a mechanical system of teaching based on " cram and exam , " which gradually obliged him to take upon himself the role of an educationist and social reformer and explains his lifelong passionate interest in the economic rehabilitation of the Indian village .
Tagore is right from the point of view of eternity .
The birdpoet , the eagle - sized lark , as Heine called a master of our music , sits and sings on the ruins of time .
He lives in eternity .
But the demands of the present are imperious . "
Gandhi replied to the poet ' s challenge in a powerful rejoinder published in his Young India .
He hailed the poet as the " Great Sentinel " whose warnings against moral pitfalls must be listened to with respect ; but goes on the Mahatma his misgivings were not justified .
Finally , worked up to a moral passion , he admonishes the poet for fiddling when the house is on fire .
He presents to our admiring gaze the beautiful picture of the birds in the early morning singing hymns of praise as they soar into the sky .
These birds had their day ' s food and soared with rested wings in whose veins new blood had flown the previous night .
But I have had the pain of watching birds who for want of strength could not be coaxed even into a flutter of their wings .
The human bird under the Indian sky gets up weaker than when he pretended to retire .
" Give them work that they may eat .
' Why should I , who have no need to work for food , spin ? ' may be the question asked .
Trace the source of every coin that finds its way into your pocket , and you will realise the truth of what I write .
Let him burn his foreign clothes ; that is the duty today .
God will take care of the tomorrow . "
" Dark and tragic words these ! " comments Remain Rolland . " Here we have the misery of the world rising up before the dream of art and crying , Dare deny me existence !
Who does not sympathise with Gandhi ' s passionate emotion and share it ?
Tagore himself used to attend Levi ' s classes .
On 23 December 1921 , Visva - Bharati was formally inaugurated , and the land , buildings and other properties at Santiniketan were legally transferred to it by a trust deed .
Tagore also made a gift to it of the copyright on his Bengali books published till then .
The Nobel Prize money had already been donated by him to the school .
In the midst of these excitements he continued to brood on the political scene in the country until the subconscious churning of the mind found a dramatic expression in a symbolic play which he wrote in the early part of January 1922 .
The play which is in a sense a noble tribute to the personality of Gandhi and his campaign of non - violence , is named Muktadhara ( Free Current ) .
The background of the play is the political subjection of the people of Sivtarai to the neighbouring kingdom of Uttarakut .
Wishing to bend the subject people more effectively to his will by controlling and manipulating the main source of their economic well - being , die King of Uttarakut has had a large dam erected to prevent die waters of Muktadhara from flowing into die plains below .
Its engine - tower dominated die landscape and outsoared die trident of the temple of Siva on mountain peak .
This remarkable play was never staged .
The author read it out to a group of friends in Calcutta in January 1922 , and later made preparations to stage it , but before the play could be staged , the news came in March of Mahatma Gandhi ' s arrest , trial and the sentence of rigorous imprisonment for six years .
TAGORE ' S dream of making Santiniketan a nest where kindred spirits would gather from different parts of the world was coming true .
What was originally planned as hermitage was becoming a cosmopolitan beehive .
Whether this picturesque beehive produced more honey than buzzing , it is difficult to say .
Much pioneering work was also done of which the benefit was reaped , not only by Visva - Bharati but by many other Universities .
The stimulus , however , was enough for the poet to imagine that the world was becoming one and that he had only to travel more to win men ' s hearts for his ideal .
There is hardly any illusion more exhilarating than the belief that one is healing the world ' s wounds and Tagore was neither the first nor the last of great men to come under its spell .
Nor need one cavil at the missionary zeal of one of the most sincere and eloquent protagonists of international understanding of the modern age who sought to achieve on the moral plane what the ill - fated League of Nations and its successor the United Nations have tried to achieve on the political .
Not content with touring in his own country , he now thought of visiting China .
Nearly a thousand years had passed since the last band of Buddhist monks had carried their Master ' s message of compassion and peace to that land .
Tagore wanted to restore the ancient cultural link between the two countries which had been snapped for so long .
He could not have , for China and India had in the meanwhile drifted too far away , and each land was seething in its own ferment .
The Chinese intelligentsia had grown impatient of traditional values and virtues and were western - oriented .
They were convinced that nationalist solidarity , materialist commonsense and a ruthless application of science and technology could alone lift their ancient country from die morass into which it had sunk .
They were more amenable to the rational scepticism of a Bertrand Russell than die mystic insights of a Rabindranath Tagore .
They looked upon the Indian poet as a reactionary idealist , a futile visionary and viewed his visit with indifference , if not with hostility .
Tagore understood this mood and temper with some aspects of which he was familiar in his own country , and his lectures in China , delivered mostly extempore , show with what understanding and sympathy he approached the Chinese mind .
He followed no known model or pattern there was none in his own country and its literary tradition .
He was the first Indian to give it form and though the short story is now very popular with Indian writers , no one can be said to have equalled him in his art , much less surpassed him .
Many of these stories were suggested by some scene or incident or character he observed while he lived in his house - boat on the river Padma ( the house - boat too was named Padma ) .
The genesis of some of them is referred to in the letters he wrote during this period .
He sees a ghat ( landing steps ) on the river , its old stones covered with moss , and wonders how much the stones would tell if they could speak .
And so the ghat speaks ( the story called " Ghater Katha " ) and recalls how a charming little girl once used to come to the river " so sweet she seemed that when her shadow fell on the water , I used to wish , if I could only catch that shadow and keep it clasped to my stones ! "
Kusum loved water as though she belonged there .
Soon a time came when she ceased coming , and the ghat gathered from the talk of her playmates that the little Kusum had married and gone to her husband ' s home in another village .
Days passed .
It was early autumn when he set sail in the Japanese boat Haruna - Maru , and the music of autumn stirred in the poet ' s heart .
He forgot his mission and was once again the lover and the singer .
Not sermons but poems poured out of his pen exquisite in their wistful tenderness .
The 63 - year old poet was entering the evening of his life and the mellow richness of the evening melody pervades these poems .
Over that signature of your heart During the voyage near the Argentinian coast Tagore suddenly took ill and was obliged to disembark at Buenos Aires where a heart specialist advised complete rest for some time .
Tagore did not know a soul in Buenos Aires , but fortunately the charming and talented Victoria Ocampo offered her hospitality and he was happy to find refuge in an attractive and secluded villa in San Isidro on the bank of the river Plate .
The visit to Peru had to be cancelled on the doctor ' s advice .
Nor was Tagore sorry about it , for on this voyage the poet had triumphed over the prophet and he was very content and happy to watch the river from the balcony of the villa and be looked after by so charming and devoted a hostess .
Sweet memories will restore to the flute its lost melody . . .
Her language I knew not , but what her eyes said shall forever remain eloquent in its anguish .
On 4January 1925 the poet and his companion Elmhirst bade goodbye to their hostess and sailed from Buenos Aires .
He hurried away for he felt guilty that he should be happy and enjoying himself when his country needed him .
But when he reached his own land he realised that this happiness had been creative , and that in the long run he did more good by being creative than by being merely helpful , He expressed this feeling very charmingly in a letter to Victoria Ocampo written from Santiniketan in August of the same year :
" You express regret in your letter that I could not continue to stay in that beautiful house near the river till the end of the summer .
You do not know how often I wish I could do so .
It was some lure of duty which drove me from that sweet corner with its inspiration for seemingly futile idling ; but today I discover that my basket while I was there was being daily filled with shy flowers of poems that thrive under the shade of lazy hours .
I can assure you , most of them will remain fresh long after the time when the laboriously built towers of my beneficent deeds will crumble into oblivion . "
A few days after his return to his country Tagore ' s elder brother Jyotirindranath passed away .
Returning to Santiniketan he wrote a prose - drama Natir Puja ( Worship of the Dancing Girl ) , based on an old Buddhist legend which he had earlier used in a poem .
This is one of Tagore ' s simple and straightforward plays , deeply moving and free from symbolic abstractions and intellectual sophistications which - make some of his other plays at once puzzling and fascinating .
The main action centres in a simple religious emotion which rises to a high pitch as the story ends in a tragedy of martyred devotion .
Worship of the Divine cannot be the monopoly of this caste or that , nor can its expression be for ever imprisoned in one particular Vedic pattern .
True worship is the surrender or dedication of die best we have to the call of Trutii .
The sage dedicates his learning , the man of action his deeds , the poet his songs , and the humble Nati her dance .
Thus the dancing girl by her sincerity and devotion redeems the so - called degradation of her calling and vindicates by her death the innate majesty of her spirit .
One other point of interest to note about this play is that it has no male characters .
The introduction of the Buddhist monk in the Prologue was a later addition to enable the author to satisfy the public clamour for his appearance on the stage .
He was also received by King Victor Emmanuel III and attended a performance of his play Chitra in Italian .
But more than the King or the Duce , Tagore was keen on meeting the philosopher Benedetto Croce who was at that time virtually home - interned in Naples .
Some common friends , however , took the risk of bringing him over clandestinely to Rome where the two met .
While he was being feted in his almost royal tour of Italy , he did not realise that garbled and distorted versions of his speeches and interviews were being headlined by the Italian press to boost the fascist regime .
He felt hurt and humiliated at this fiasco and confessed in a letter to Elmhirst : " Somehow I have the unenviable knack of getting myself entangled in responsibilities that should have been avoided and I regret that I ever allowed myself to pay this last ' visit to Italy . "
Then immediately recovering his light - hearted good humour , he added : " Can you lend me an aeroplane if you have one at your disposal ?
I want to fly back to Uttarayan ( name of his house at Santiniketan ) immediately , for the rain clouds of July have gathered about our asrama and are wondering where the poet could have gone who was to greet them with his grateful songs in return for the music of rain , "
In Gora it was the religious and intellectual ferment , and in GhareBaire ( the Home and the World ) it was the political . In Yogayog it is the rise of a new economic class that results in an inevitable conflict between values nurtured in an old family of landed aristocrats which has lost its wealth but not its pride and the aggressive claims of a self - made tycoon who thinks that money can buy anything .
Kumudini , the lovely and gentle daughter of the former , is married to Madhusudhan , the go - ahead millionaire , crude , vital and assertive , one of the few flesh - and - blood male characters made by Tagore .
Accustomed to imposing his will " on his human and mechanical tools , " he imagines he can posses Kumudini merely because she is his wife , but soon discovers that though he can possess her body , the real she eludes his grasp .
The psychological interest of the novel lies in the gradual and almost imperceptible transformation in the husband ' s feelings towards her .
At first brutal , violent and exultant , they are gradually inhibited by sudden spasms of tenderness and awe which he cannot understand , having never experienced them in any other sphere of life .
The bullying , blustering boss loses his self - confidence and rumbles clumsily reaching out for what his hands cannot grasp .
The end of this novel is , unfortunately , weak a failing which many other novels of Tagore share .
It is as though he suddenly tires of continuing the narrative and wants to finish it somehow so as to attend to the demands of some other Muse in his harem , or that he gets squeamish and afraid of a character getting the upper hand and going its own way in ' defiance of the author ' s moral and social inhibitions .
Even as he was writing this novel and probing the spiritual hollowness of mere success , he was himself getting restless for fresh fields to conquer .
The missionary zeal once again proved stronger than the creative , and in July 1927 he set out on his ninth foreign tour , this time to the neighbouring lands of South East Asia .
His aggressive self - complacence , however , receives a shock when he accidentally encounters and falls in love with a quite different product of modern educationa highly intelligent girl of fine sensibility and deep feelings .
This experience is so utterly different from his previous excursions in flirting that it comes as a shock , releasing his submerged depdi of sincerity which he finds hard to adjust - to die habits of sophistry and pose practised so long .
In the process he manages to strike a new romantic attitude .
The struggle makes of him a curiously pathetic figureone who is being worked against his grain .
Sensing the tragedy , she releases him from his troth and disappears from his life .
The last poem in which she takes farewell of her lover is a testament of the depth of feeling of which she was capable .
Here is a stanza shorn of its superb cadence in the original . No loss is yours in losing me , an image of clay .
Not only is Santiniketan , which was once a wasteland of corroded soil , now a miniature garden town , but the tree - planting ceremony initiated by him is now an all - India festival actively sponsored by the Central and State Governments .
One of his most characteristic volumes of verses is named Vanavasi ( Voice of the Forest ) , a collection of poems on trees , shrubs and flowers and on the various seasons with which their life is linked .
1928 was indeed a fruitful year , thanks partly to the fact that his health obliged him to stick to his own soil .
It was in this year too that Tagore began his experiments in an entirely new and unforeseen medium of creative expression , painting .
But though he did not wield the brush , he doodled freely with his pen .
Most of these lineal exercises were induced by what he has called " casualties in my manuscripts , " deletions and erasures which he hated to leave alone as desultory scratches on his pages .
Kusum told her name .
Then suddenly Kusum disappeared again and did not come to the ghat or to the temple for a long time .
One day the Sanyasi sent for her and she came and sat before him with downcast eyes .
When he asked her for the reason of her long absence , she said that she had deliberately kept away because she was ashamed of her " wicked thoughts " and was unworthy to sit beside a holy man .
When the Sanyasi cross - questioned her she confessed that she had a dream in which she found the Sanyasi making love to her .
Since then the dream had obsessed her in her waking hours and she was unable to look upon the Sanyasi as other than her husband and lover .
When he recovered , his poise he begged of Kusum to forget him and disappeared from the village .
Kusum slowly came down the steps and stood looking at the water .
" From her childhood she had loved this river and if now , in her crisis , the river did not take her in its arms , who would ?
Strange as it may sound , he even looked more handsome in old age than as a young man this is borne out , not only by his photographs but by those contemporaries who had seen him at both the ages .
No man could have said more truthfully than he : " Grow old along with me ; the best is yet to be , the last of life for which the first was made . " Whatever wrinkles age furrowed in his face there were none in his mind .
Like Gandhi he discovered with the years that truth was higher than any religion and human good more important than any philosophy .
Were it not so the author of Gtanjali and the great exponent of India ' s spiritual heritage could hardly have looked upon his visit to the Soviet land as a pilgrimage .
' If I had not come to Russia , " he wrote in a letter , " life ' s pilgrimage would have remained incomplete .
They are striving to destroy the power of the powerful and the wealth of the wealthy . Why should we be afraid of that ?
And why should we be angry ?
This is one of his earliest stories and a very characteristic one .
In the world of Tagore ' s imagination nature is always an active participant , and here too nature and even the so - called inert matter are part of the story and help to create an atmosphere , a mood of half - pity and half - awe , which , rather than the plot , is the essence of the story .
In a similar vein the Highway tells the story of what it has seen of secret longings and frustrated loves .
In almost all these stories the author ' s tenderness and sympathies seem to be monopolised by women generally young girls , and little children .
His portraits of children and teenagers , whether girls or boys , are drawn with infinite tenderness and an almost uncanny understanding of their young , unformed minds .
However , in these early stories he was not primarily concerned with portraiture of personality or development of character but with depiction of a mood , creation of an atmosphere or sudden revelation of an unsuspected aspect of character or motive .
This swift and intuitive grasp of the human potential of a scene or situation was akin to his lyrical genius which responded quickly to every impression from the outside .
And so when the village Postmasteran educated young man freshly recruited from the citycalled on him , he could see that the young man was bored in the quiet and sluggish atmosphere and wondered how he lived and spent his time .
And when the story was published in Hitabadi he came to me full of bashful smiles as he deprecatingly touched on the subject .
" The fact that there was a city - bred Postmaster marooned in a village was all that was needed to set the author ' s imagination working on the problem of human relationship and the possible tragedy of a simple , guileless girl who might take for granted that her affection would be returned .
In the same way he must have often noticed in the streets of Calcutta big , hefty strangers from Kabul peddling dry fruits and nuts .
But surely , thought Rabindranath , they too were human and must love their children as parents do all over the world .
And so the dreaded Kabuliwalla becomes in Tagore ' s story of that name one of the most lovable characters in Bengali fiction .
The friendship between this big hulk of a man , unlettered and uncouth , from the rugged mountains of Afghanistan and the five - year old Mini with her ceaseless prattle , and irrepressible mirth is a moving testament of human relationship overriding barriers of race , religion and social prejudice .
These stories are of various kinds and in varying techniques , mainly suggestive and impressionist , dealing with different aspects of Bengali life and depicting varied types of characters from many classes and walks of life .
They are remarkable for their fine blend of keen observation and lively imagination , of pity and irony , of nature and life , and bear witness to the author ' s extraordinary gift for seizing on essentials , his wide humanity , his intolerance of social wrong and injustice and his matchless sense of form .
The metaphor changes from poem to poem , " I saw - in the dusk of my wearied consciousness - my body float down the murky river , loaded with its tore of feelings and its multiple pains . . . .
The body fades into a shadow , melts into a point and loses itself into darkness without end . . . "
All the make - up I had devised for my prolonged appearance on the stage since the curtain went up came to nothing ; all the attitudes I had struck , the colour I had flaunted to impress the multitude were wiped out . . "
But there is no regret , for the has seen the farthest limit of being and is struck with wonder .
Not all the poems are self - exploratory or introspective .
The last two in this slender sheaf show an acute awareness of the tragedy that was hovering over Europe and was soon to engulf it .
He is angry and would like to hurl an " imprecation upon this cannibal whose gruesome hunger spares neither women nor children . . "
He would like to utter words of peace and love and compassion , but is afraid they would sound even more futile .
He was true to each mood and phase as he experienced it , and this passionate sincerity which enabled him to challenge and surpass himself again and again was his most consistent virtue , as it was of Mahatma Gandhi .
Soon after , as the spring came , he was seized with the recurring frenzy of song and he began working on a music - and - dance version of his drama Chandalika ( The Untouchable Girl ) .
This is one of his most moving and powerful dance - dramas and was successfully staged in Calcutta in March , the author seated in a corner of the stage at the last performance .
With his deep insight and sympathy the Mahatma understood that it was no use expecting the poet to stick to his earlier assurance that he would not risk his health by attending stage performances of his plays in cities .
The raising of funds for his school and university was merely an excuse or at best The summer was spent in Kalimpong , the charming little town nestling in the eastern Himalayas where his son had a house .
There on his birthday he wrote a magnificent poem with which began a new book of poems published later in the year as Senjuti ( Evening Lamp ) .
" A foreign girl sings in a foreign voice . "
rivers and seas , and to the incorrigibly romantic heart of the A night - train , in a poem of that name , seems to him an image of life , crawling into darkness , the compartments jammed with sleeping forms , the anonymous moving towards the anonymous , driven by someone anonymous .
And yet to that blind hand they entrust their life ; not knowing it , they trust it , and make their beds and sleep and dream of a distant morning . "
In another poem called " Station " he is fascinated by the comings and goings of bustling passengers on the platform .
And in the end will everything disappear and melt into the great void , like a discarded pot when the meal is over ?
Why ?
The Sanai is a sophisticated Indian flute capable of a haunting melody , and so are the poems and songs in this volume sweet and haunting , raising a strange nostalgia .
He was not in the least proud of all that he had done a true Christian ! "
Part of the summer was spent , as in . the year before , at Mungpoo and Kalimpong .
His dearly beloved nephew Surendranath had died in Calcutta .
He sat quietly without uttering a word when the news was broken to him , He did not speak the whole day and in the evening expressed his feelings in a short and moving poem .
Both Andrew ' s death and this death must have reminded him that it would not be long before he too would go the same way .
As he had so often put it , he was sitting by the river steps , waiting for the ferry to take him to the other shore .
It seemed to him that when after centuries of fiery penance on her bare rocky seat , the earth had received the boon of flowers , it was to greet the advent of man in her lap .
Was there such manifestation anywhere else in this vast universe of myriad suns and planets ?
He expressed his horror , puzzlement and anguish in two poems he wrote there in the latter half of May .
Why do men seemingly civilised turn suddenly into dangerous maniacs ?
He is hurt , humiliated and unhappy , but does not fume or curse .
He is in a chastened , meditative mood , inclined to view his fellow - men ' s misdeeds in the wide perspective of history .
He will not give up hope altogether . The drums sound , signalling time for change of the storm - tossed age .
A new chapter , heartless , will begin , But however dismal the present , the poet cannot give up hope for the future .
Faith in the ultimate perfectibility of man , in the essential divinity of his spirit , is the desperate need of Tagore ' s own soul .
Having vented his anguish and affirmed his faith in the only medium of which he was master , he was not content .
His own country was in a sulky and frustrated mood and on the verge of a desperate decision .
Old infirm and ailing ( he had been running a temperature for some time now ) , he felt he must do something to voice his nation ' s protest .
And so on 15 June , while still at Kalimpong , he sent a letter to President Roosevelt of the U . S . A . bemoaning India ' s helpless predicament as a British colony at a time when the free world elsewhere was faced with a life - and - death struggle .
A free India would be an asset to the free world , an enslaved India merely a burden and a liability .
On 7 August 1940 the University of Oxford held a special Convocation at Santiniketan for the purpose of conferring on Tagore its Doctorate ( honoris causa ) .
Pending the arrival of Indian doctors from Calcutta , the British Civil Surgeon from Darjeeling was frantically begged to come .
He came reluctantly and having examined the patient , gruffly inquired if he understood English .
No sadder instance can be cited of the rapidly increasing alienation of the British ruling class from the people of the land .
He diagnosed kidney infection and insisted on performing then and there a drastic surgical operation , if the unconscious patient ' s life was to be saved .
He looked helplessly at Mahadev Desai and the tears streamed down his cheeks .
He was always so self - controlled that even in the hardest bereavement and sorrow I had never seen him break down .
Now He was never to recover the full use of his faculties , but was soon able to sit up in bed and to talk .
His hand was not steady enough to hold the pen , but since words and rhymes kept on buzzing in his head , he had to dictate his poems .
Strangely enough , during this period when his interest in the life of the common people of his country was most vivid and realistic , his poetry shows the sprouting of a mystic sensibility which was later to grow and suffuse much of his writing .
He was not a philosopher , he found no bondage more irksome than that of a closed and formulated . system of thought which has an explanation for everything .
" How artificial and unreal are our notions of sin and virtue ! " he wrote in 1894 .
" There is no higher religion than that of sympathy for all that lives .
Its " sprouting " at this period of his life simply means that this vague awareness became more conscious and explicit and became a quest for the guiding Muse of his genius and destiny , the Personality within and above his personality .
In a letter of March 1894 he wrote : " I am overwhelmed by this awareness of the baffling mystery within which I can neither understand nor control . . .
Too weak to deliver it himself , it was read for him in his presence .
Both his own people in India and the peoples in Europe and the Far East were passing through a period of great travail , in different ways and for different reasons .
He wen ton to analyse how this " graceless disillusionment " was the result of the cynical disregard by the British rulers of the very values which were the pride of western civilisation .
" The wheels of Fate will one day compel the British to give up their Indian empire .
But what kind of India will they leave behind , what stark misery ?
When the stream of their two centuries ' administration runs dry at last , what a waste of mud and filth they will leave behind them ! "
But even in the darkest gloom Tagore ' s testament could not end in a note of despair .
Though his own sympathies were with the Chinese , Russians and the Allies , he did not think of the Germans and the Japanese as the sole and unmitigated villains in the drama .
The world he had not tired of repeating was caught in a vicious trap of its own making , whereisms of diverse kinds merely helped to make its strangle hold more vicious , and where the greedy merchant , the crafty priest and the power - hungry politician exploited the passions of the common people , their capacity for hatred and heroism , to serve their own ends .
In the midst of this suffering , physical and mental , and his literary preoccupations , his thoughts would now and again wander to his beloved Santiniketan and the little children in the school .
The school was his first love which he had . somewhat ignored when the glamorous Visva - Bharati came on the scene .
Now the old solicitude returned .
Hewenton to recall how he used to lose himself in joy when teaching children .
His voice was thick as he added , " But I can no longer teach them myself , nor supervise . "
He saw to it that jars of lozenges and boxes of chocolates were always kept at hand for the little ones who never went in to his room without coming out with something in their hand or mouth .
A pariah dog , not to be left out , managed to make itself an honoured inmate of the house by the simple process of seeking shelter under his reclinirlg chair .
One of the poems of Arogya is on this nameless dog whose sad and mute devotion must have touched the heart of the convalescing poet .
Filling its heart words of despair seem to rise in lament , the voice of emptiness laden with compassion whose inmost meaning cannot be grasped . His fortitude and his kindly sense of humour remained with him till the end .
Those who attended on his sick - bed treasured as their greatest reward the pleasantries and witticisms he constantly exchanged with them .
He could not get over his amusement at being fed on Glaxo and would refer to himself as " Glaxo baby . "
Since then each time Glaxo was brought , he would inquire , " How many months old am I today ? "
The trees were perhaps his oldest love .
As a little boy he had been fascinated by the ancient banyan at which he gazed from a window of his ancestral home where he was kept confined within a chalk circle by the servant who kept guard on him .
Immobilised again in his last months , he would watch with wistful tenderness the graceful shimool outside his cottage in Santiniketan .
During the summer drought he was distressed at the fate of the trees in the asrama .
The trees must be saved at all cost .
When it grows , you will see how Santal women will gather under it to pick the flowers from which they make their wine . "
Reluctant to taste the most carefully prepared delicacies made to tempt his palate , he would nibble , eagerly and excitedly like a child , at a wild jambu berry when a bunch of them was brought to him .
He kept the bunch near his bed and would tempt the visitor , ' Just try one and see how sweet my jambus taste .
Three days before his birthday which by Bengali calender was due to be observed on 8 May , he dictated the last song ( words and music ) he was to compose .
He never had recourse to notations but would sing the song as the tune came to him , and some one else had to catch the tune from him and give the notation .
In this last song of his , which was first sung on his last birthday and is still sung on each anniversary of his birthday , he invoked the Ever New to reveal itself afresh .
May you be revealed as the Sun is revealed dispersing the veil of mist ,
may the unending wonder of the Endless be made manifest , proclaiming Life ' s victory !
When faith asserts its robustness : Death , like Rahu ,
It was not a blind for self - deception .
He will not shut his eyes to the hard reality of suffering on this earth , to the seeming indifference of Providence and Nature to what happens to individual life .
Nor will he , in the bitterness of frustrated arrogance or self - pity , deny or repudiate the terrible beauty of truth .
A week after his birthday he muses again on . the mystery of creation , looks steadily , without blinking .
But there are many Bengali critics , discerning , mature and sophisticated , who believe that in these last poems , brief , tense and compact , was born " a terrible beauty " such as is not to be found in his earlier poems , superb and almost perfect as some of them are .
These poems dictated before his death were published posthumously as Sesh Lekha ( Last Writing ) .
As a religious institution and place of worship , the temple in India has had a hoary past .
As a structure that enshrines a god or some other object of veneration , circumambulation ( pradakshina ) , adoration and worship ( puja ) , it has had a varied growth in different parts of the subcontinent .
This was according to the local needs and credal requirements and subject , of course , to the interplay or exchange of thoughts and ideas .
The builders or the craftsmen sthapatis and the silpins who belonged to the same guilds of artisans , had common principles and set methods of design and construction and they worked in collaboration with the priesthood which knew the rituals , the nature of the object of veneration , and the modes of their worship .
Besides the relief sculpture they carry inscriptions of the seventh - eighth centuries and later .
Temples as places of worship the podiyil or manram , or murramhad objects of worship that were very often mere mounds or platforms medaiunder a particular tree in the village .
Sometimes they were trilithons of a stone slab placed over two uprightsthe terri which survive even today in some remote parts .
Some of the platforms had a post , or kandu , representing the deity planted over them .
From some of the brief descriptions in the earliest Tamil works , we learn that the kandu , as the abode of a deity , stood in a pillared hall , or podiyil , on a platform that was cleansed and smeared with water and cowdung by young women who , after a dip in the bathing ghat , lighted an ever - burning lamp near the kandu .
We are also told that many came here to worship with offerings or bali .
The Buddha - pitikai or Dharma - pitikai as the object of worship by the Buddhists is referred to in the Tamil epic , Manimekalai .
From its brief description it would appear to have been a circular padma - pitha , or seat of expanding lotus petals , mounted over a square plinth , also with a lotus petal base , the whole evidently of brickwork .
The entrance has brickwork jambs into which a wooden door - frame was fitted .
The roof was evidently a vault made up of corbelled brickwork that was plastered and perhaps also cribbed inside with wooden ribs and crosspieceson the analogy of an earlier rock - cut chaitya of the same plan .
The remains of another chaitya noticed near Vidyadharapuram , near Vijayawada , are of like nature .
A somewhat better preserved stupa - shrine or stupa - chaitya , where the central object of worship was the representation of a stupa , has come up from the excavations at Salihundam ( Srikakulam district , Andhra Pradesh ) .
The circular chaitya is brick - built .
The massive wall has a stepped up base provided with a narrow vestibule for approach in front , resembling the antarala of later temples .
Several subsidiary shrines of identical shape also exist there .
In Nagarjunakonda and other Andhra Buddhist sites , the brick - built chaitya temples are associated with viharas or monasteries , where they are often found as apsidal structures on either side of the passage behind the main vihara entrance , or are found in pairs in front of the major stupas or maha - chaityas , which were themselves open or hypaethral temples , facing each other .
The excavations in Nagarjunakonda have also revealed large non - Buddhist temple complexes of the Ikshvaku kings ( third and fourth centuries AD ) dedicated to Siva , Vishnu , Kartikeya and Devasena .
The structures after which such excavations were made were , therefore , essentially apsidal temples .
These belong to the period between the second century BC and the second century AD .
The rest belong to the period after the fourth century AD .
They were excavated in the time of the Vakatakas , mostly between AD 450 and 600 .
The last ones were excavated around AD 650 .
The activity in general , and particularly the embellishments , however , continued till the times of the Rashtrakutas in the eighth - ninth centuries AD .
The early chaityas are large , apsidal , with an elaborate facade , having horseshoe - shaped windows on the top of the entrance ,
A rock - cut stupa , in the apse portion , formed the object of worship .
The viharas were astylar halls , with a number of monks ' cells excavated into their three side walls , the hall having one or more main entrances in front .
The rock architecture of the second phase consists of two apsidal chaityas ( 19 and 26 ) .
It is similar to the earlier type but has a Buddha figure prominently standing out in front of the stupa in the apse , under a nasika or arch projected from the drum of the stupa .
The viharas , except those unfinished or destroyed ( 3 , 5 , 14 , 23 , 24 , 28 , and 29 ) , combine the characteristics of monasteries and shrines in them , the latter aspect becoming more prominent .
These viharas generally consist of an outer verandah or porch , corresponding to the mukha - mandapa or agra - mandapa of the temple complexes , a pillared hall ( sometimes astylar ) , corresponding to the maha - mandapa with a shrine or garbha - griha at its rear , often with an ardha - mandapa , or transversely rectangular ante - chamber intervening between the shrine and the main hall .
When the hall has pillars instead of a central nave and lateral aisles pattern , the arrangement of a central square enclosed by four or more pillars the others forming a peripheral series would suggest a ranga - mandapa on the model of or anticipating the Chalukyan navamngas .
Often there are additional chaityas or cells on either side of the principal one on the rear wall of the hall , and also in the lateral walls of the front porch , or agra - mandapa . Even the two - storeyed excavation ( Cave 6 ) has essentially the same plan .
The sanctum contains a large figure of the Buddha , often with other sculptures in the ardha - mandapa .
In the case of Cave 27 , the ardha - mandapa is advanced into the maha - mandapa .
The arrangement of a succession of mandapas , one behind the other , with one or more shrine cells at the rear , is on the pattern found in the brick - temple complexes of the Ikshvaku period in Nagarjunakonda that preceded these later excavations in Ajanta .
In few cases , as in the Ajanta examples , the cave - temple has a large and almost square mandapa , corresponding to the hall with the sanctum behind , the transverse rectangular ardha - mandapa being eliminated .
In a temple complex with such an axial arrangement , the sanctum does not appear to have had a superstructure of the pyramidal type .
These cave - temples , including the chattya - mandiras , may as well be called mandapa - temples as they are designated in later inscriptions .
The key to the title of the volume which also indicates the general spirit and tenor of the poems may be sough tin the very first poem where the poet addresses the Universal Spirit or Nature as the Wondrous Lady whose beauty is manifest in a million forms .
But though in the outside world her beauty overflows in many different sights , colours and sounds , within the mind she sits alone , unique immanent and pervading .
He was , above everything else , a lover who saw beauty in the commonest things , who felt its touch in the outside world and felt it in his inmost being and knew that at some level of the subconscious or superconscious the two were intimately linked .
The same spirit that suffused and ruled this vast universe dwelt within him and guided his life and genius .
He felt its immediacy and its intimacy and addressed it as the Lord of his life , his Jivan - devata .
In his famous poem of that name he says , " O my Inmost Being , is your thirst quenched by coming into my heart ?
I have crushed my heart , like grapes in the press , and filled your cup with a thousand pourings of joy and sorrow .
The intervening minor and subordinate dynasties , wedged among the three imperial powers as buffer states , also took part in the activity and contributed to this movement in their respective regions .
There had been a lingering tradition of a taboo on stone for sacred and secular structures , because of its long local association with funerary erections , as has been noted before .
Mahendra I , perhaps taking the cue , excavated his first cave - temple at Mandagappattu ( South Arcot district ) for the Hindu trinity Siva , Vishnu and Brahma .
Thus , his craftsmen had the advantage of the long acquired know - how of such cutting into sandstone and carving them , which had been developing for nearly a millennium .
The first cave - temple was , as a result , bold and ambitious in design and of larger dimensions .
Close on Mangalesa ' s first cave - temple followed other similar cave - temples of the Chalukyas in Badami , Aihole , and other places , all excavated into the same soft rocks .
The shrine fronts , one , three or five , are at the rear of the inner mandapa , project more into the mandapa , and have all the angas of a vimana front , namely , moulded adhishthana , pilasters , or kudya - stambhas , with capital components as detailed above and prastara with well - formed kapota and kudu decorations .
The further superstructure of the vimana is not shown , as in a depiction of the interior aspect of a mandapa with the shrine behind , the upper parts of the vimana would not be visible .
The prastara of the shrine front abuts on the mandapa ceiling . There are eight such cave - temples in various stages of completion : the Koneri mandapam , the Varaha mandapam , the Mahishamardini mandapam ( locally called Yamapuri mandapam ) , an unfinished cave - temple next to the Koneri mandapam , the Pancha - Pandava mandapam , the Adivaraha cave - temple called Paramesvara Mahavaraha Vishnu - griha in its inscriptions and the Ramanuja mandapam . Of these the Varaha and Ramanuja mandapams have undivided mandapas while the Koneri mandapam and the Adivaraha cave - temple have their mandapas divided into ardha - and mukha - mandapas by an inner line of pillars .
The Pancha Pandava mandapam records an attempt to cut a square central shrine with a surrounding cloister in the form of a mandapa having two rows of pillars running all round .
The Varaha mandapam and the Adivaraha cave - temples have each a single shrine - cell while the Mahishamardini and the Ramanuja mandapams have three shrine - cells in them ; the Koneri mandapam has five in a row behind the mandapam .
Rock architecture was also sustained longer as a mode in the northern zone .
It developed more vigorously particularly under the Rashtrakutas as could be seen from their enormous output and such large - scale compositions as the caves at Elephanta , Dhumarlena and Jogeshvari , not to speak of the monolithic carvings of the Kailasa temple , and the Jain Chota Kailasa and the Jain chaumukh in the Indra Sabha complex .
But rock architecture soon became a mere second to structural stone constructions in the southern zone of the Chalukyas as would be seen in the sequel .
This was due to the fact that with the facility of quarrying the soft sandstone blocks , dressing and carving them more easily with the help of the skills acquired , coupled with the urge to construct stone temples on the models of brick - and - wood originals , the stone workers of the Badami - Aihole - Pattadkal area soon trained themselves into guilds of sthapatis that could build temples better instead of carving them out of rocks .
The structural creations of the Rashtrakuta period are , however , less pretentious , of medium or small dimensions , and less well - finished as compared with their rock - cut monuments .
The lay - out plan of the cave - temples varied from the structural temples in the successive rise in floor levels of the axial mandapas and shrines , in the much raised level of the sanctum floor , though the ceiling level throughout remained the same .
In the first group would be those that follow the scheme generalized by the later Buddhists in that area , namely , the vihara - chaitya type , with a cella and a frontal - pillared hall .
Thirdly , there would be those which show or tend to show the side shrines in the form of chambers containing panel sculptures and Saptamatrika shrines with a regular or principal sanctum at the rear , which is sandhara or one provided with a circumambulatory passage round it , with ardha - and maha - mandapas often having vedi parapets .
This , among other things , would indicate the early enunciation of the Agami , or ritual principles , which were elaborated and re - codified in later times .
The mandapa in front of the early cave - temples has more bays laterally on the transverse axis and only one bay at either end of the long axis .
In the Ajanta viharas on the other hand , the mandapa is a concentric scheme with one bay all round the central bay , which is often larger than the rest .
While this navaranga , or concentric nine - bay pattern , is repeated in the main scheme in the structural temples of the Chalukyan series , later , the Badami cave , mandapa - type also finds its structural analogues particularly in temples of the south - west Deccan , west Mysore and the Konkan and Malabar coasts down to the times of the Ikkeri Nayaks of the seventeenth century .
The provision of more aisles or bays parallel to the central nave with only one extreme bay at either end of the longitudinal axis finds its application in structural temples where the lateral bays , with pillars or walls of diminishing height from the centre , carry successively stepped down , slopy or flat roofs .
Such early structural temples are the Ladkhan in Aihole and the Kallamatha in Badami .
It would be evident that this feature in rock architecture is after the contemporary and earlier brick - and - timber structural models .
As a result the intercolumniation of the facade is not generally equal , the central pillars having a wider interspace than the lateral ones .
In Badami there are four cave - temples excavated at various heights on the vertical scarp of the sandstone rock .
The sanctum entrance is guarded by huge dvarapalas .
The exhibition of the bhuta gana friezes in the facade dwarf wall and the bracket figures , on the other hand , would take this excavation closer to the Badami group , thereby indicating the first quarter of the seventh century as its date .
Caves 20 , 22 , 23 and 24 , adjacent to this , would also belong to about the same period .
The Ravana - ki - kai ( Cave 14 ) is of a simpler plan , with a large pillared mandapa and a sandhara shrine at its rear .
The pillars are of the kumbha - valli type .
On either side of the shrine entrance , there are a number of carved images , including the two dvarapalas .
On the mandapa walls , and carved in the recesses between the pilasters , are sculptural compositions , Saivite and Vaishnavite .
The cella is rectangular and has provision for a platform on its rear with a socket in it for Vishnu or Durga , but not for Siva or a linga .
This excavation in the pre - Rashtrakuta series can be dated near AD 700 .
Cave 25 , or the Kumbharvada , has multiple shrine - cells as in Bhokardan and has lateral galleries attached to the antechamber .
While Cave 27 may be of the transitional period between the Chalukyas and Rashtrakutas , Cave 25 should be earlier , datable to the second half of the seventh century .
The Dasavatara , or Cave 15 , is an odd example in as much as it is the only two - storeyed cave - temple or cave - complex of a very large size .
It is apparently a case of reconditioning of what all was prepared and cut out for Buddhistic requirements .
It would mark the earliest example of Rashtrakuta work at Ellora .
Its front pavilion carries the inscription of Dantidurga ( c . 752 - 756 ) and is an accomplished piece of contemporary rock architecture .
The detached Nandi - mandapa is four - pillared with flights of steps at the front and the rear .
The facade of the temple that rises beyond has its two storeys with two rows of pillars , one above the other , the pillars being square and reminiscent of the arrangement in the Tin - tal cave of Ajanta .
The groundfloor is a compartment with fourteen square pillars and the upper floor has the plan of a large pillared mandapa with central nave and lateral aisles and a shrine with a linga at the rear .
The linga - pitha is circular .
The Jain excavations ( Caves 30 to 34 ) mark the last phase of activity in Ellora commencing from about AD 800 and continuing into the next century .
They follow mostly the earlier Hindu examples in plan and design , differing only in their sculpture and iconography .
The Indra Sabha ( Cave 32 ) and the Jagannath Sabha ( Cave 33 ) standing close together , are both two - storeyed excavations .
The Indra Sabha has in its open forecourt the chaumukh Jain monolithic temple .
The lower storey of the cave is an unfinished hall , mostly with simple pillars , some of them moulded .
The hall has a pillared portico , and there are two side shrines projecting on either side of the front .
The Jagannath Sabha , though of the same type , lacks the regularity of the plan .
The only exception is the aberrant Undavalli cave - temple which is dedicated to Vishnu .
The Nandi in Saiva cave - temples is rock - cut as in the Pandyan examples farther south .
In point of time the Akkanna - Madanna cave at Vijayawada in its present form comes first .
The last , if not of direct Eastern Chalukyan vintage , can at best be of Telugu - Chola authorship .
These cave - temples essentially consist of a rock - cut hall , or mandapa , with one or more , often three , shrine - cells behind .
The mandapa is in some cases astylar and in others multi - pillared , or demarcated into front and rear sections by two rows of pillars and pilastersthe usual facade row and the parallel inner row .
The pillars are usually simple , thick - set , short and square in section throughout , or have their middle height bevelled at the corners .
This results in the middle section being octagonal , while the basal and apical sections are square in plan .
The entrance , another characteristic storeyed structure of the south , was called the dvarasobha , mahadvara , or gopura , according to its stature and magnitude .
Often the additional mandapa was an unattached auxiliary structure standing separately in the forecourt inside the prakara .
The stature of the main vimana , with its adjunct , the ardha - or mukha - mandapa , was increased by the addition of a platform , the upa - pitha , below the adhishthana .
The rest of the figure sculpture was accommodated even on the pillars of the mandapa .
With the increasing importance and elaboration of rituals and multiplication of festivals , additions , both axial and peripheral , were made to this nuclear structure .
These took the form of auxiliary mandapas on the axial line and subsidiary shrines or vimanas , mandapas ( halls ) , and malikas or cloisters , surrounding the central unit .
The whole was enclosed by one or more prakaras , with one or more gopura entrances , resulting in the familiar temple complex of south India .
In cases , like the Brihadisvara at Thanjavur , the entire temple complex was planned and designed at the same time and executed almost simultaneously .
All this was actuated by the desire to construct vimanas of impressive loftiness on comparatively smaller base areas The quadrature or the sides of the aditala in the case of four - sided , polygonal , circular or apsidal structures , could be broken by offset projections or bays at intervals , starting from the lowermost part of the adhishthana This scheme could be carried up to the talas above also , resulting in a scheme of bays at the corners and along the sides , with intervening recesses .
This part called malasthana and padma bandha marks the top end of the shaft and the beginning of the capital which consists of moulded parts , a pitcher , lasuna or kalasa , placed over the padma bandha , a saucer - shaped part called tadi , a flattened , bulbous or cushion - shaped member over it called the kumbha carrying an inverted platter - shaped part , and a doucine moulding , called the pali ( or padma when it is shaped to simulate an inverted lotus blossom with petals ) which really forms the underside of a plank - like abacusthe phalaka .
The phalaka , large , thick and square in earlier forms , became polygonal or circular and thinner and smaller in later temples .
It supports the corbel - bracket or block , potika , which carries the beam , or uttira .
Thus there are the squatting or rearing vyalas ( mythical lion - like forms with transformed faces ) , elephants , nagas , nagadevas , bhutas , etc .
The pillar shaft , as also the capital components , except the phalaka ( which remains always square in earlier forms ) , may , instead of being four - sided or square , have six , eight , sixteen or more sides , or be circular in section .
In the earlier series of temples mostly the alpa and jati vimanas prevailed .
These small and middle size gopuras were single - or two - or three - storeyed , called dvarasobha , dvarasala , dvaragopura , etc .
From the close of the tenth century onwards when larger vimanas came to be constructed , the gateway came to assume correspondingly larger proportions , becoming many - storeyed and called mahadvara , or gopura , or rajagopuram .
The gateways also tended to increase in height and size , ultimately to become the dominating structures of the temple complex .
This could be seen particularly in the case of those ancient temples where the main vimana nucleus that was ancient was kept intact and the prakara and gopura adjuncts came to be successively added round it in later times as in the Chidambaram , Tiruvannamalai , Madurai and Srirangam temple complexes .
There was thus a shift in emphasis from the main vimana in the gopura , with the result that while in the earlier temple complexes , as in the Brihadisvara temple at Thanjavur , the sky - line descends from the stupi of the main vimana to the outer of the two front gopuras built almost in the same period as the main vimana , it ascends from the centre to the outermost gopura in the four temple complexes mentioned above .
THE MONOLITHIC VIMANA FORMS While the Chalukyas of Badami started constructing structural temples of the very tractable sandstone closely following their earlier excavated rock - cut cave - temples in the same type of rock , the Pallavas were faced with a very hard and intractable materialthe granites and charnockites .
Besides carving out a few vimana forms as miniature reliefs or full - scale facades , they also started carving out three - dimensional monolithic vimanas of normal stature , and of diverse kinds .
This was a sequel to the experience they gained in the cutting in of cave - temples in hard stone .
It is both the vehicle of an idea and a study of conflicting loyaltiesin which respect it may be said to belong to the same class as his earlier play , Sacrifice .
Hero , too , the forces of Brahminism , of Hindu orthodoxy , are ranged against the challenge of compassion , of universal love in this case as specifically taught by the Buddha .
In the Buddha , according to him , the Hindu race and thought had achieved its finest flowering .
He was to write many poems and plays drawing on Buddhist legends and motifs .
Malini , the King ' s daughter in the play , is his first major Buddhist heroine .
But the most live and convincing character in the play is not this lovely and saintly but somewhat shadowy maiden , but her chief enemy , the leader of the Hindu orthodoxy , in whose proud personality is symbolised the strength and obstinacy of his religion .
The conflict is not only between obedience to " moth - eaten scriptures " and a religion of one ' s choice but between the poetry of pity " and the prose of social necessity .
" Pity is beautiful like the yonder moon that casts its spell in the sky , but is that the only enduring reality ?
The two smallest ones lack the prastara part .
Thus this ratha alone would illustrate the various forms of nasikas as described in the texts .
The two - storeyed Ganesa ratha is nirandhara , single - walled , and with a narrow mukha - ma ' uapa in front and of the same length as the aditala .
The mandapa is walled on its shorter sides and round the front corners leaving an open facade in front , with vyala - based pillars and pilasters .
The Pallava vogue of creating cut - out monolithic temple forms was soon caught up , as it were , not only by the neighbours of the Pallavas in south India , but also by others much beyond , and quite a few monolithic temples of the southern and northern types were created in various parts of India , from the Tirunelveli district at the far southern tip of the peninsula to the Kangra district in the foot - hills of the Himalayas in the north ; from Bihar in the east to Mandsaur in the west and Gwalior in central India all within the two succeeding centuries .
Following this pioneering work of the Pallavas , a few attempts at the cutting out of monolithic vimana forms in the same or succeeding centuries are noticeable in the Eastern Chalukyan region north of the Pallava territory of Tondaimandalam .
The smaller vimana is three - storeyed , all square on plan , but with octagonal griva and sikhara and stupi on top .
While the aditala is devoid of the hara elements on top , it has , like the top tola , four seated bhutas placed at the corners blowing conches .
The hara elements are found over the second tala on all the four sides , and again over the ardha - mandapa in front of the aditala .
The talas are proportionately tail , the top tala rising high and clear over the hara elements of the tala below , the stupi over the octagonal griva and sikhara being made of polished black basalt .
The pilasters on the walls have rearing lion bases , as is characteristic of the Rajasimha temples .
It is essentially square on its base and tolas , but its east - facing aditala has smaller oblong shrines with cells attached to the middle of its south , west and northern sides over corresponding offset extensions of the adhishthana .
The corresponding oblong attachment on the east with the passage through it , forms the antarala entrance to the main sanctum .
The two lateral shrines facing east as also the rear shrine facing west are like the main sanctum , dedicated to Siva .
The Virattanesvara temple at Tiruttani ( Chingleput district ) affords a very good example of a single - storeyed vimana square in its adhishthana and aditala that carries an apsidal griva sikhara superstructure .
' It was built of hard black stone in the ninth century in the time of Pallava Aparajitavarman , one of the last rulers of the dynasty .
It contains some good bas - reliefs in its wall niches which exemplify the definite polarisation of the deities in the vimana and ardha - mandapa devakoshthas , namely , Ganesa and Durga respectively , in the southern and northern outer wall niches of the ardha - mandapa and Dakshinamurti , Vishnu and Brahma respectively , in the south , west and north outer wall niches of the aditala wall .
The introduction of a projected gargoyle - like water - outlet , the pranala , from the northern side of ttiegarbha - griha floor to drain off the abhisheka water , till now not noticed in earlier temples , is another noteworthy feature .
The credit of constructing fine vimanas of hardstone , though small , and perfecting the same would , however , go to the contemporary Pandyas of the south who , following their rock - cut temples and the single carved - out monolithic vimanathe Vettuvankovil at Kalugumalai ( AD 800 ) , built a series of small karralis , or all - stone temples , in the southern districts .
The series of small and elegant all - stone temples at Kaliyapatti , Tiruppur , Visalur and Panangudi ( Pudukkottai district ) have square ekatala vimanas with simple moulded adhishthanas , less than 2 metre square at the base , carrying on top over the cella a square griva and sikhara .
In addition to the vimana koshtha devatas in the prescribed order as mentioned above , in the context of the Tiruttani Virattanesvara , they have eight smaller sub - shrines , the ashta parivara , dedicated to the ancillary deities located on the corners and sides and inside the prakara wall that surrounds the nuclear vimana and its axial adjuncts . While all the rest of the eight sub - shrines are square on plan like the main vimana , the one on the middle of the south side , dedicated to the Saptamatrikas , is rendered oblong with an appropriate sola sikhara as exemplified in the typical temple complex of the Sundaresvara at Tirukkattalai ( Pudukkottai district ) .
The oblong form with sala sikhara became the invariable rule , according to prescription and practice , for all the devi shrines .
His short stories created a new form in literature and set a standard which has not been surpassed in Indian literary achievement not even by his own later stories .
Apart from his creative prose , the range and quantity of his reflective prose of the period is astonishing .
There was hardly a subject which he did not tackle , including philology and science , and in almost everything he said he opened out new lines of thinking .
The elements are dramatically characterised ; fire and water are feminine inquisitive and emotional , the other three masculine , earth stolid and opportunist , air an idealist , and ether vague .
The author himself plays the part of a mediator , now provoking , now debunking and now clarifying the different points of view , an Indian Plato with a Shavian wink in his eye .
The square aditala outer wall carries on top over its prastara four karnakutas at the corners and four salas in between over the central bays of the wall The adhishthana below is extended forward and widened to form the base of the wider square mandapa in front .
The central bays of its walls have devakoshthas for sculptures of Siva , as on the vimana wall , and the recesses have perforated windows .
Both these temples show some advanced features such as the elaborately carved over - door of the shrine entrance in addition to the niche decoration already noticed , and in having a water - chute , or channel , on the floor of the shrine with an outlet opening on the northern side .
The Malegitti Sivalaya standing on an outer crag among the hills of Badami is the simplest structure consisting of a ponderously built single - walled nirandhara vimana composed of large blocks of sandstone , with a closed mandapa almost of the same width in front of it , preceded by an open four - pillared porch of a lesser width , all standing over a common moulded adhishthana .
The ham of four karnakutas and four salas of the aditala of the vimana is extended over the mandapa in front , the two front vimana karnakutas being also the rear karnakutas of the mandapa .
The second tola of the vimana has a similar hara of four kutas and four salas .
Four more large karnakutas closely adhere to the griva sikhara and conceal the corner faces of the octagonal griva , partially over - topping the squat dome of the octagonal sikhara and thereby lending a peculiar appearance to this vimana .
The cardinal faces of the griva have four nasikas of equal size .
The three bays on the vimana wall on each of its faces correspond , respectively , to the two extreme karnakutas and central sola , with plain rectangular niches for sculptures of deities .
His countrymen love these clever and wise sayings and love to quote them wisdom , like medicine , is more platable when dispensed in the form of tablets but that the author himself did not attach much value to them might be guessed from the title he gave to the volume Kaniha ( Trifles ) .
EVEN while Rabindranath was writing that he wanted nothing more in life than to be allowed to watch its lovely panorama from his boat on the river , he was getting restless for a more active and crowded existence .
The sleeping giant of nationalism was beginning to stir in his land and the British Government was getting nervous and apprehensive .
Beneath its cloak of benevolence the sword rattled .
In 1898 the Sedition Bill was passed to stifle nationalist agitation and the great scholar - patriot , Tilak , was arrested .
The poet jumped into the fray and one the day before the Bill became an Act read his famous paper on " Kantharodh " ( The Throttle ) at a public meeting in Calcutta .
He raised his powerful voice against the repressive policy of the Government and actively participated in raising funds for Tilak ' s defence .
When , soon after , the plague broke out in Calcutta he assisted Sister Nivedita in organising relief and medical aid for the victims of this dead epidemic .
The poet was turning into a healer of his people ' s wounds and a high priest of their national aspirations , not only raising his voice but leading an active hand in service at the front .
It has the loftiest known or achieved vimana , 66m high , standing over a basal square , one side of which is about 28m in length and which , in due proportion to the elevation , forms an appropriately broad , high and amply moulded upa - pitha platform , on which the boldly moulded adhishthana of the east - facing pyramidal vimana rests .
The same upa - pitha and adhishthana are extended forward as basal structures of the axially placed ardha - , maha - and mukha - mantfapas , connected to the main vimana by a north - south transept across the ardha - mandapa , reached from either side by flights of steps over the heights of the upa - pitha and adhishthana .
The pillard maha - and mukha - mandapas are closed on their sides , the rows of pillars inside forming a central nave and lateral aisles which , in the maha - mandapa part , are raised as a continuous platform on either side of the central passage formed by the nave .
The structure of pillars and roof over the frontal landing , constituting an open porch , or agra - mandapa , are later replacements over the original adhishthana and upa - pitha with a flight of steps added in front in addition to the two original ones on the sides .
While the transversely designed mukha - mandapa as also the connecting transept rise in four storeys , the maha - mandapa was originally three - storeyed .
The top storey was evidently an open terrace , with a row of Nandis placed on the coping of its walls .
The basal part of the vimana enclosing the garbha - griha is of two talas and is double - walled in the sandhara mode , each of the walls , outer and inner , of the same thickness and very massive .
These two walls enclose inner circumambulatories in two tiers , since the inner wall of the sanctum too rises vertically to the same height of two storeys , in order to accommodate the colossal linga , and its equally immense linga - pitha in the sanctum .
The outer wall , like the adhishthana below , is externally relieved into five bays on each face , the central ones on the south , west and north having the large door - openings in two tiers , one over the other , for both storeys of the inner circumambulatory .
Parallel in mood and temper to his political activities were his literary offerings of the period ballads , narrative poems , and dramatic episodes recreating his country ' s past .
" Hymns to the gods and the praises of worthy actions , " opined the Greek philosopher in his Republic , " are the only sort of poetry to be admitted to our state .
For if you were to admit the pleasurable muse also , in songs or verses , we should have pleasure and pain reigning in our state instead of law . "
Did the philosopher overlook that pleasure and pain are the very pulse of life and without them the reign of law could only ensure the uniformity of life lessness ?
Plato ' s approval of Rabindranath would have been short - lived in any case .
Two major volumes of this period , Katha ( Ballads ) and Kahini ( Tales ) , are masterpieces of narrative verse and dramatic dialogue .
The lyric poet , the dramatist and the story - teller have pooled their genius to make some of these pieces rank among Tagore ' s finest legacies to his people , cherished as much by the young as by the old .
An idea of his power of seizing on the dramatic possibilities of a situation which is only baldly referred to in the pages of the Mahabharata can be had if one compared such pieces as " Kama and Kunti " or " Gandhari ' s Prayer " with the original narrative in the Indian epic .
The poet ' s increasing concern with basic moral and spiritual values is the chief characteristic of these poems &gt; apart from their exquisite poetry , narrative skill and dramatic power .
The square vimana with a boldly moulded adhishthana over a high upa - pitha is likewise sandhara in its two vertical lower talas .
The Brihadisvara vimana of Gangaikonda - cholapuram differs from its predecessor and supposed model of the same name in Thanjavur in one important respect .
It has only a single entrance on the east on both the functional lower storeys and is not chaturmukha or sarvatobhadra as the Thanjavur temple is .
The tapering superstructure of further talas resting on the third tala , rendered in a similar kadalika karana mode , assumes an embowed outline at the corners in contrast to the severely straight corner lines of the Thanjavur vimana .
This is an aesthetic achievement , resulting from the clever interposition of octagonal kutas in the hara elements of the upper talas as karnakutas at the corners .
Externally this vimana may be said to excel its predecessor in the matter of quality , fineness and variety of bold sculpture , as also the more aesthetic design of its superstructure .
Internally , however , it lacks the other embellishments , namely , the paintings and depiction of dances .
The smaller temple units , called the Uttara Kailasa and Dakshina Kailasa on either side of the main vimana , also belong to about the same period .
The wholly apsidal and multi - storeyed main vimana , built of blackstone of the Tiruvorriyur temple near Madras , is another fine temple , though it is a smaller structure of Rajendra I Chola .
The foundation inscription is interesting in that it defines the type of stone used as krishna - sila - LCB - blackstone ) , gives an account of the angas or parts of the vimana by which it was embellished , and also the name of the architect - designer .
In front of the three external openings of the mandapas are two short flights of steps down the adhishthana and upa - pitha heights , respectively , with two miniature vimana models posed at either end on the ground level and on top of the flight of steps over the upa - pitha platform .
The bases of the peripheral pillars of the navaranga and its three porches were interconnected by kakshasana platforms over which a few generations later ( in the time of Ballala II who built the tank at the north - east corner and the prakara ) , perforated screen walls were fitted between the pillars , making the mandapa a closed one .
The adhishthana tiers of the vimana antamla and mandapa are profusely carved with long lines of friezes of animals , men and narrative scenes .
The overhanging kapota of the mandapa is supported by numerous finely - carved female figures in graceful poses called madanikas .
The superstructure of the main vimana is now lost .
The pillars inside the mandapa are exquisitely lathe - turned or intricately carved , and a few of them carry fine , bold , figure sculptures .
The raised coffer - like central ceiling of the mandapa , rising in eight tiers by stepped - up triangular slabs cutting the corners successively , forms a sort of octagonal hollow dome with all the tiers intricately carved .
The temple thus is a veritable museum of sculptures , large and small , and intricate vegetal , floral and animal carvings .
The sikhara on top also appears to have been square .
The mandapa with offset sides has four carved pillars at its centre round a raised floor with a ceiling , which is a grid of nine squares , each containing a lotus .
The Namesvara temple in another part of the village , consecrated in about 1202 by Nami Reddi , is a more elegant structure with carving and sculpture richer than in the larger Erakesvara .
It consists of the vimana facing east and open mukha - mandapa connected by an antarala .
The mandapa is of the navaranga pattern with four central pillars round the centre of the floor and twelve more pillars on the periphery .
Adjacent to the Namesvara is a triple - shrined unit with three shrines opening on the south , west and north of a common mukha - mandapa .
The three shrines , all alike , are comparatively plain structures built of large slabs of stone with no decorations on their exterior .
The shrines named Namesvara , Kamesvara and Kachesvara ( now called Mukkanti Siva temple ) were built by Nami Reddi at the beginning of the thirteenth century .
The ruined brickwork superstructure has lost many of its distinctive features .
The temple complex at Ghanapur ( Warangal district ) inside the mud - fort at the centre of the village is another example of a Kakatiya temple complex .
Axially there is a ruined mandapa in front of the eastern porch .
The surrounding parivara shrines are of varied character , with or without a front mandapa .
Some of them have tiered superstructures still extant with sukanasika projections , in some of which the kuta sola elements of the southern vimana are evident .
Many of them have square sikharas .
In one case at least the crowning part is of the amalaka type .
There are about a dozen temples , not very outstanding , inside the Warangal fort , many of them only , small structures like the Virabhadra , Mandalamma , Rama , Vishnu , Venkatesa , Svayambhu , Nelasambhu , Jangamesvara , and Devi temples .
The two small temples at Katachpur ( Kataksliapura ) in the same district are trikuta with their superstructures lost .
The superstructure over the stone - built body in many cases , especially the larger temples , is of brick and mortar .
These miniature shrine tops here and elsewhere are of the vimana type with a square or circular sikhara or of the prasada type with an amalaka on top .
Another characteristic decorative motif seen is a cruciform rosette , or a lotus with four petals spread crosswise , a pattern that one finds carried over to the Ikkeri area of the late Vijayanagar empire and the temples of the Keladi Nayakas there .
There are nearly fifty temples of the Kakatiyas known , but they are mostly in various stages of ruination .
A few of these temples , however , are of the Kadarnba - Chalukya vimana pattern which have been dealt with separately .
After the early Muslim inroads into the south which had abated the hitherto continuous temple - building activity , there was apparently a temporary lull for less than half a century .
The rise of the militant Vijayanagar empire to halt the Muslim conquest in the middle of the fourteenth century ( which , in the process , soon encompassed the whole of the peninsula ) almost gave a new and vigorous spurt to temple architecture by way of repairs or additions to existing structures , and erection of new ones .
In their northern domain , the imperial rulers , with their capital at Vijayanagar or Hampi , inherited the architectural traditions as carried down till their times by the later Chalukyas , Kakatiyas and Hoysalas , and in their southern provinces the tradition as developed up to the times of the later Pandyas .
Thus their temples in their northern domains in the Deccan , Andhra and Karnataka regions retain much that was of Chalukyan - Hoysala - Kakatiya inspiration , while their more southern constructions in Tamil Nadu and southern Kerala continued the traits of the Pallava - Chola - Pandya architecture .
But as already stated , they made one significant change in so far as the northern regions were concerned : in all the places throughout their vast empire they adopted and spread the hardstone tradition and technique and building to the exclusion of the hitherto prevalent softstone constructions .
In their vast capital of Hampi , now ruined , there are scores of temples , all of hard stone , exhibiting the traits from one of the two sources , the Chalukya - Rashtrakuta - Hoysala - Kakatiya series , and the Pallava - Chola - Pandya series .
Their subsequent capitals at Penukonda ( Anantapur district ) , Chandragiri ( Chittoor district ) , and Vellore ( North Arcot ) , and their environs , and their provincial capitals or seats of viceregal Nayakas as at Vellore ( North Arcot ) , Gingee ( South Arcot ) , Thanjavur , Madurai , and Ikkeri ( Shimoga district ) also have temples of their period .
Some of their temples are remarkable for the great size of their component structures , i . e . the mandapas and gapuras .
It marked a definite break and made the designers and the architect - sculptors think in terms of the new material and urged them to put forth their best , both in terms of number and quality that would reflect the aim and genius of the Vijayanagar epoch .
He was a sanyasin of the Sringeri Sankaracharya lineage ordained by the great pontiff Vidyasankara , also called Vidyatirtha and himself became the pontiff as second in succession to him .
Under the aegis of the saint , Virupaksha I celebrated his coronation in the new capital on 18 April 1336 in the presence of God Virupaksha , undertaking to rule the kingdom as the agent of the deity , in token of which he adopted the royal sign manual Sri Virupaksha that continued as such ever since .
The wind was chilly and after the bath the Queen who was in a gay mood felt it would be gratefun if she could warm herself near a fire .
Seeing an humble cottage nearby she ordered her companions to set fire to it .
As the flames fanned by the wind shot up high the Queen was delighted and returned to the palace , pleased with a morning well spent .
The King sent for the Queen and asked her how she could do a thing like that .
The Queen smiled and said , " The loss is negligible " .
The King replied , " You shall judge that for yourself , " and ordered that the Queen be divested of all her jewels and other valuables and asked to leave the palace .
" Go and earn or beg your livelihood , " he said to her .
" Only then you will understand how great was the loss of the poor man whose cottage was burnt down for your moment ' s pleasure .
After you have made enough to rebuild the cottage , I shall take you back as my Queen . "
But " hymns to the gods and the praises of worthy actions " could not wholly satisfy a poet whose genius was primarily and in tensely lyrical arid individual .
This latter form is akin to what obtains in the pidadeul shrines of Orissan vintage on the north - east and the phansanakara sikhara found in Gujarat and western India on the north - west of the Deccan .
The temples in Hampi and places round about , that constitute the maximum agglomeration of Vijayanagar fame , very patently exhibit this dichotomy , by their conformity with the one or the other of these two parent stocks and the most important ones of either class are noticed below and in the succeeding chapter .
But in the initial years of the nascent empire wherever faced with the challenge of raising up imposing edifices that would accord with the ambition and pride of the rising empire , the Vijayanagar architects have responded by making some bold and daring experiments and produced structures that would seem to be aberrant in the geographical and cultural context but yet exhibiting merit and fine composition .
While the former date may refer to an earlier nuclear shrine raised on the spot , the latter date would indicate that the large all - stone temple now standing over the spot was in a completed stage by that year .
Thus it would be seen that the temple was founded within a few years after the foundation of Vijayangar , the city and the empire .
The temple built in the local reddish granite is easily the largest among early Vijayanagar temples , consisting of the sanctum and axial mandapa combined into one unit .
On plan , from foundation to the aditala and mandapa prastara , it is a double apse or chapa , the two large apses meeting each other by their open ends resulting in an elliptical shape that is rather elongated .
The outer , curved apse ends face east and west respectively .
His Lord of Life is increasingly claiming His dues . " I threw my heart into this world , you picked it up and have made it your own .
But the pagan will not easily part from his Pan , the lover of life will not readily give up his many loves for the cheerless austerity of an exclusive devotion .
For sheer delight in the creation of forms , light - heartedness of mood , playfulness of thought and liveliness of language , for the exquisite frivolity of genius , Tagore never wrote anything finer , whether before or after , than the book of poems with which he closed the fortieth year of his life .
He took the liberty of using freely the colloquial language with its abbreviated sounds and drew such strength , vigour and music out of it that the experiment may be said to have revolutionised the future of Bengali poetry .
In the language of the people he found at last his own true language and made it the language of literature .
In a charming lyric he begs his " incomparable one " to forgive the frivolity of his mood and the liberties he cannot help taking with decorum , for in the season of rain when the sky pours itself out and the earth dances , how can the human heart repress its wild impulses ?
The " incomparable one " might well have been the Bengali reader , too , along with his Muse .
But this exquisite overflow of high spirits , of genial cynicism and unconcern , was itself a fleeting interludehis parting gift to the dying century to which he owed so much .
His offering to the new century was very different .
No two books of his are in sharper contrast than the two which followed each other in quick succession : Kshanika which marked the end of 1900 and Naivedya ( Offering ) which marked the beginning of 1901 .
Several of them were included later in the English Gitanjali .
The artist is subdued by the man of God and there is no room in these poems for high flights of imagination or dexterity of thought or emotional exuberance or metrical playfulness .
He has realised his own helplessness and will henceforth seek his light only from Him .
All else is because He is .
" Let Thy lamp burn in my home . Mine only heats the air and throws out foul smoke . "
He also stated in his written reply that he was totally powerless and had he not acceded to their threats they would have killed him and his queen , Zeenat Mahal : " They even declared that they would depose me and make Mirza Mughal the king .
It is a matter for patient and just consideration then , what power in any way did I possess , or what reason had I to be satisfied with them ?
I was in their power , what could I do ?
They came suddenly and made me a prisoner .
I found myself in such a predicament that I was weary of my life , while my officials had no hope of their ' s being spared .
I took nothing from them , nor did they bring any of the plunder to me .
They , one day , went to the house of the queen , Zeenat Mahal , intending to plunder it , but did not succeed in breaking open the door .
It should accordingly be considered if they were subservient to my authority .
" I did not go out in procession of my own free will .
The few servants I engaged , I engaged for the protection of my own life , in consequence of my fears of the revolted and rebellious troops .
When these troops prepared to abscond , finding an opportunity , I got away secretly under the palace windows , and went and stayed in Humayun ' s mausoleum .
From this place I was summoned with a guarantee that my life would be spared , and I at once placed myself under the protection of the government .
The mutinous troops wished to take me with them , but I would not go . "
But I have already stated that officers of the army caused whatever orders they chose to be written without my knowledge , and had them attested with my seal ; and I feel convinced that these must be of the same kind ; and that they must have compelled me to write with my hand the order they wished on Bakht Khan ' s petition , in the same way that they did in the case of every other petition . "
The . entire defence shows how weak and spineless Bahadur Shah had become at the time when he was brought to trial .
He had no strength left in him and there was no trace of the famous Mughal pride .
He was merely a puppet in the hands of the army and the officers and had no option but to sign decrees and orders as required by them .
It appears that he was solely interested in saving his own life and that of his queen ( who by that time hated him ) .
In his written statement , clearly to gain the sympathy of the court , he even said that the army alleged that he and his wife Zeenat Mahal were trying to help Englishmen .
He stated : " Moreover , they ( troopers and soldiers ) used to accuse my servants of sending letters to and of keeping in league with the English , more particularly the physicianAshan Ulla Khan , Mahbub AH Khan and the queen , Zeenat Mahal , whom they said they would kill for doing so . "
He was neither in a position nor was he advised to cross - examine any of the witnesses .
The entire evidence against him remained unquestioned and it was on the basis of the untested evidence that the Judge Advocate General secured the conviction .
The Deputy Judge Advocate General , Major F . J . Harriot , prosecutor for the government , then addressed the court .
After giving a brief history , from the time the rebellion broke till the arrest of Bahadur Shah , and summarising the evidence against the King , he categorically stated that the charges against the prisoner had been fully proved by the witnesses and documents produced before the Commission .
He said , " We stop to enquire whether it has been proved in this court , and will be repeated in after years , that the last King of the Imperial House of Taimur was an accomplice in this villainy .
These murders were committed in the broad glare of the day , before dozens of witnesses , and without the slightest attempt at concealment . They were perpetrated , as has been already stated , by the prisoner ' s own retainers , and within the limits of his palace , where , be it remembered , even under the Company ' s government , his jurisdiction was paramount .
I shall not , however , attempt to infer that these murders must have been previously sanctioned by the prisoner ; mere inference on such a point cannot be accepted in a court of justice .
He refused to hold the foreigner solely responsible for the ills of his land and said that they who inflict wrong and they who suffer it without resistance are both guilty in the eye of Heaven .
When the poet wrote this , he had no idea that within a few years this truth would be proclaimed and vindicated by Gandhi .
In a very remarkable poem written on the last day of the dying century , entitled appropriately " Sunset of the Century , " he denounced nationalism as the " Self - love of Nations " and saw in the brutality and terror of the Boer War an ominous warning of worse tragedies to follow . " The last sun of the century sets amidst the blood - red clouds of the west and the whirlwind of hatred . "
Strangely enough , it was during this period of intense religious and moral idealism that Rabindranath wrote the two novels , Nashta Nld ( The Broken Nest ) and ChokherBali ( The Eyesore ) , which laid the foundation of the realistic and psychological novel in Indian literature .
The novels written before these , whether by Bankim Chatterji or by Tagore himself , were historical romances or social melodramas or a mixture of both .
The modern novel proper , whether realistic or psychological or concerned with a problem , begins with these two in Indian literature .
The Broken Nest is the domestic tragedy of the busy editor of a daily paper who has little time to spare for his very young and romantic wife .
The bored wife seeks solace and stimulus in the company of her husband ' s young cousin , a lively and versatile youth .
They inspire and instigate each other to write and both turn out to be budding writers .
The inevitable complications arise and the happy nest is broken .
He quoted : " Mirza Mughal , his own son , and diverse other ' unknown inhabitants of Delhi and of the North - West Provinces of India ' in as much as the petition from which I am quoting , bears the autograph order of the prisoner referring to his own son Mirza Mughal and directing him quickly to send a regiment of infantry with its officers of Najafgarh . . . "
Referring to the evidence and circumstances of the prisoner having been proclaimed as King and his authority which was established on 11th May , 1858 , he said , " Mirza Mughal was publicly appointed Commander - in - Chief and a special state procession , in honour of his being so appointed , took place a few days after the outbreak . . .
Subedar Bakht Khan was appointed both Lord Governor General and Commander - in - Chief on 11th July , 1857 .
Whatever was done under the authority of these two persons were in law to have been done under the authority of the King . "
An order of the King dated 6th September , 1857 , among other documents , was read .
Who else could have given such an order . "
Some papers described as ' court - diary ' were relied upon to prove that 49 Europeans were murdered with the consent of the King .
Forty - nine Britishers were prisoners and the army demanded that they should be given over to them for slaughter .
The King delivered them by saying , ' The army may do as they please ' , and the prisoners were consequently put to the sword .
He also relied upon certain circulars purported to have been sent to the ruler of Kutch , chief of Jaisalmer and the ruler of Jammu . "
About the knowledge of the King in helping and encouraging the mutineers of the 11th and 20th Regiments of the Native Infantry , the Deputy Judge Advocate General said : " We have evidence that the mutineers of the 11th and 20th Regiments of Native Infantry , before the Magazine was exploded , proceeded to attack and escalate it , and it is then for the first time that we find the King , through his troops , acting in open alliance with these traitors to their government .
From that moment there is no further disguise and no attempt at concealment .
After the speech of the Deputy Judge Advocate General , the court adjourned to consider and arrive at its findings .
When the court reassembled , on 9th March , 1858 , it pronounced its judgment : " The court , on the evidence before them , are of the opinion that the prisoner , Muhammad Bahadur Shah , ex - King of Delhi , is guilty of all and every part of the charges preferred against him . "
This verdict was approved and confirmed by Major General N . P . Penny , commanding the Meerut Division on 2nd April , 1858 at Camp Saharun ; and the court was adjourned sine die .
Bahadur Shah has been criticised by many writers for accepting the trial .
He was not a British subject , therefore there was no justification for the British Government to try him before the Tribunal .
The problem analysed in Chokher Bali , which is a fuller and a better constructed novel , is posed in a more complex setting .
The story revolves round the dilemma of human relationship and describes what takes place behind the staid facade of a well - to - do , middle - class Bengali home of the period where a widowed mother lives with her only son on whom she dotes .
One would imagine that nothing much ever happen in a home like that with its numerous inhibitions and restricted social contacts , and in fact nothing happens that may not happen in any Indian home .
And yet passions , savage and violent , are unleashed within hearts seemingly placid , and battles rage until the home is nearly burnt down without flame or smoke being visible to the outside eye .
Altogether the first year of the present century is a very significant year in Tagore ' s life , fruitful in every respect , from the point of view of his literary achievement , his spiritual development , his public commitments and his struggles as a man . The year marks the end of his freedom as an individual owing no obligations save to his Muse and to his family .
The lover will become a teacher and the poet will don the robes of a prophet .
All he knew was that he could no longer continue looking exclusively after the family estates , that destiny was calling him to a larger field of activity .
Life in Calcutta with its incessant clamour and distractions was too noisy and distasteful .
He needed proximity to nature and earth , he needed quiet for his work and he needed activity to fill the leisure between writing .
What better place than Santiniketan to suit all his requirements ?
" Upon the basis of that statement in the Brahmo Public Opinion , without informing yourself whether it was true or false , and without ever making enquiry into the cirumstances of the case , you proceeded recklessly to comment upon the conduct of the judge and to hold him up to public execration .
" Now so far from there being the least foundation for this tissue of abuse , it appears from the affidavits upon which this rule was issued ( which are now admitted by yourself to be perfectly correct ) , that the account given in the Brahtno Public Opinion and your own comments upon it , were wholly without foundation .
" It may be perfectly true that European judges and more especially barrister judges , are often imperfectly acquainted with the religious views and feelings of the Hindu community , and the utmost they can do , when occasion arises , is to consult those who are best informed upon the subject and to be guided by their advice .
" But we now understand from your own affidavit , as well as from your counsel , Mr Banerjea , that you admit that the learned judge did everything in his power , to ascertain the truth of the matter , and to avoid giving the least offence to the religious feelings of your countrymen .
" It therefore only remains for us to consider what punishment we ought to inflict upon you .
" It is , indeed , a very lamentable thing , and I trust that your own countrymen will also be of that opinion , to find a gentleman of your position and attainments , who was once a member of the coveted Civil Service and is now an honorary magistrate of this city , making use of his influence as a newspaper editor to vilify and bring into public contempt , without any justification whatever , a judge of the High Court .
You profess in your affidavit to justify your offence by putting forward as the basis of your false charges against Mr Justice Norris , a statement in the Brahmo Public Opinion which you say you believed to be true and upon which you considered yourself at liberty to enlarge and comment with extreme severity .
" Moreover , whilst you profess to admit that your charges were totally false and unfounded , and made without any sort of enquiry on your part , you still maintain that you made them in perfect good faith , and in the interests of the public good .
" Furthermore , you have made mention in your affidavit of another article , extracted from the Brahmo Public Opinion , which is also apparently intended to reflect upon Mr Justice Norris , and the subject of which has nothing to do with the present proceedings .
An English judge was sacrosanct : above law , above criticism .
Ramcoomar Dey was discharged without any punishment .
Justice Mitter , who had the rare courage to dissent , did not agree with the majority opinion and the sentence awarded .
He opposed such severe punishment in a case of this nature .
Chief Justice did not like this and said : " . . . that the majority of the court regret that in determining the award of punishment , my brother Mitter ' s views should not be in accordance with theirs .
We are , of course , fully aware of the proceedings to which that the learned judge refers , but in the first place , we think , the facts of that case are very different from the present and in the next place , we find ample precedent in England and in this case of libel where a more severe punishment has been awarded . "
Though the affidavit filed by Surendra Nath Banerjea was clear and unequivocal , still , the judges were bent upon teaching a lesson and characterised the affidavit as lacking in honesty and candour .
It was well known that Surendra Nath Banerjea was not only a great orator and politician , but a man of great learning and master of English language .
He was fully advised by his counsel and there was nothing vague in his affidavit .
Still the Chief Justice observed , to justify the punishment :
If after what you have heard , you state that , upon reflection you find that the charges which you made against Mr Justice Dwarkanath Mitter were unwarranted and wholly without foundation , and that you are sorry for having made them , you may do so , and you may add , if you wish it , either that you did not intend to cast any reflection upon any of the other judges , or that the reflection cast was unfounded , and if you publish that apology in The Englishman , you may apply , on Monday the 3rd day of May next , for your discharge on payment of the fine ' .
" This sentence was passed on Saturday the 24th April , 1869 , and on the 27th April the following Mr Taylor , having made a suitable apology , was released , the remaining term of his imprisonment having been remitted .
The complexion of guilt in the case of Mr Taylor is certainly not of a lighter character than that of Surendra Nath Banerjea .
On the 18th July , 1893 , Justice B . Peacock observed that after carefully examining the provisions of the Code of Criminal Procedure , 1882 , which came into force in January , 1883 , they were clearly of the opinion that notwithstanding the Code , the High Court had jurisdiction to commit the petitioner for a contempt of court in publishing the libel set out in the petition .
In 1898 Rabindranath had taken his wife and five children , three daughters and two sons , to his estate in Shelidah and had taken in his own hands their education .
But teaching one ' s children haphazardly is not enough ; he needed a wider field for systematic experimentation and he thought , Why not shift to Santiniketan and start a small experimental school there ?
His imagination had already been caught by idealised pictures of tapovana or forest hermitages in ancient India where learned sages lived with their disciples and taught them the practice of simple living and high thinking .
He would thus revive the ancient ideal and replace the soulless and mechanical system of education which the British rulers had imported from their Victorian slums by a new and creative one in which both teaching and learning would be pleasurable .
He would combine the ancient spirit with the modern setting and recast the old in a new mould .
On 22 December 1901 he inaugurated his school at Santiniketan , with five pupils , among them his eldest son , and with as many teachers .
He named it Brahmacharya Asrama , after the ancient forest hermitages .
The orthodox Hindu must have squirmed at this sacrilege , for of the five teachers three were Christians , one an Englishman , his son ' s previous tutor .
But that was always Tagore ' s wayto interpret tradition in his own fashion , to honour the dead on his own terms .
Their sentences were accordingly reduced from death to transportation for life .
Their Lordships delivered separate judgments .
They agreed in acquitting B . H . Kane .
With regard to 12 others , viz . Barindra , Ullaskar , Upendra , Hem Das , Indra Rai , Sishir , Proesh , Bibhuti , Nirapada , Abinash , Sudhir , and Harishikesh , they upheld their convictions under Section 121 - A , but their sentences were reduced .
Regarding five others - Sailendra , Krishna Jiban , Biren Sen , Sushil Sen and Indra Nandy - the Chief Justice was for acquittal , but Justice Garnduff was for upholding their convictions under Section 121 - A .
The commital proceedings before the magistrate , Mr Birley , occupied 76 days .
The trial in the Court of Sessions lasted 131 days .
The appeal in the High Court was heard for 47 days .
The two judges disagreed and the reference by a third judge was heard for 20 days .
The mass of documents filed , if counted individually , were over four thousand pages and the material and articles exhibited , i . e . bombs , tools , revolvers , etc . were between three to four hundred . 2 .
The approver , Narendranath Gossain , was murdered in jail ( before he had completed his examination in the magistrate ' s court ) by two of the accused undertrials , both of whom were hanged .
The prosecution consequently lost its evidence at Sessions .
Banerjee , a police officer , was shot before he could be called as a witness and his murderer was never discovered .
The most dramatic event was the murder of Babu Ashutosh Biswas , the public prosecutor , who , one afternoon , was conducting the prosecution during the absence from court of Mr Norton .
He was shot in the back in the immediate vicinity of the Sessions Court by a young man who forfeited his life in return at the gallows . 3 .
Mr Norton was allowed to keep a loaded pistol in his brief throughout the trial . 4 .
In London , Savarkar gathered around him a number of Indian students who procured a book on bomb - making and sent cyclostyled copies of it to India .
This was followed by transportation of Madanlal Dhingra of Savarkar ' s group , for killing Curzon Wyllie with a bomb in London ,
Meanwhile , revolutionaries in India became very active .
In 1910 , Kanhere shot the Collector of Nasik to avenge the transportation of his brother .
From the steamer in which he was being taken , he escaped through a pothole and landed on French soil near Marseilles ; but , he was captured by his guards .
Brought back to India , he was tried by a Special Tribunal on charges of treason .
On the first day of July , 1910 the steamer " S . S . MOREA " , carrying Savarkar to India , started on her historic voyage from London .
There were strong security arrangements on the ship .
" S . S . MOREA " developed some engine trouble and was forced to anchor at Marseilles on the evening of 7th July , 1910 .
The task was not only dangerous but perilous and Savarkar used his uncanny intelligence and ingenuity .
He opened fire on the escaping prisoner .
Pursuers came running after him , shouting , " Catch the thief , " and Savarkar was forcibly grabbed away by them from the French policeman , contrary to rules of International Law .
It was unfortunate that Savarkar ' s colleagues , who were planning his rescue , were late by a few hours .
The news of Savarkar ' s daring but unsuccessful attempt to escape on 8th July , 1910 shook the conscience of the world .
The ship sailed for India and reached Aden where Savarkar was transferred to another steamer , " S S . SASTI " , under heavy security .
The guards huddled him into a tiny cabin , only a space of four feet square , which allowed him to stand only ; not to move or walk .
Handcuffed and guarded , Savarkar braved the circumstances , to reach India , with undaunted spirit .
He The " S . S . SASTI " reached Bombay without any mishap .
On 22nd July , 1910 , the prince of Indian revolutionaries , Savarkar , was received at the Bombay harbour in a befitting manner .
A closed motor van transferred him to a well guarded special train which delivered him to the Nasik police custody .
She grumbled only when he came in the way of her dressing her children in fine clothes .
Nor did she remain unlettered for long .
She soon acquired proficiency not only in her own language but in English and Sanskrit as well .
At her husband ' s persuasion she translated into Bengali an abridged version of the Ramayana from the original Sanskrit .
She also acted on the stage in his play Raja O Rani and gave an excellent interpretation of the role sho was assigned .
No wonder then that she won her husband ' s heart in the end , who gave ample proof of his devotion when she took to bed .
There were no electric fans in those days and contemporary witnesses have left on record their admiration of the husband who was always at trie bedside , his hand - fan moving gently over her .
When she died he spent the whole night on the terrace walking up and down , having given strict orders that no one was to disturb him .
The fact that he was brought to India on an illegal warrant was not a point of consideration for them .
The Special Tribunal passed judgment on a man whose case was subjudice in the International Court of Arbitration at The Hague .
In a country ruled by imperialism , justice also assumes an imperious face and imperils truth .
It is significant to note that not content with the order of transportation for Savarkar , the Indian Government of Lord Sydenham instituted a second case against him .
This time charging him with abetment of the murder of Mr Jackson , the Collector of Nasik .
The very same Special Tribunal was asked to try him .
The show was again enacted .
Mahatma Gandhi and Shankerlal Banker , publisher of young India , were tried and convicted in 1922 under Section 124 - A of the Indian Penal Code for writing four inflammatory articles against the British in " Young India .
This was the first trial of its kind where legality and morality of the Indian non - co - operation movement was involved .
The Hon ' ble Chief Justice , J . M . Shelat , of the Gujarat High Court , described the trial thus :
" Barring the trial of Socrates , there is perhaps no trial in the history of mankind comparable to that of Gandhiji which stimulated so much interest and whose influence on the life of humanity has been so profound .
" The similarity of attitudes adopted by Socrates and Gandhiji towards the Tribunals which tried them is at once manifest , for , each placed truth above law and sought the punishment which the breach of the law warranted . "
The trial of Gandhiji is similar to that of Socrates , because it concerns itself with the conflict between the issue of allegiance to the State on the one hand and on the other , with duty and morality as the person concerned believes in .
The Governor - in - Council on 4th March , 1922 had passed the following order sanctioning prosecution against Gandhiji and his publisher , Shankerlal Ghelabhai Banker . " In pursuance of the provisions of Section 196 of the Criminal Procedure Code , 1898 , the Governor - in - Council hereby authorises Daniel Healy , District Superintendent of Police , Ahmedabad , to lodge a complaint under Section 124 - A of the Indian Penal Code , 1860 , against Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi and Shankerlal Ghelabhai Banker , editor and printer respectively , of the Young India newspaper , printed and published at Ahmedabad in respect of the following articles which appeared in the issues of the said newspaper specified below : S . No .
Articles Date of issue in which it appeared 1 .
Disaffection - a Virtue 15th June , 1921 2 .
Tampering with Loyalty 29th September , 1921 3 .
A Puzzle and its Solution 15th December , 1921 4 .
Shaking the Manes 23rd February , 1922 Mahatma Gandhi and Shankerlal Banker were arrested and produced before Mr L . N . Brown , Additional District Magistrate of Ahmedabad on 11th March , 1922 .
When in the court ( in case No . 1 of 1922 ) , Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi , aged 53 , caste : Hindu Banya , occuption : farmer and weaver , having residence at Ashram Sabarmati and Shankerlal Ghelabhai Banker ; aged 32 , caste : Hindu Banya , occupation : landed proprietor , having residence at Chowpaly , Bombay were brought for trial under Section 124 - A l . P . C . at 11 a . m . , evidence was led by prosecution in support of the charges , before the magistrate , where the accused , Mahatma Gandhi stated :
" My name is Mohandas .
My father ' s name is Karamchand Gandhi .
My age is about 53 years .
I am by caste Hindu Banya .
My occupation is farmer and weaver .
" Q . The evidence has been given in your hearing .
Do you wish to make any remarks about it ?
" And I hereby direct that you be tried by the said court on the said charge .
" I have therefore no alternative but to commit them to the Court of Sessions for trial , the offence appearing too serious for me to dispose of the case myself . "
The case was committed to the Court of Sessions , Ahmedabad on the plea of ' guilty ' under Section 124 - A of the Indian Penal Code .
Gandhiji and Banker were then removed to Sabarmati The trial aroused wide interest and attracted spectators from all over India .
The personality of the accused at the Bar of the court , his profound impact on the world both as a saint and a teacher , the nature of the offence with which he was indicted , the issues involved in the trial , the political situation prevalent in the country and the possible repercussions of his convictions on the future course of events in India , all conspired to make the trial momentous and historic .
The trial began at 12 o ' clock before R . S . Broomfield Esquire , I . C . S . , Sessions Judge .
At five minutes to twelve , the accused were brought in custody in the court .
Nevertheless , the entire court rose in an act of spontaneous homage when Mahatma Gandhi entered - a frail , serene , indomitable figure in a coarse and scanty loin - cloth , accompanied by his devoted disciples and fellow - prisoner , Shankerlal Banker .
" So you are seated near me to give me your support in case I break down he jested with that happy laugh of his , which seems to hold all the undimmed radiance of the world ' s childhood in its depths .
In the same number was another article , dated 28th July , 1921 , in which it was stated that ' we have to destroy the system ' .
Again on 30th September , 1921 another article under ' Punjab Prosecution ' stated that ' a non - co - operator worth his name should preach disaffection ' .
They were earlier in date than the article ' Tampering with Loyalty ' , and it was referred to by the Government of Bombay .
The Advocate General however added that the accused was a man of high educational qualifications and from his writings an acknowledged leader . Thus the harm that was likely to be caused was greater . because the writings were by an educated man and not by some obscure man .
He asked the court to consider the nature of the campaign proposed in the writings and their repercussions which became apparent last November , both in Bombay and Chauri Chaura .
There were murders and destruction of property , inflicting misery and misfortune on many people .
The Advocate General admitted that though non - violence was preached in the articles , what was its use when Gandhi preached disaffection towards the government , or openly instigated others to overthrow it .
The most unhappy man present there was , perhaps , the judge himself .
He restrained his emotions , cleared his voice , gathered his strength and delivered his oral judgment in careful and dignified words .
Few readers would normally suspect that Tagore ' s poems on children so full of innocent delight were written during a period of great dejection and anxiety .
He had not only to nurse the ailing daughter but to look after and entertain the two youngest ones who , in the absence of the mother , clung to him .
For their sake he had to hide his own grief and anxiety and to share their little interests and listen to their prattle .
On the seashore of endless worlds is the great meeting of children . "
In September 1903 , nine months after her mother ' s death , Renuka died , at the age of thirteen .
This precocious , moody and uncommon girl was very dear to the father who felt her loss deeply , though he gave no expression to his grief .
He buried himself in his work and continued to fill the pages of his literary journal , Bangadarshan .
Though the possibility of launching a big conspiracy case against the prominent left - wing leaders was being considered from 1927 , the first concrete reference to it is found in Lord Irwin ' s secret telegram to the Secretary of State for India on 13th September , 1928 .
At the time the Public Safety Bill was making a difficult and painfully slow progress in the Legislative Assembly , to which the Viceroy referred as such :
Arrests On 14th March , the vicerory s Council sanctioned the arrest of thirty - one leftist leaders with the charge of having , " entered into a conspiracy to deprive the King of the . sovereignty of British India , and having thereby committed an offence punishable under Section 121 - A of l . P . C . "
Under Section 196 of Criminal Penal Code , 1898 , Mr M . A . Horton , Officer - on - Special Duty in the Intelligence Bureau , filed a complaint in the court of the District Magistrate at Meerut .
Among the thirty - one accused leftists were , apart from the two British nationals , Spratt and Bradley , well - known Indian communists like P . C . Joshi and S . A . Dange .
On 20th March , 1929 large - scale arrests were carried out simultaneously in half a dozen different towns .
The news of the arrest created a stir in the country .
Dr Dharamvir Singh , stated that he had never been a communist and as a follower of Gandhi was opposed to communist objectives and methods .
S . H . Jhabwalla argued that he was a Tarsi humanitarian ' , while Alve claimed himself to be an ' agriculturist and a labourer ' .
The first phase of the Meerut conspiracy case , the magistrate enquiry , ended on 15th December , 1929 after lasting for about seven months .
On 13th January , 1930 , thirty - one out of the thirty - two accused were committed to trial by Mr Milner White .
All the prisoners except Dr Dharamvir Singh were committed to be tried by the court of Special Sessions , Merrut .
M . N . Roy , who was not arrested at that time , was tried separately .
The first application in this respect was made to the Chief Justice in Allahabad on 16th July , 1929 .
He rejected it saying that the trial was being conducted under conditions " most normal in this country " , that he did not believe there was any inconvenience and that " everybody will settle down comfortably at Meerut . "
The final application for transfer was moved on 24th January , 1930 by Sir Tej Bahadur Sapru .
He appealed to the Chief Justice of Allahabad High Court , on behalf of the thirty - one accused that their case should be transferred to Allahabad High Court and their trial be held before a jury .
On 27th January , 1930 the Chief Justice dismissed the application and ordered the case to proceed in the Meerut Sessions Court .
In doing so he observed that a jury might not take a judicial view .
He further stated that he was not " in favour of a jury trial since a jury would be asked to follow and to understand a very large number of documents . . . a super - human task to ask any member of the jury .
Consequently , " he concluded , " the only man who could give a fair and just decision on a matter of this kind was a single judge . "
The second phase of the conspiracy case , the formal trial , began before R . L . Yorke and five Indian assessors in the court of Special Sessions at Meerut on 31st January , 1930 .
The prosecution rested its case on 17th March , 1931 after examining 281 witnesses and producing 2,600 documents .
This was followed by the rendering of the formal statements of the prisoners and the presentation of the official defence of the accused .
The trial reached its closing phase on 16th June , 1932 when the special prosecutor for the Crown , Mr M . L . Kemp , delivered a long closing statement , lasting almost two months .
Conclusion The Meerut trial was from the very beginning a political case .
As the trial proceeded , it assumed a propagandist character on both sides .
This trend was set in motion by the chief prosecution counsel , Mr Langford James , who vehemently attacked communism , national and international , in the choicest phraseology , characterising the communists as enemies of civilised life .
The defendants in their turn seized the opportunity to make political speeches and propaganda statements from the court .
Most of the accused , particularly the communists , had decided to make such statements as would help publicise the ideology and the programme of the Communist Party .
To this end each of the accused delivered an individual statement of defence followed by joint statement .
" The Meerut trial belongs to the class of cases of which the Mooney trial and Sacco Vanzetli trial in America , the Dreyfus trial in France , the Reichtag Fire trial in Germany are the supreme instances . "
A mammoth procession led by Lala Lajpat Rai greeted it with black flags and was lathi - charged by the police .
Bhagat Singh , Rajguru and Azad decided to kill Mr Scott as he was suspected to be responsible for ' the lathi ' blows on Lajpat Rai .
Taking him for Scott , they shot dead Assistant Superintendent of Police , Mr J . P . Saunders , on 17th December , 1928 .
On 8th April , 1929 Bhagat Singh and his accomplice B . K . Dutt threw a bomb when the Central Assembly was in session , and later offered themselves for arrest shouting 1n - cjuilab Zindabad ' ( Long Live the Revolution ) .
Innumerable songs grew about him and the popularity that the man achieved , was something amazing . "
Bhagat Singh ' s throwing of a bomb in the Central Assembly and his revolutionary activities aroused equally powerful feelings against the British rule as much as those aroused by the non - resistance movement and the peaceful satyagraha .
It was not a difficult task for Bhagat Singh and B . K . Dutt to dodge the usual vigil of the police after throwing the bombs in the Central Hall of the Assembly . But , a decision not to run away had already been taken .
Both dauntless heroes stood like a rock at their places to court arrest .
After raising revolutionary slogans and throwing leaflets in the Central Hall , both the accused courted arrest at the hands of the police .
This gesture , which proved ' suicidal ' for them in course of time , had a deep hidden meaning - message for the nation and the world , an expression of deep resentment and dissatisfaction against the existing repression by the Raj .
Both were kept in solitary confinement and under strict security .
The British Government not wanting to take any chance , sent the summons to the accused in jail .
On the day of hearing elaborate security arrangements were made .
The newspaper , The Hindustan Times , reported :
" Police constables with lathis were lined from the magistrate ' s residence on the Rajpur Road to the jail and all other roads leading to the jail .
C . I . D . men in plain clothes were seen cycling on the roads as well as watching all important crossings .
I find that by doing so , he did cause hurt to Sir George Sanchuster , Mr R . P . Rao and Mr Shankar Rao .
These facts constitute an offence punishable under Section 308 of I . P . C . with transportation for life or with lesser punishment .
" The same acts include the causing of explosion of a nature likely to endanger life , unlawfully and maliciously , which constitute an offence punishable under Section 3 of the Explosive Substances Act , 1908 .
" I find it proved that Dutt threw the second bomb with similar intention and that by doing so he caused hurt to Mr S . N . Roy and Rai Bahadur A . P . Dube .
" 1 find both the accused guilty of both the offences with which they are charged and convict them accordingly . "
" The acts of each accused constitute offences punishable under two different provisions of law .
One offence is included in the other , under the provisions of Section 71 of the Indian Penal Code : the punishment , which may be inflicted , is not to be more severe than could be awarded for any one of such offences .
That decision was , thus , communicated to the Central Government by the government of Punjab through a telegram :
" Bhagat Singh , Rajguru and Sukhdev will be executed at 7 on the evening of March , 23rd .
The news will be made known in Lahore on the early morning of March , 24 . "
They were duly hanged by neck in the dark of the night and an announcement was made :
" The public are hereby informed that the dead bodies of Bhagat Singh , Rajguru and Sukhdev , who were hanged yesterday evening ( March , 23rd ) were taken out of the jail to the bank of the Sutlej where they were cremated according to Sikh and Hindu rites and their remains were also thrown into the river . "
This happened when the Labour Government was in power in Great Britain .
The Daily Worker of New York commented :
" The three Lahore prisoners , Bhagat Singh , Rajguru and Sukhdev , fighters for the independence of India , have been executed by the British Labour Government in the interest of British imperialism .
This is one of the bloodiest deeds ever undertaken by the British Labour Government , under the leadership of R . MacDonald .
The execution of the three Indian revolutionaries on the deliberate political frame - up on the orders of the Labour Government shows the length to which the MacDonald regime will go to save British imperialism . "
In the year 1915 , he left India and visited Indonesia , Malaysia , China , Japan and the USA before reaching Berlin in 1916 .
He was in the USA from 1916 to 1917 .
He became a member of the Mexican Socialist Party - the first communist party outside Russia .
He went to Spain , Berlin and Moscow and met Lenin in 1920 .
He was an active member of the Second Congress of Communist International Conference and was a member of the Marxist bureau .
He was an intellectual , a prolific writer and wrote several books on Marxism , revolution , Renaissance , science , history , etc . from 1927 onwards .
In 1930 he returned to India and was arrested in 1931 .
He was sentenced to 12 years ' imprisonment in 1932 which was later reduced to 6 years by the Appeal Court .
He spent 5 years in British jails .
Kanpur had been selected originally as venue of the trial to avoid jury trial and demonstrations .
He was first produced before the magistrate who committed him to stand trial before the Sessions .
The charge - sheet was prepared by Lieutenant - Colonel Cecil Kaye who was head of the anti - Bolshevik bureau in the British Intelligence Service , The case started with Mr Rose - Alston , chief counsel for the prosecution , reading the charges to the court .
The charges framed were as follows :
organisation , known as the Communist International ; that a section of the said organisation , acting
side British India , communicated with each other and with others and entered into a conspiracy to establish the said branch organisation throughout British India with the aforesaid object , that is to say , to deprive the King Emperor of the sover -
He said , " The immediate and potential dangers of the communist movement in India even as an isolated factor are sufficiently obvious .
On the one hand , there have been communications with the representatives of the old Bengal revolutionaries , many of whom are personal friends of M . N . Roy and who , since the failure of the non - co - operation movement , have been moving towards resumption of their former activities .
Between these two groups , Roy ' s communists occupy a dangerously convenient yet tactical position . "
In May 1924 , the Session Judge at Kanpur had sentenced four of the accused - Dange , Usmani , N . B , Das Gupta and Muzaffar Ahmad - to four years ' rigorous imprisonment while charges against Roy were kept pending .
Roy could not be arrested at that time but he was in constant touch .
At the Kanpur trial , he wanted the communists to utilise the court - room proceedings to propagate the main tenets of communism and spell out the immediate programme of the Indian communist movement , so that it should gain wide publicity .
But the accused , unfortunately on the advice of their lawyers , took a narrow legalistic stand and missed this grand opportunity ( a mistake that was amply rectified during the Meerut trial ) .
M . N . Roy was very disappointed and in a letter to a friend in India , in November 1924 , wrote :
" Poor fellows , if they could only have put up a better defence , four years in jail would have been worthwhile . "
The learned judge of the High Court discussed the evidence upon which the conviction was based and which was almost entirely documentary .
The evidence consisted of :
a ) letters form M . N . Roy and his associates in India and letters from them to him .
These were original letters which were intercepted and retained or found in possession of M . N . Roy and associates when they were arrested ;
The judge said :
" Various technical legal objections were taken by the learned counsel , Dr K . N . Katju , in the appeal .
It was argued that the Sessions Court in Kanpur had no jurisdiction to try Roy , that he was not legally committed as no proper and legal regular charges under Section 121 - A of the Penal Code were framed and he was convicted upon the evidence which was irrelevant and incompetent . "
The learned judge , after fully considering the submissions , held :
I joined it because I wanted freedom for my motherland and was - ready to shed my blood for it .
I took part in this fight as a member of the regularly organised fighting forces of independent Provisional Government of Free India , which fought according to the rules of civilised warfare for the liberation of my motherland from foreign rule .
I claim that in doing so I committed no offence . On the other hand , I have served my country to the best of my ability . "
Lt . G . S . Dhillon too challenged the authority of the court to try him .
He also narrated how he came to join the I . N . A . and said , " Whatever I did , as the member of a regularly organised force fighting under the Provisional Government of Free India and am , therefore , not liable to be charged with or tried under the Indian Army Act or the criminal law of India for any offence on account of any act done by me in the discharge of my duties as a member of such force .
I am further advised that in point of law my trial by court martial is illegal . "
Though there were 16 advocates in the court , including Pandit Jawahar Lal Nehru , the defence was led by Bhulabhai J . Desai , whose brilliance in cross - examination was revealed when he submitted : " The proposition is this that in view of the fact that a state of war existed between the Provisional " Government of Azad Hind and the British , and acts done in prosecution of that war had not " In International Law it is permissible for those who are subject to a foreign authority to organise themselves and having an organised army to fight for liberation , whether it is successful or not .
During the process , while the war is being carried on , there is immunity so far as individual members of the organised army are concerned , for all acts done in due prosecution of war on a civilised basis ( other than war crimes like those which are the subject of trial now in different parts of the world ) .
That being so , my submission is that the accused men before you are entitled to be declared innocent , in that there is no civil or criminal responsibility for those acts .
As such , an army and individual members of such an army so organised were not answerable before any municipal court - for what was done in due prosecution of that war for liberation of their country .
The prosecutor had tendered a considerable body of evidence to prove the formation of the Provisional Government of Free India , the raising of armed forces by it , and the putting of those armed forces in the field against the British .
These soldiers , therefore , though normally said to be fighting against the King were really fighting to liberate their own country .
Bhulabhai Desai brilliantly analysed the evidence led by the prosecution regarding each case of alleged murder and torture .
He forcefully submitted that the evidence was totally irrelevant for the purpose of the case for the reasons that the grounds on which that evidence was attempted to be led was entirely non - existent .
He further submitted that the evidence with reference to the alleged charges of murder would be covered by his first submission that they were part of the prosecution by the army ; that those people were sentenced by court martial to be shot under proper law .
He further submitted that there was an organised government , that there were a large number of Indians in the Far East owing allegiance to this government , which was recognised as a government having been ceded to its territories .
It was by this government that war was declared and the Indian National Army fought the war .
It must be said that the trial was conducted with fairness which proved a fitting finale to the British Raj . It also proved the fairness of British justice . It was held at a place convenient for all .
The Red Fort was not only convenient for the British Raj as it was the army headquarters , it was equally convenient for every politician and lawyer in India .
The trial was conducted when opinion in India was very much against it .
So much so , that Sir George Cunningham , the Governer of North - West Frontier Province , went out of his way to write to the Viceroy , Lord Wayell advising him that the Commander - in - Chief should at once announce that as Indian opinion is opposed to the trial of these persons no further proceedings should be taken .
The trial did much good in further arousing national consciousness among Indians but did a lot of harm to the cause of the British Empire .
An explosive situation was saved by the Commander - in - Chief when he commuted the sentence of the three officers .
Had the sentence passed by the court been carried out against strong public opinion , it would have created chaos in the country at that time .
Shri M . C . Setalvad , India ' s foremost jurist , in his introduction to the I . N . A . trial , summed up the defects and effects of the trial and also the forensic ability of Shri Bhulabhai Desai in the following words :
It was the occasion of a debate on far - reaching and , in some respects , altogether novel propositions of International Law , a subject of lasting interest to lawyers and those interested in law .
To the ordinary citizen it was the fascinating and inspiring story of a heroic effort - the most famous in Indian history of a great Indian patriot , supported by thousands of his countrymen , to liberate their country .
We declare to the world that this sale deed confers no privileges equivalent to those claimed by States governed by treaty rights .
We wish to declare that no sale deed however sacrosanct can condemn more than four million men and women to servitude of an autocrat when the will to live under this rule is no longer there .
The people of Kashmir are determined to mould their own destiny and we appeal to Mission to recognise justice and strength of our cause . "
This telegram was ignored and when in 1946 , it became clear that the British Government was handing over the reigns of administration in British provinces to the Indian National Congress without doing anything about the princely States , Sheikh Abdullah intensified the freedom campaign in Kashmir .
He made powerful political speeches , the theme of which was that the Amritsar Treaty was not binding on the people of Kashmir because it was a treaty of servitude .
Like Mahatma Gandhi , he too gave a call for ' Quit Kashmir ' .
He made several such speeches during May , 1946 in this connection which alarmed Maharaja Hari Singh .
The people of Kashmir soon rose in support of the Sheikh in his move against misrule and exploitation of the people by the Maharaja and his Prime Minister .
In a letter dated 18th June , 1946 Maharaja Hari Singh wrote thus to ' a senior British official in Delhi :
Now every person is entitled to freedom .
" This deed of sale has ruined our people .
You should say ' Quit Kashmir ' .
Revoke the deed of sale .
We wish to tell the British that Maharaja Hari Singh has no right to rule over this country .
One wholesaler purchased and passed us on to retailers . ( 10th May , 1946 ) .
It is your duty to invite everybody and declare that we have to win independence from the Dogra Shahi even at the cost of our lives , wealth and health .
There would be no better time to put an end to the Dogra Shahi . " b ) That on the 14th May , 1946 in connection with his previous speeches , he made a speech in which the following passages occur : " Till now efforts have been made by diverse means to suppress my voice .
I told Maharaja Hari Singh with utmost respect that it would have been better for you to improve the condition of the poor rather than waste crores of rupees on your own luxuries .
After a hundred years of misrule , we say that we have never accepted nor will accept this rule .
For this right , we will have to make supreme sacrifice .
After a hundred years , we will not remain slaves of the Dogra Shahi even for one day .
" Make preparation , you are the harbinger of the voice thereby breaking the shackles of slavery .
( Fitzgerald J . in ( 1868 ) 11 Cox . C . C . 54 at page 55 ) .
Asaf Ali said that to raise voice against oppression and demand the fundamental right to live did not amount to sedition .
About the nature of the Treaty of Amritsar , he said : " I tried to make it perfectly clear that in the text of that speech it is amply clear that a certain historical controversy had been started by Mr Potedar , and the extensive reference to the Treaty of Amritsar , its origin , and the consequences which flowed from it , were really nothing more than a mere reply to Mr Fotedar ' s contention .
As occasion had arisen for a speech like that because this controversy had been raised , otherwise I am perfectly certain that the historical details prior to the conclusion of the Treaty of Amritsar may not have been considered at such great length by the speaker . "
It is more so when you are translating a speech when it is being delivered by a On the capability of the translatators , he said : " Now , Sir , you have also to consider the education and experience of these C . I . D . reporters .
One is not even a graduate , though the other is .
Whatever may be their capacity for reporting , it is impossible for them to reproduce the effect of the original .
It is very doubtful whether the words and sentences reported by these reporters , for which the subject matter of the present charge and the words and sentences uttered by the speaker , have been mutilated and misquoted . "
Justifying what the Sheikh said , Asaf Ali submitted : " The accused pointed out the misery and poverty of the people more or less in the same manner and spirit as did His Highness in the above statement .
And he was quite correct in saying that the people of the State were slaves of slaves .
There is nothing wrong or seditious about it .
" Obviously the speaker meant that while the mass of the population was seeped in poverty , the administration was not doing all it could do for the people , "
Asaf Ali warned the court of the consequences that would follow if leaders like Sheikh were convicted under such law .
He said , " In conclusion , I must request you to bear in mind what I am about to say with all the sense of responsibility and gravity of which I am capable .
Every time you deal with them under the Section , instead of remedying the evil you increase its dimensions , because the conviction of such popular leaders leads to movements which have very far - reaching repercussions .
After the arrest of the Congress Working Committee members in 1942 , everywhere you saw ' Quit India ' inscribed in the unlikeliest places in public places , on public buildings , ' in trains , in press - rooms , and even in barracks and schools .
In reply to the speech of the Assistant Advocate General , Asaf Ali said : " The learned Assistant Advocate General appeared to have a very queer notion of democracy and full responsible government and the length to which he went in trying to ridicule both , and also the light - hearted manner in which he tried to prove that responsible government is no better than autocracy , proved that he was wholly innocent of even the rudimentary conception of the constitutional theory of democracy .
He even went to the length of saying that in a democratic government only a few persons whose lust for power is not satisfied desire to exploit the democratic electoral system , and he saw no logic in asserting that the majority is wiser than the minority .
It would not be worth my while to read to the Assistant Advocate General a lesson in constitutional law and to prove to him that the logic of the inherent sanction of the majority is irrefutable and the fear of a revolutionary upheaval against the rule of a minority , whether consisting of many or of one , is the basis of democracy and of a secure and stable government . "
The Assistant Advocate General had justified the purchase of Kashmir under the Treaty of Amritsar by quoting instances to which Asaf AH replied : " The Assistant Advocate General then passed on to a disquisition on what he imagined were principles of the International Law of today and inspite of the court ' s hints intended to restrain him , he took nearly an hour or longer reading from Historian ' s History of World and Hall ' s International Law .
" He further claimed that the right of conquest did not admit of the recognition of the wishes of the people of the conquered territory and so on .
By doing all this he was justifying both the sale deed of Kashmir , otherwise known as the Treaty of Amritsar , as he was also claiming that of the ruling by conquest .
All this was intended to prove that the people had no right to demand or claim responsible government on the basis of the inherent right of the people ' s sovereignty .
I was delighted , for the whole of my case was that the speaker had complained against the treatment of the people of Kashmir as bought slaves ' and had maintained that this hurt the human dignity and self - respect of the four million people of Kashmir , and , therefore , the relations between the ruler and the ruled should rest not on such claims and titles , but on the goodwill and the affection of the people . "
However , the Sheikh ' s profound statement and Asaf Ali ' s incisive speech made no impact on the court which , as predetermined , convicted Sheikh Abdullah .
A recent survey indicates that the number of two - wheelers in our country is expected to touch the 50 - million mark by A . D . 2000 .
The menace of air pollution attributed to the automobile exhausts has now reached the peak level and if this trend continues , we may have to wear nasal filters on our noses in future .
Automobiles are a still greater source of pollution in other parts of the world .
They account for 60 per cent of the air pollution , with carbon monoxide levels in Mexico City exceeding those in Los Angeles on the west coast of USA .
Similarly Sydney in Australia , long believed to be the last outpost of a clean environment , is reported to be plagued with a higher percentage of automobile emissions than any city in the USA .
This contains paper , packing materials , polythene bags , used sachets , plastic bottles , metal containers , cookery wastes , putrid vegetables , glass pieces , etc .
Dust from Quarries Construction of dwelling houses and setting up of industries have increased manifold during the last two decades .
To cater to the demand for stones and cement to be used in these buildings , newer types of machineries are put into use .
Effects on Materials Air pollutants like sulphur dioxide , smoke , grit and dust cause damage to property and materials .
Sulphur dioxide is the most damaging of all gaseous pollutants .
In the presence of moisture it gets converted into sulphuric acid which is very corrosive , particularly for building structures , because it reacts easily with limestone .
It forms calcium sulphate , leading to a slow loss of limestone and unsightly blistering of the rain - washed areas .
Hydrogen sulphide is known to react with lead paint used in buildings , causing formation of lead sulphide which produces a brown to black discolouration in buildings .
Global Effects Unlike other types of pollution , air pollution impinges on the climate too .
Day by day the earth becomes more warmer . The globe is now 0.6C warmer than it was during the pre - industrial era and the rate may escalate further by Is the greenhouse effect so serious ?
Yes it is .
The pH is an index of hydrogen ion concentration of the liquid .
In this scale , a low pH means high concentration of the hydrogen ion and high acidity .
Pure water has a pH of 7 , and this is neutral pH .
Water with a pH less than 7 tends to be acidic while water of pH above 7 is alkaline .
Rain - water usually has a pH lower than 7 ( pH 5.7 , mild acid ) due to the dissolved carbon dioxide in it ; this amount of acidity is not corrosive .
The pH range of acid rain - water is between 2 - 5 .
This low pH means high acidity , and subsequently , high corrosivity .
Thus water with pH 4 is more corrosive ( 10 times ) than water with pH 5 .
Water of pH 3 is still more corrosive ( 100 times ) than water having a pH 5 .
If this is the case then one can imagine the corrosive nature of acid rain with a pH ranging between . 2 and 3 .
For instance , relations between West Germany and Sweden are sour because nearly 20 per cent of Sweden ' s lakes are affected by acid rain due to the emission of acidic gases from Germany ' s Ruhr industrial area .
In fact , Swedish school children launched a postcard campaign against West Germany in protest against such emissions .
Relations between England and its neighbour are no better either , with Scandinavia blaming England of being responsible for acid deposition in their country .
Dispute over acid rain has led to strained relations between the USA and Canada .
Nearly half of the sulphur deposits in Canada come from the USA and about 20 per cent of the deposits in north - east USA originate in Canada .
The direct relation of acid rain to human health has not yet been thoroughly established .
However , it is believed that inhalation of high levels of sulphur dioxide over extended periods may lead to respiratory diseases such as emphysema , asthma and bronchitis .
India is not seriously threatened by this scourge as we have coal reserves with low sulphur content , ranging from 0.5 - 0.7 per cent .
The main constituent of acid wastes is sulphuric acid .
In addition , nitric acid , hydrochloric acid and phosphoric acid are also present .
These acids cause damage to metals or concrete structures , pumps , etc . due to their corrosive action .
Moreover , hydrogen sulphide gas is produced when the acids come into contact with the sludge and the mud of the rivers .
Acidic pollutants also destroy micro - organisms inhibiting ( PREVIOUS ) ( NEXT ) the self - purification process of the rivers .
Fish and other aquatic animals are adversely affected with the sudden change in the pH .
Acids are reported to be lethal to fish and other forms of aquatic life .
Alkalis : Presence of alkalis alters the pH value in rivers resulting in the break off of the natural buffer system .
Like acids , alkalis too destroy bacterial and other micro - organisms so as to restrict the self - purification of the stream .
Fish and other aquatic life are also affected by the sudden rise in pH . Presence of strong alkalis can cause asphyxiation by coagulating the gill secretions in fish .
If he continued to experimenthe never ceased to experimentit was not because he had not found his form but because there is no end to this discovery .
In winter , as he put it , " lyrical fervour is apt to grow cold , and one gets the leisure to write drama . "
The breath of spring blows through every line of it , it throbs with the ecstasy of sensuous delight .
Indeed , the theme is the enchantment of spring and the power of its spell on the senses .
Spring is itself one of the characters in this play , which is one of Rabindranath ' s most beautiful plays .
almost flawless as a work of art , and in a class by itself .
Written in blank verse , it was his last great experiment in that form .
The simple and bald episode , as recorded in the Mahabharata , was transformed by Rabindranath into a drama tense and vibrant with lyrical rapture and full of deep psychological insight .
Princess Chitra who had been brought up as a boy and trained in the rough art of the battle - field was plain and rugged to look at and knew " no feminine wiles for winning hearts . "
The cattle drank water from the nearby stream and developed diarrhoea and within a few days suffered paralytic strokes , followed by death .
It was found that the stream was polluted with lead compounds which led to lead poisoning .
The hexavalent form is reported to be toxic for human beings and aquatic life .
Copper sulphate and copper compounds are being used extensively in treatment of reservoir water to control the growth of algae and diatoms .
Copper is extremely poisonous and its effects need no explanation .
The metals described above are toxic to fish and other aquatic life .
Heavy metal ions precipitate the mucous secretions of their gills .
These precipitates occupy the interlamellar space obstructing the movement of gill filaments and respiration .
Thousands of acres of fertile land have acquired salinity and become unfit for agriculture .
The ground - water table over many square kilometres has been so seriously affected that water from the wells in these areas has turned bitter .
It is an irony that these waters have become unsuitable even for tanning , and hence are transported in lorries from far - off places by the tanners .
The problem of ground - water pollution is so serious in Andhra Pradesh that water from the open wells and bore wells in the Hussainsagar area ( Hyderabad ) , especially at Domalguda , Ashok Nagar and Himayat Nagar emanate a pungent odour .
The percentage of dissolved solids is also high , rendering the water unfit for drinking .
The reason for such deterioration in quality is attributed to the industrial discharges in these areas .
Lung and skin diseases are prevalent among the villagers , and all due to polluted ground - water .
A different type of ground - water pollutionintrusion of sea - waterdue to over - pumping is a common phenomenon in coastal areas of our country .
Excess withdrawal of ground - water through heavy duty pumps has resulted in the flooding of sea - water through the cavities .
For instance , in our country distilleries are engaged in setting up bio - gas plants which are fed by their effluents .
This results in a substantial reduction in fuel costs and decrease in the strength of the effluent .
Conversion of Sludge into Useful Products : The sludge obtained on treatment of effluents is also a problem .
The sludge from pulp and paper industry may be used for the manufacture of boards used in packing or in preparation of artificial wooden panels .
The sludge from the electroplating industry may be used in the formulation of water - proofing compounds .
Reclamation and Reuse of Waste Water : At present recovery of chemicals and metals is practised in most industries .
These can be utilised either for irrigation or as fertilisers after proper treatment , without affecting land and / or ground - water .
Wastes from nuclear power plants do not give off offensive odour nor do they release any obnoxious gases .
The cause of the problem is that nuclear waste becomes harmless only after millions of years .
The plutonium produced during power generation ( 200 kg per year per reactor ) is sufficient to cause cancer in every human being .
Abnormal births , mutations , sterility , severe skin burns and lowering of body resistance against disease are other serious effects .
Constant exposure to radiation causes genetic defects and can affect the generations to come .
Radio - tracers are extensively used in the fields of medicine , industry , agriculture and biology to determine the course of chemical and biochemical reactions .
Substances administered to patients and used in radiation therapy are now proving important sources of nuclear harm .
It can cause mental anguish too . .
Our community functions and ceremonies like marriages , festivals , etc . are noisy events .
Dr Kameswaran describes life for man in the following words : " He wakes up to noise from transistors and TV , works in a noisy industry , goes to his workplace through noisy streets lined with loudspeakers and returns to a noisy home .
If he goes to the cinema for relaxation , there too the noise levels are too high . "
Effects of Noise Pollution A survey was conducted in various towns and cities of India to check the sound levels .
It revealed that noise during daytime in Delhi , Bombay , Calcutta and Madras ranges between 60 - 90 dB ( decibels ) .
Acute damage occurs to the eardrum when exposed to very loud and sudden noises .
A more serious consequence of noise pollution is the chronic damage to the hair cells in the - inner ear .
Prolonged exposure to noise of certain frequency pattern leads to temporary or permanent hearing loss .
Acoustic zones should be created to prevent propagation of noise through air or solids .
Trees may be planted in and around the factory to attenuate noise .
The sides of the roads or highways could be lined with trees , which act as a buffer and reduce the noise level .
Noise at community level can be curbed by imposing a ban on blaring loudspeakers and by reducing their pitch .
This is particularly necessary near hospitals and schools .
Sound can be beautiful , like that of music , singing and laughter , so long it is within our own hearing range and not forcibly imposed upon our neighbours too .
It has been proved that constant loud noise can impair hearing ability and cause problems connected with nervous disorders .
In October 1912 , Rabindranath sailed for the United States , accompanied by his son and daughter - in - law .
The son who had earlier graduated from the University of Illinois persuaded the father ' to spend some quiet months at Urbana where Tagore wrote his first original serious prose in English , later delivered as Lectures at the Harvard University and published as Sadhana .
In these lectures he interpreted , in his own fashion , " the ancient spirit of India , " as revealed in the utterance and example of her sages .
The Times Literary Supplement wrote : " And in reading these poems one feels , not that they are the curiosities of an alien mind , but that they are prophetic of the poetry that might be written in England if our poets could attain to the same harmony of emotion and idea .
Some perhaps will refuse to fall under the spell of this Indian poet because this philosophy is not theirs .
If it seems to us fantastic and alien , before we despise it we should ask ourselves the question : What is our philosophy ?
A recent survey indicates that much of the Himalayas , the Western Ghats , and the Shivalik ranges are now devoid of forest cover .
A satellite imagery reveals that the forest cover is being lost at the rate of 130 million sq m a year .
A report indicates that within a period of 10 years , from 1972 to 1982 , the forest cover in Punjab has declined from 1,200 sq km to 490 sq km .
The rate of depletion in Haryana is no less .
Most mountains in the Himalayas have been denuded and womenfolk have to walk daily for several kilometres to collect fuel .
People feel that forests are their open treasure - houses for them to use as they feel like .
They cut trees to collect firewood , to graze its cattle and to take whatever they fancy from the forest . Our firewood requirement per annum is about 330 million m .
Secondly , the greed of our forest contractors is compounding the problem .
At the international conference on human environment at Stockholm in 1972 , the late Prime Minister Indira Gandhi said , " Development is one of the primary means of improving the environment for the living or providing food , water , sanitation and shelter , of making the deserts green and the mountains habitable . "
While pollution cannot be curbed completely , the levels of pollution can be minimised by adopting remedies that are simple and low cost .
For example , deforestation must be followed by afforestation .
One tree should be planted for each tree axed .
The Visakhapatnam steel plant in Andhra Pradesh has planted over two million trees in its complex .
They have also coined a slogan : ' A tree for each tonne of liquid steel produced . '
The Hindustan Zinc Ltd . , the leading manufacturers of zinc and lead , say , " We do n ' t just enjoy the environment ; we protect it too , " and to prove it they have planted thousands of trees in their premises and surrounding villages .
The Indian Oil Corporation Ltd . have developed green belts around their refinery units and during the year 1991 , they planted more than a lakh trees .
Reuse of waste water plays a crucial role in abating pollution .
We are very restless in thought , but we have none that poets can express . "
Indeed , critics were not wanting who refused " to fall under the spell of this Indian poet . "
The reaction among Tagore ' s own countrymen was no less mixed .
Basanta Kumar Roy , who was then living in the United States and who later published Tagore ' s biography in that country , tells us that several young Bengalis in the United States were furious when they read the following statement by an English missionary published in an English review : " For many centuries no such poet and musician has appeared in India . "
One of them " shouted in true American fashion , Dn it . "
Others cited many other Bengali poets , among them Nabin Sen and D . L . Roy , as much greater than Tagore .
" His love lyrics , " they went on to say , " are poor imitations of the poems of our Vaishnava poets of old , and his philosophy is the philosophy of the Upanishads .
At any rate Tagore ' s name was now sufficiently bandied about in the English papers for his reputation to have crossed the Atlantic .
Perhaps the first journal in the West to publish his poems .
This was followed by an invitation from the Chicago Universityfor a lecture .
It was while Tagore was still in Urbana that Basanta Kumar Roy came to visit him to persuade him to translate more of his work into English , for he felt certain that when his writings became known , " You will sooner or later win the Nobel Prize for Poetry .
Naively Tagore inquired , " Are the Asiatics eligible for the Prize ? "
" The awarding of the Nobel Prize for Literature , " wrote an American paper , " to a Hindu has occasioned much chagrin and no little surprise among writers of the Caucasian race .
They cannot understand why this distinction was bestowed upon one who is not white . "
The Globe of Toronto , Canada , wrote : " It is the first time that the Nobel Prize has gone to any one who is not what we call ' white ' .
The Times , Los Angeles , complained that young modern writers in Europe and America had been discouraged by the award of the Prize " to a Hindu poet whose name few people can pronounce , with whose work fewer in America are familiar , and whose claim for that high distinction still fewer will recognise . "
In January 1913 Rabindranath came to Chicago where he lectured on the " Ideals of the Ancient Civilisation of India " and on " The Problem of Evil " .
After visiting New York Tagore returned to London in April 1913 where also he delivered a course of lectures at the Caxton Hall .
When he had arrived in London less than a year earlier , he was an unknown stranger .
Now he had become a sensation and a curiosity .
None of these books can be considered particularly pious or religious or philosophical and might have been expected to give the foreign reader a better perspective to his work .
Tagore was the first to impress vividly on the intellectual consciousness of the West the factnow amply demonstrated that the " mind " of Asia was lying and would have to be reckoned with as a vital entity and not merely as an interesting specimen in a museum .
Here , surely , is the person we have been longing for one sent before the chariot of the Lord to make His path straight And when we remember that this poet ' s every word is eagerly caught up by waiting millions , may we not venture to assert that the new , the Christian India , is already at the door ? "
It needed the courage and clarity of mind of a Dean Inge to remind his co - religionists that " Tagore is not a Christian ; but his attitude reminds us that there was a time when Christianity was an Asiatic creedit was the time of the original Gospel .
Then there were , as always , the usual clever people who believe they can see through everything .
Some of them saw in the award the ingenious British hand trying to boost the glory of the Empire ; others fancied that the Swedish literary circles , being pro - German , had deliberately tried to embarrass the British ruling classes .
There is no end to human cleverness .
The first formal proposal was made by the English poet , Sturge Moorej in a letter brief and bald enough to be worth quoting .
Shelley , in spite of his vague idealism , roused our minds because of his fanatic impetuosity which is born of a faith in life .
We cannot but miss a great deal of the purely artistic element of your literature but whatever is broadly human and deeply true can be safely shipped for distant times and remote countries .
We look for your literature to bring , us the thundering life flood of the west , even though it carries with it all the debris of the passing moments . "
Though Choudhury ( whose pen - name was Birbal , after the witty courtier of Emperor Akbar ) was a brilliant writer himself , the main burden of maintaining the prestige and popularity of the journal fell upon Tagore ' s shoulders .
As though he needed this incentive , he responded to the pressure with an abundance of literary output as remarkable for its quality as for its varietypoems , short stories , essays and novels .
The stories he wrote at this period do not have the freshness and charm which mark the stories he wrote in the nineties when he lived in his boat on the Padma and watched the changing landscape of nature and life on its banks with gentle and detached affection and ironic sympathy .
The next morning she laid aside her man ' s garment and decked in feminine finery sought Arjuna out in the forest and tried to woo him .
But Arjuna repulsed her advances and said that he was under an oath of celibacy and could not touch a woman .
Humiliated and wounded in the core of her being , Chitra broke her bow into two and invoked by her penance Madana , the god of love .
Madana appeared before her with his boon companion , Vasanta , god of spring and eternal youth , The Princess begged , " For a single day make me superbly beautiful , as beautiful as was the sudden awakening of love in my heart .
Give me but one day of perfect beauty , and I will answer for the days that follow . "
While she was washing her limbs and playing with water on the edge of a forest pool , Arjuna saw her and was swept off his feet .
Forgetting his vow of celibacy he wooed her .
For some months the lovers lived in the bliss of love ' s abandon .
Their idealism was not with out a hard core of realism and a sense of humour .
The memory of the experiment survives in the observance of 10 March every year as Gandhi Day ( Gandhi Punyaha ) when all the paid servants are given a holiday and the teachers and pupils do all the cooking themselves and give an annual spring - cleaning to the asrama .
A typical example of recurrent symbolism in Indian tradition .
Gandhi ' s reformist zeal did not spare the poet ' s personal diet either .
Watching him eat luchis one evening at dinner , Gandhi remarked that white - flour pancake fried in ghee which the poet was eating with obvious relish was poison .
Rabindranath smiled and said softly , " It must be a very slow poison , for I ' ve been eating it for about half a century now . "
Gandhi and Tagore the saint who strove to make politics holy and the poet who made holiness seem beautiful .
Gandhi ' s practice was always in advance of his ideology ; Tagore had wings to his thoughts and feet to his practice .
However firm and unfaltering the feet , they could not keep pace with the wings .
Gandhi , the stern ascetic , was more humane than the humanist ; a kill - joy in theory he brought comfort to millions of human hearts .
Jagmohan ' s God - denying humanism is contrasted in the first chapter with his brother ' s God - believing meanness and cupidity .
Sachish , revolted by his father ' s sickening orthodoxy , is a follower of his uncle ' s way of life .
He comes across a young girl , an orphan , who had been seduced by his own elder brother and thrown on the streets .
He takes the girl , now pregnant , to his uncle ' s house who gives her shelter and treats her as his daughter .
To safeguard her future Sachish offers to marry her .
But the girl , though she is grateful to her benefactors , is really in love with her seducer and prefers to commit suicide to the shame of marrying anyone else .
This incident comes as a shock to Sachrsh ' s cultivated belief in human rationalism .
Soon after , the city of Calcutta is scourged by plague and as there were not enough hospitals in the city , the humanitarian uncle turns his own house into a hospital for the poor , himself nursing the victims .
He catches the dread disease and dies .
" He deserved it , " comments his orthodox brother .
He is happy in his " escape " until a young and lively widow , an unwilling and rebellious disciple of the Guru , distracts his attention .
This girl , Damini , like Binodini of the earlier ChokherBali , is one of Tagore ' s few characters so full - blooded and real that no reader having known them ever forget them .
Damini loves Sachish but cares little for the Guru the facade of whose piety does not deceive her .
Sachish who believes that human love is a snare tries to avoid her but cannot help being conscious of her .
Once when the party has camped for the night in a cave , Sachish cannot sleep , haunted by a vague dread of some primeval beast hidden in the cave about to creep over him with its clammy paws .
Just then he feels a touch on his feet .
Unable to escape from thoughts of Damini , Sachish finally begs her to release him from her spell by voluntarily renouncing her desire for him .
The atmosphere of the novel is tense , reflecting the tensions of the period it depicts .
It was a stormy period of national upsurge , of an upheaval of violent passions long submerged , of a clash of ideals and interests .
The sombre narrative scintillates with brilliant sparks of thought as the flints of opposing arguments strike against one another .
It is a clash all along , of the old with the new , of real politik with idealism , of the means with - the end , of love claimed as of right and love given of free will , of home - bred virtue with the wild wind from the outside .
As one reads it one begins to understand , better than any expositions can demonstrate , how akin Tagore was to Gandhi in spirit , whatever the seeming difference in their ways .
The plot , like all Tagore ' s plots , is very simplethe usual , age - old triangle , two men and a woman .
Nevertheless , the character , as it emerges in the novel , is more shadowy than real .
His friend and protege , Saridip , the patriotic firebrand , splendid wind - bag and shameless seducer , on the other hand , is far more real and convincing except that he speaks a language which only a Tagore could put in his mouth .
Nikhil knows what is going on betiweeia his wife and his friend and could easily put a stop to it , but he values love only when given out of free will and in open competition with the outside world and not as an obligation or under duress .
What happens between the three , let the reader find out for himself , for the book is available in English translationThe Home and the World .
A significant title in more senses than the one employed for the novel .
Tagore himself was tossing between his love of his home and the hire of the world .
He was restless once again .
" I have the call of the open road , though most of the roads are closed , " he wrote to Andrews in June 1915 .
" I am in a nomadic mood , but it is becoming painful to me for want of freedom .
They are by no means literature of any high . quality , though many of them are interesting in themselves .
Some of them are quoted below as specimens : " I cannot choose the best .
The best chooses me . "
" Every child comes with the message that God is not yet discouraged of man . "
" He who is busy doing good finds no time to be good . "
One was prophetic of Japan ' s future : " Your idol is shat - Icrrcl in the dust to prove that God ' s dust is greater than your idol . "
Though the Japanese welcomed Tagore with enthusiasm the poet - seer from the land of the Buddhathe enthusiasm cooled off as soon as he warned them in his lectures against imitating , not the humane valucsof the western civilisation but its lust for power and its blind worship of collective egoism in the name of the Nation .
" Europe is supremely good in her beneficence where her face is turned to all humanity ; and Europe is supremely evil in her maleficent aspect where her face is turned upon her own interest , using all her power of greatness for ends which are against the infinite and the eternal in Man . "
He admired the Japanese for being modern but reminded them that " True modernism is freedom of mind , not slavery of taste .
He hated the sight of excited crowds gloating over bonfires of foreign - made cloth , he pitied the students being made to give up schools and colleges to become pawns in the hands of politicians .
Without directly referring to the Mahatma or criticising his leadership , Tagore gave eloquent expression to his faith in the necessity of intellectual and moral cooperation between India and the west in a public lecture in Calcutta entitled SiksharMilan ( Meeting of Cultures ) .
So isolated was he even among his own people in Bengal that his speech provoked a rejoinder from the popular Bengali novelist , Sarat Chandra Chatterji , in an article entitled Sikshar Virodh ( Conflict of Cultures ) .
Soon after , the Mahatma visited Calcutta and on 6 September 1921 the two had a long conference behind closed doors in the poet ' s house at Jorasanko , the only other person present at the interview being Andrews , No authorised report exists of what transpired , but it was understood that Gandhi had come to persuade Tagore to give open and active support to his political programme .
While Gandhi and Tagore were in conference , a large crowd had gathered outside the house and eager to show its sympathy with what the Mahatma stood for and to teach the world - obsessed poet a lesson , had collected large bundles of foreign cloth from nearby shops and set up a bonfire right in the midst of the open courtyard in Tagore ' s house .
Leonard Elmhirst has related that Tagore himself some time later gave him a gist of his conversation with the Mahatma on that memorable day .
They have stolen cloth from the shops in the Chitpore Road , they ' ve lit that bonfire in my courtyard and are now howling round it like a lot of demented dervishes .
" Non - cooperation clashed with his way of thinking , for his mentality , his rich intelligence , had been nourished on all cultures of the world . "
What Tagore feared was not Gandhi ' s spirit of exclusionhe knew that the Mahatma was above it but that of his followers who would not scruple to inflame prejudice or passion to work up a fever of nationalism .
What sacrifice are the students called upon to make ?
Not sacrifice for more complete education but for no education .
More than a decade earlier when he himself was a leader of the Swadeshi movement in Bengal , a group of young students had come and told him that they were prepared to give up their studies if he asked them to do so .
When he declined to do so , they went away in anger , doubting his patriotism .
And the only criticism one can make of them is that they plane too high .
Here I feel every day what a terrible nightmare it is for the human soul to bear this burden of the monster of Arithmetic .
It incessantly drivers its victims and yet leads them nowhere .
In the Diary which he began keeping during his voyage to South America two years later , he has described how the suffocation he had suffered in America brought about in its reaction the mood in which these poems were born .
The sight of monstrous accumulation of wealth , luxury and power and man ' s blind and smug belief that this accumulation will keep on piling and will last forever had invoked before his mind the image of Siva Bholanath , the god of supreme detachment and unconcern , whose divine dance makes and unmakes the universe , mocking at man ' s vanity .
" I sleep and awake , sleep again and wake .
When you put me to sleep , you lose me , mother , and yet you do not lose meexcept as the night loses the sun and the day loses the stars . . . "
" Were you not my mother , but some one else ' s , d ' you think I would n ' t know you , mother ?
Would n ' t I still hide in your lap ?
What fun it would be to have two homes , one for the day and one at night !
As the evening came I would creep up stealthily behind you , put my hands over your eyes and ask , ' Who am I ? ' And you would say , ' Surely some one I know , and yet I know not who . . . "
Where I came from , that ' s where I want to go .
But where it is , I keep on guessing .
Then it seems to me that it must be everywhere .
" Monday , Tuesday , Wednesday , they comeso soon , they must have airplanes at home .
But why does Sunday come so late , mother ?
It seems to lag behind all others .
Does he live farthest of all , as far away as the sky is , and is he the child of poor parents as you were , mother ? "
The poet said as much in a letter to his niece Indira : " I wrote these poems to give respite to my mind from ' its obsession with adult responsibilities .
I have tried to express in them what had of late persistently recurred to my mind , namely , that the meaning of my life was summed up in its foreword which said that I was born as a child in the playground of this world .
We forget that thereby we malign the Creator of the universe , Who functions without toil , Who is supreme bliss because He is free of all obligations . "
But the respite was brief and intermittent Santiniketan clamoured for his attention .
Pearson returned to the asrama on 26 September , after an absence of five years .
With him came Leonard Elmhirst , the young Englishman whom Tagore had met in New York .
He had accepted Tagore ' s invitation to help in organising a rural community welfare centre at Sriniketan and had brought with him adequate funds for the purpose made possible by the generosity of Dorothy Straight Soon after , " the French savant Sylvain Levi arrived as Visiting Professor to Visva - Bharati and thus was founded the first department of Tibetan and Chinese Studies in any Indian University .
How I wish I could find my reed again and be contemptuously ignored by the busy and the wise as a hopeless ne ' er - do - well ! "
Would Tagore have been a greater poet if the Nobel Prize and the consequent blaze of fame and publicity had not invaded the obscurity in which his genius had so far matured ?
Would his spiritual insight have plumbed deeper depths if he had continued to churn the ocean of self instead of sailing over the oceans in missionary zeal to help men understand one another better ?
Who can say what might have been , if this or that had or had not happened ?
These are vain guesses : " With an ' if ' you might put Paris in a bottle , " is a wise French saying . ,
What is remarkable is that despite the many temptations , distractions , and occasional aberrations , he never strayed too far or for long from his true vocation , which was that of the poet and singer , a lover of nature and of men , a devotee who saw the divine in man and hailed the human in the divine .
Indeed , one might even say that the western interludes and periodic spells of missionary fervour were distractions that served as healthy diversions enriching his spirit and enlarging his mental horizons .
Whether because of it or in spite of it , the fact is that Tagore never ceased to be creative , in the best sense of the word , till the last day of his conscious life and continued to explore new fields and to reach heights unsealed before in Bengali language and literature .
Even during his comparatively sterile periods he wrote enough and of such quality as to make many another writer famous .
It is true that at times the inspiration seemed to wane , the vitality to flag , and he drew less from life than from habit .
In August and September a new musical sequence Varshamangal ( Rains Festival ) and a new version of his earlier drama Saradotsav ( Autumn Festival ) were presented on the Calcutta stage .
These compositions which are an enchanting amalgam of poetry , drama , music and dance were written for community celebration of the seasons of the year and breathe of the open air and the simple joy of living .
They were not built on any pattern , the folk and classical traditions intermingle in them as freely as do philosophy and frivolity , religious mysticism and a running commentary on contemporary affairs .
The Mahatma was in jail , and Tagore in his address to the students and inmates of the asrama dwelt at length on " the true meaning of sacrifice which Gandhiji represents . "
His simple and homely address is instinct with deep respect for the Mahatma ' s personality .
Returning to Santiniketan in April , he left soon after for Shillong to spend the summer in that lovely hill station of Assam .
He had only to stay quiet to be creative , and so in Shillong he commenced writing a remarkable play , which he named Rakta Karabi , later translated and published in English as Red Oleanders .
This play , like the earlier one , Muktadhara , . shows Tagore ' s increasing concern with the basic problems of modern civilisation .
The ageing ' poet was reliving in imagination his romantic youth .
His younger contemporaries , charmed by his latest Novel , begged him to make an anthology of his love poems and add a few new ones .
The suggestion was enough to stimulate a mind that needed no more than a prod .
As he himself put it lightly , he was like an automobile engine which kept on running , once the self - starter was released .
So instead of compiling a selection he wrote a completely new volume of verses , mostly love poems , which he named Mahua , after the strong scerited Indian flower of spring which yields a native heady wine .
The title was appropriate , for these poems , some of them very tender and exquisite , were not born of the anguish of a living experience but were induced by an artificial stimulus , as but intoxication .
Not quite artificial , for the poet was always in love with love , an impersonal love .
It was during the rainy season of this year , 1928 , that Tagore introduced two seasonal festivals , Vriksharopana ( Tree - planting ) and Hala - karshana ( Ploughing ) at Santiniketan and Sriniketan respectively .
These picturesque festivals with their simple and artistic ceremonials accompanied by music , dancing and Vedic chanting , invoking nature ' s fertility and symbolising its ever - recurring youth , are still celebrated annually and attract crowds of visitors from the neighbouring countryside , and from Calcutta .
On I March 1929 Tagore sailed for Canada at the invitation of the National Council of Education of that country .
On arrival in Los Angeles his passport was unfortunately lost and he felt irritated by the formalities to which he was subjected by the Immigration Officers some of which he considered too humiliating .
He therefore cancelled his engagements in the States and sailed for Japan .
This was not the first occasion when an accident intervened to mar his appreciation of the United States .
On a previous visit too he had been rubbed the wrong way .
It was unfortunate indeed that his high expectations received repeated rebuffs in a country known for the exuberance of its hospitality and friendliness .
He spent nearly a month in Japan .
He loved this country and its brave and disciplined people and was filled with unhappiness as he watched their minds being steadily warped by a deliberately engineered hysteria of imperial ambition .
With his usual courage he warned them in a public address against " the ghosts of ideals which no longer have a living reality , " which merely serve to alienate nations from one another .
" How like our Prophet ! " whispered the audience as they saw the Indian poet .
That the Passion Play left a deep impression oh his mind can be guessed from the theme of his poem , The Child , which he wrote soon after during his stay in Germany , the only poem he ever wrote directly in English .
Fortunately , he kept a record of his impressions in a series of letters he wrote home , which were later published as Rashiar Chithi ( letters ' from Russia ) .
These letters testify to one of the most significant qualities of the ageing poet , namely , that as he grew older in years , he seemed to become younger in spirit .
A reception was also organised for him at the Carnegie Hall where he spoke on Education , Ruth St . DDenis who admired him gave dance - recitals to raise funds for his school , but as her own country had been recently hard hit by an economic crisis , the poet handed over the proceeds for the benefit of the unemployed in New York .
Inscribing the book to Tagore , Will Durant had written , " You alone are sufficient reason why India should be free . "
In January 1931 Tagore returned to India via London where he had a long talk with Bernard Shaw at a luncheon which the Spectator gave for him in Hyde Park Hotel .
It had been a long and tiring tour but rich and fruitful in experience .
He had seen the western world in its different phases and had left behind a trail of memory which , though it soon faded as all memory must , was not altogether lost .
He did not know then that this was his last visit to the west , that his sun in the western sky had set .
ONE might ask why he who welcomed , despite his repugnance to violence , the stormy upheaval in Russia did not show the same enthusiasm for the non - violent mass movement which the Ma - hatma was leading nearer home .
Soon after his return to India in November 1890 the poems of Manasi were published .
Their wide range and sweep of imagination , their maturity of thought , their lyrical beauty and strengthlike a rider at ease on a spirited horse , in firm control of his seat , using no whip , the horse obeying the slightest hint of his hand or heelconvinced even his detractors that here indeed was a poet .
The poems cover five broad categories which were always to remain his major themes , though later the scope was to widen : love poems , poems of nature , poems dealing with social and national problems , religious and mystical poems and poems which use natural or legendary phenomena or historical anecdotes to embody the author ' s metaphysics or philosophy .
The human and the divine , love of nature and of man , intuition and thought so mingle and interpenetrate in his consciousness that in his poetry , as in actual life , it is difficult to separate one from the other .
Recalling the legendary times when in the forest groves of Brindaban on the bank of the Jumna , Radha pined for Krishna and left her home in the stormy night to seek her love , he finds that Brindaban survives in the human heart , for even now on a stormy night of rain or a hushed evening of autumn , full - mooned , destruction , the little lamp of love and faith continues to burn in the human heart , which no storm has yet succeeded in blotting out for ever .
He is still haunted by his experience of the Borderland , though the enchantment of life was beginning to regain its hold on him .
A few lines are quoted below in the poet ' s own English rendering ; My birthday !
From Kalimpong he went to Mungpoo , a nearby hillside in Darjeeling district , to be the guest for a few days of a young poetess , an ardent admirer and devotee whose husband was the Director or me Government Cinchona plantation ( from which quinine is extracted ) .
There he wrote , besides some poems , a treatise on Bengali language , later published as Bangla Bhasha Parichaya ( An Introduction to Bengali Language ) .
Study of Bengali language , its structure and sound system , its folk reserves and literary usages were an old hobby of his and his explorations in this field bear ample evidence of his remarkable critical insights .
Something of the dashing adventurism of his romantic grandfather as well as the severe and practical idealism of his father had survived in him , although assuming vastly different colours .
These and many other poems of varying quality and depicting a variety of moods and feelings were published at the end of the year in a volume named appropriately , Rogasajyay ( On the Sickbed , 1940 ) .
This was followed by another published in early 1941 , Arogya ( Convalescence ) .
He loved the sun , and most of the poems in this volume and in the previous one were dictated in the early hours of the morning or the day .
In the evening the fever would return and he felt too weak and worn - out for any exertion .
The very first poem of the new volume is a reaffirmation of his old faith .
They too will pass and " leave not a sign behind . "
In their wishful thinking , the best homage they can pay Tagore is to make him out to be a poet of the proletariat .
He was committed only to his love of life and his reverence for its common joys and sorrows , and this poem is in fact only a " rnight yhymn of life , " to borrow the poem ' s words .
He had loved and felt for the common man all his life , long before it became a fashion to do so .
Nearly half a century earlier when he was living in the country and looking after the family estates his letters bear testimony to his very deep feeling and concern for the lowly folk , the peasant and the toiler .
This concern was humane , a normal expression of a healthy moral sensibility , and not derived from any ideology .
Nor is there anything particularly original or revolutionary in the statement that while empires fall , the common man continues to maintain life on earth .
It is the way it is said that makes the poem so memorable .
Some poems were written on his last birthday at Mungpoo , to which a reference was made earlier .
One of the finest among them was dictated at Santiniketan on 21 January 1941 .
knowable only when mind communes with mind . Not everywhere have I had this communion , the fences raised round my life ' s path have barred my entry to many a door .
Having confessed to his limitation , he hails the poet of the future who will be close to the soil , who will share the tiller ' s life and be his comrade , who will be a poet of dumb , obscure men , give voice to their hidden sorrow , and bring joy and song to this dry and desolate land .
Or did he anticipate it and hence the warning ?
In any case , though the admission of his limitations was candid and showed how high and noble was his conception of a poet ' s role , he need not have been unduly apologetic about his own .
Those who sing passionately of the dispossessed seem to have little sympathy for anything else .
This is testified by a Pallava inscription of the seventh centrury AD in one of the early cave - temples at Mahabalipuram .
Then again , Buddhist tantric rituals percolated into the Hindu modes of worship .
With such a background the growth of temples and organized temple worship became truly phenomenal .
The southern temples with their characteristic tiered vimana shrines , major and minor , their axial and peripheral mandapa adjuncts , which are flat - roofed halls , and the towering gopura entrances form a distinct class by themselves as against the northern prasada temples with their curvilinear superstructures , the crowning amalaka and mandapas with rising tiered roofs .
The whole is enclosed by a brick - wall with entrance on the front side ( east or west ) on the gopura pattern , with simpler additional entrances on the south and north sides .
The maha - mandapa in some cases is often extended laterally by one or more bays and , in some instances , there were pillared cloisters ( malikai or malika ) inside the enclosure walls surrounding the court round the three sides of the maha - mandapa .
The temple complexes have a single main shrine or sometimes more than one main shrine .
The single shrines are oblong , square or apsidal in plan .
While the mandapas had flat roofs , the shrine superstructures , particularly of the apsidal ones , were gaja - prishtha , i . e . with forms resembling the hind - quarters of an elephant .
Its longer axis north - south was preceded by a closed maha - mandapa with six rows of five pillars each .
Beyond the Bombay - Poona region , where the soft trap - rock formations were exploited for excavation of chaityas and viharas , further north and north - west , the laterite hills as in Junagad , afforded the venue for such excavations ; laterite when freshly exposed being equally soft and tractable .
Futher south , beyond Konkan , in the Kerala area , west of the ghats , again abounding in laterite , it was excavated into , though as cave - tombs of megalithic association in corresponding times .
The porch framing the entrance shows similar imitation of timberwork in stone , including the torana arch above the lintel .
The Buddhist cave - temple in Kondivte is of similar design where the circular shrine or garbha - griha is occupied by a solid stupa leaving only a narrow circumambulatory passage or pmdakshina all round within the shrine and occupying the end of a rectangular hall or mandapa , with a flat roof as the shrine itself .
The Tulaja cave in Junnar is also an excavation after the model of a circular chaitya .
The main roofing dome rests on a ring of twelve plain octagonal pillars , instead of on a circular wallas in the other examplesenclosing a central stupa , both surrounded by a circular aisle , or pradakshina , which is half - domed .
The other chaityas are mainly apsidal in plan , consisting of a long rectangular hall like a nave , terminating at the farther end into an apse with often two narrower aisles on either side , each separated from the nave by a row of pillars and extended round the apse as a circumambulatory passage round a stupa , also hewn out of rock and occupying the centre of the apse .
The doorway in front is a huge threshold with an arched window on top .
In front of the facade of the hall , a transverse verandah with frontal pillars is often cut .
The result was that these two parallel traditions continued in the south in the respective regions till the advent of the Vijayanagar empire in the second half of the fourteenth century , which soon embraced in its ambit both these regions and in fact soon extended practically over the whole of south India .
The soft stone tradition of the northern region almost came to an end and the use of hard stone for temple construction became almost universal , though the regional styles and distinguishing characters that had developed up to that time in either region were generally maintained .
The three centuries covering the rock - cut phase in the Brahmanical and Jain temple architecture coincided also with the great revivalist movements of the Hindus and the continuing hold of the Jain sects on some sections of the people .
With the commencement of the seventh century , and in the wake of the revivalist movements of the Hindus , great changes were wrought and the bhakti cult developed .
In the Tamil land the Saiva and Vaishnava hymnist saints , the Nayanmars and the Alvars , became wedded to the Vedic traditions and traversed the whole area visiting shrines , singing hundreds of devotional hymns in Tamil and rousing the people .
This also resulted in the reformation of the extremist Saiva creeds of the Kalamukhas , Pasupatas , Mahesvaras , Saktas and the like ; it curbed the strong hold that Jainism had on the people and almost led to the decline of Buddhism .
The Kannada area continued to be the centre of south Indian Jainism from where the various guchchhas branched out into the Tamil and Telugu areas .
The Govardhana - Krishna scene depicts Krishna as holding up the hill to afford shelter to the displaced gopas and gopis with their children , cattle and other belongings , when they had to flee their homes as result of a great deluge of rain and stone brought down by the irate . Indra .
The depiction is quite powerful and realistic .
A unique south Indian note is struck by the introduction of Krishna ' s favourite gopi , Nappinnai , huddling near him in the group and distinguished from the rest of the women in the scene by her dress , stance and attendant lady .
The Krishna - Nappinnai theme is special to the earlier and contemporary Tamil literature and tradition .
They continued the activity for over three centuries till they , like the Pallavas , were overthrown by the rising Cholas of Thanjavur .
These are found at Tiruvellarai , Narttamalai , Kunnandarkovil , Puvalaikkudi and other places , all in the Puduk - kottai and Tiruchirapalli districts .
Their cave - temples too are a type of mandapas with simples shrine - cells and are much akin to the Pandya cave - temple in the same area .
The Atiyaman , or Adigaiman chiefs , ruling in the Kongu area of Salem and Coimbatore districts , bordering on the Tiruchirapalli district , have excavated two fine cave - temples in Namakkal .
They are dedicated to Vishnu and are noted for their fine sculptured panels .
These cave - temples , numbering about sixty in all , are like the Pallava examples , excavated into the hard , local rocks and are essentially similar to the Mahendra - style excavations in plan and design .
They have massive pillars on the facades , essentially square in section at the base and top , with an octagonal middle section , carrying heavy potikas or corbels , usually with a straight bevel , resulting in an angular profile .
There are , however , some examples with pillars of other types and corbels with a curved profile and taranga moulding .
The cave - temples , all , lack a well - defined kapota in the architrave over their mandapa facades , as is also the case in the Mahendra - style cave - temples .
Some of the excavations are merely shrine - cells scooped directly into rock face , without a rock - cut mandapa in front .
Such cave - temples are numerous in this region and very rare in Tondaimandalam .
The inscription mentions the cave - temple significantly as kal - tiru - k - koyil or ' the sacred stone temple ' , echoing the pioneering idea for this region as found in Pallava Mahendravarman ' s inscription at Mandagappattu in Tondaimandalam .
The rock - cut cave - temple at Pillaiyarpatti ( Ramanathapuram district ) with an inscription in an archaic script would also be one of the early Pandya cave - temples , as also Siva Cave - temple III at Kunnakkudi in the same district , which has another short inscription in the same script calling it Masilisvaram .
The Vishnu ( Narasimha ) cave - temple at Anaimalai ( Madurai district ) has a foundation inscription giving the Kali year 3871 ( AD 770 ) and referring to its excavation by a minister of Pandya Maran Sadaiyan , alias Parantaka .
The large cave - temple at present famous as the Subrahmanya temple at Tirup - parankunram near Madurai was excavated earlier and later re - modelled by another Pandya minnister and his wife in the Kali year 3874 ( AD 773 ) , according to their foundation inscriptions there .
The other two excavations on either side of the larger mandapa - type cave - temple and above the level of the Jyeshtha cave shrine should be of a somewhat later date .
One of these contains a bas - relief of Gajalakshmi , and the other a group comprising devi as Bhuvanesvari and her attendants .
The well - known rock - cut cave - temple at Sittannavasal in the Pudukkottai area ( Tiruchirapalli district ) , containing the celebrated early mural paintings in fresco , is an example of a Jain cave - temple of the eighth - ninth centuries .
This , according to a long verse inscription associated with it , was re - embellished by a certain IIan Gautaman alias Madurai Asiriyan and a structural mukha - mandapa added in front , all in the reign of Avanipa - sekhara Sri Vallabha Pandya ( c . 815 - 862 ) .
The cave - shrine called Paliyilisvaram at Narttamalai , another Muttaraiyar excavation , dates a few years before the seventh year of Pallava Nripatunga in the late ninth century .
The same may be said of the Puvalaikkudi cave - shrine , which was excavated by a certain Amarunri Muttaraiyar .
The Vishnu cave - temple at Tirumayam , containing the reclining Vishnu group , is a natural cavern converted into a cave - temple with the addition of the facade pillars and other features by a queen of Perumbidugu Muttaraiyar and would date some time later than the Siva cave - temple of Satyagirisvara adjoining it .
A few others like the Mangadu cave - shrine and Malai - k - kolundisvaram cave - shrine in the same area , as also the cave - temples at Tiruvellarai , can be attributed to the Muttaraiyars .
The cave - temples at Trikkur , Irunilamkodu , Kottukkal and other places in the northern Kerala region are of the times of the rulers of the Chera country , while those in the southern parts , in the Quilon and Trivandrum districts of Kerala , and the Kanyakumari district of Tamil Nadu , or Venadu and Nanjilnadu as they are called , are perhaps mostly of the Pandya affiliation .
Because of lack of specific authentication and of the fact that Kerala was under more than one dynasty during the period from the middle of the seventh to the middle of the ninth centuries to which these cave - temples belong , it would be more rorrect to give them the regional nomenclature of Kerala than to call these all ' Chera ' .
The connected political history of the Cheras of the second period after the earlier Sangam epoch starts from the middle of the ninth century .
The two Vishnu cave - temples at Namakkal , one dedicated to Ranganathan or Anantasayin , and the other to Narasimha , are , according to their inscriptions , excavations by the Atiya king , Gunasila of the line of the Adigaimans known earlier from Tamil literature .
They belong to the first half of the eighth century and contain some fine sculptures .
The most characteristic feature of the style is the door - frame of the cella with elaborate over - door components .
The sakhas , or components of the over - door , range from three to many , the lintel - piece has a crest ornament the lalata bimba , and a superstructure , or uttamnga .
The basal part of the inner sakhas and the jamb carry panels with reliefs of the river goddesses , Ganga and Yamuna .
In the Chalukyan cave - temples of the southern zone , the Kannada area , dvarapala forms along with the river goddesses are depicted in the same panels .
This is in addition to the relatively larger dvarapalas in the niches flanking the outermost entrance of the front mandapa , or front porch of the cave - temple .
In Jogeshvari they flank the sanctum entrance , as also the outer mandapa entrance .
This would indicate an earlier stage , while the other Rashtrakuta caves show a tendency to revert to the scheme of less - than - life - size dvarapalas on either side of the sanctum entrance .
Besides the above , others like Caves 17 , 20 , 21 and 26 are of the sandhara type and have their shrine chambers at the rear of the pillared mandapa cut out on all sides , resulting in a circumambulatory passage .
The Dhumarlena , or Cave 29 , is of greatest interest since it is the largest and most imposing of the caves at Ellora .
Its sandhara and chaumukh , or chaturmukha shrine , is not only isolated but also contained within a group of mandapas arranged in a cruciform plan which is similar to that of the Elephanta and the Jogeshvari caves .
The four doorways of the shrine are flanked by large dvarapalas and other accompanying sculptures .
The long rectangular maha - mandapa or main hall that precedes the shrine and also partly surrounds it has a wide nave and aisles formed by a colonnade of five pillars on each side , of which the front encloses the main entrance .
Additionally flanking the main hall are two lateral entrances through two portals or pillared transepts .
The pillars are huge in size with kumbhas or cushion capitals , and the statutory inside is also ponderous and of large proportions .
The cave - temple can be dated to the middle of the seventh century in the Chalukyan period .
Cave 27 , or the Milkmaid ' s cave ( Gopilena ) , is an interesting example with triple shrines on the rear and side walls of the mandapa .
The upper floor has the navaranga hall with twelve outer pillars as in the Indra Sabha , but there is also a shrine at the rear .
From one corner of the mandapa and disposed at an angle is an additional unit similar in proportions and character to those of the groundfloor , but complete and richly carved .
In Elephanta , a tiny island off Bombay , the cave - temple is distinguished by the exceptional quality of its sculptures of which the great Mahesamurti is the most well known .
With the main east - west linear axis of the excavation parallel to the length of the rock , its plan consists of a large mandapa supported by twenty pillars on its periphery , eight ranged on each of the longer sides and two each on the front and the rear , between the corner pillars .
There are flights of steps in front of the shorter or front and rear sides , leading out into open courts on the respective sides , which are formed by cuttings that more or less isolate the section of the rock with its excavated cave - temple from the rest of the mass .
These two are designed as the northern lateral extensions of the maha - mandapa with an entrance on the open side , while the corresponding lateral extension of the same plan on the south , dug into the parent rock , contains the niches of Mahesamurti and other sculptures .
Towards the rear end of the maha - mandapa is a sandhara , chalurmukha shrine , square , and with doors framed by elaborate over - doors on the four sides .
Inside there is a large rock - cut linga pedestal , with its spout on the north , and with an inserted linga .
The Hindu cave at Mahur ( Nander district ) in Maharashtra has a sandhara - iype of sanctum with two smaller transverse corridors in front and two smaller subsidiary shrines on the flanks .
This is apparently a late plan after the model of Caves 17 and 21 of Ellora , and datable to the first quarter of the eighth century .
It was perhaps a provincial contemporary of Dhumarlena of Ellora .
There is an unfinished excavation by the side of the Siva cave .
The cave at Bhokardan near Aurangabad has five shrine - cells in a line behind the pillared rectangular mandapa at the rear of an open cutting in a low outcropping trap rock on the left bank of the Kelna river - bed .
Each cell has a door - opening .
The mandapa has two bays , at the front and the rear , forming mukha - and ardha - mandapas .
It is not clear if this cave is of Western or Eastern Chalukyan authorship ; it could even have been of mixed tradition .
The nature of the sculpture and other evidence indicate an Eastern Chalukyan authorship in the mid - seventh century AD .
The doorways of the shrines are simple like those in the southern cave - temples and unlike the Western Chalukyan - Rashtrakuta types with elaborate over - doors .
While most of the cave - temples are dedicated to Siva , two are definitely dedicated to Durga , and a few to Vishnu .
The sculptural content is very meagre compared to the examples at Badami , Aihole , Ellora , etc .
Among the few sculptures , mention may be made of tandava Siva .
The Anantasayanagudi cave - temple at Undavalli is the largest of the group and is a three - storeyed structure akin to the Ellora Buddhist Caves 11 and 12 , the Do - tal and Tin - tal .
It belongs to the seventh century if not earlier , and was perhaps intended originally for the Buddhist creed , but was adopted later for a Vishnu temple , the principal deity being a recumbent Vishnu , or Anantasayin .
The Bhairavakonda cave - temples are excavated into a soft schist intrusion in the hills at Kottapalle in Nellore district , a rock material different from the Krishna - Guntur group .
Interposed between them , along with two rock sculptures of dancing Siva and Harihara , are small niches or memorial shrines with lingas cut inside them , with dedicatory or other inscriptions of the eighth century .
The eight larger cave - temples fall into two groups .
The first four , starting from the northern end of the horseshoe valley or ravine , are simple shrine excavations without a front mandapa and lack the elaborately decorated kapota cornice and its kudu ornaments .
An early , if imperfect , monolithic shrine form is found in the Tawa cave at Udaigiri ( Vidisha district , Madhya Pradesh ) .
It is more or less a circular monolithic temple cut out of an isolated mass of sandstone rock and carved into a hemisphere mounted on a base and capped by a flat stone in the form of a tawa ( griddle ) which , according to the inscription on it , was fashioned by a minister of Chandragupta .
What is more interesting is the fact that the Pallavas translated into the hard imperishable stone monoliths the various forms of structural vimana temples of brick and timber that were prevalent at the commencement of the seventh century .
Thus they stand out as the earliest examples of the beginnings of vimana architecture in the south , and exhibit the varieties of vimanas that existed , or were evolved at that time .
The variety in form , namely , plan and rise , exemplified by these monoliths , locally called the rathas , would also indicate the existence of well - defined codes and manuals on rituals , art and architecturethe Agama , Silpa and Vastu Sastras .
They thus form the most important landmarks in the study of Indian temple architecture , especially of the south .
As entirely cut - out models , these monoliths show not only the entire external aspect of a vimana from the base to the apex , with the front ardha - mandapa constituting a unitary type of the temple form , but also , to a large extent , as in the cave - temples , the interior aspects .
They were all carved down from the apex to the base as opposed to structural constructions that are built up from the base , or foundation , to the apex .
As , however , according to the traditional ritual the installation of the stupi , or finial , should coincide with the consecration of the temple , after ceremonial installation of the archa murti , or image of worship in the sanctum , the pratishtha and kumbhabhishekam rituals , the stupi was not cut out initially and the work on these monoliths started from the member next below , viz . the sikhara , and a separately carved stupi was inserted into position later on .
The prastaras of both the talas carry arpita haras , applique on the harmya of the second tola and on the griva above , and made up of four karnakutas at the corners and four solas in between them on each side over each face .
The hara at the aditala level is extended also over the top of the ardha - mandapa , a feature of all early vimanas .
The northern ratha of the twin Pidari rathas , facing north with its ardha - mandapa , is of the pure Nagara order , with only this difference that there is no hara over the second talaan advanced featuremaking it out as the last of the series in Mahabalipuram and anticipating in this respect the later vimanas of the eighth century .
Both the rathas lack sculptures on their aditala walls and are incomplete .
The incomplete southern Pidari ratha facing east and the more complete Arjuna ratha are likewise double - storeyed , square in section in both the talas and carrying applique haras of four karnakutas and four salas at both levels .
The griva and sikhara are , however , octagonal in section , making them both ashtanga , nirandhara vimanas of the Dravida order of the composite variety .
There are four nasikas projected from the four cardinal sides of the griva sikhara .
The ardha - mandapa in both the vimanas carries haras of kutas and salas of a smaller size than those over the aditala .
Finding that construction in these hard stones was difficult and time - consuming , and in order to step up the tempo and keep pace with , if not outstrip , his rivals , Rajasimha ultimately resorted to the softstone tradition and had to employ the coarse , friable , local standstones of a not very commendable quality for the temples in his capital city .
The great Kailasanatha temple in Kanchi and others in the same place are of this kind .
However much the Pallavas lagged behind the Chalukyas in this respect , their monolithic or cut - out ratha interlude did confer definite advantages , for it gave them better ideas of form , proportion and design that helped them in making their structural edifices more elegant and better composed and dimensioned than the Chalukyan structural creations .
The Shore temple at Mahabalipuram is a complex of three shrines with accessory mandapas , prakara enclosures and gopura entrances .
Of the three , the larger vimana facing the sea on the east , called Kshatriyasimhesvara , and the smaller vimana at its rear facing the village on the west called Rajasimhesvara , are both dedicated to Siva and have wedged in between them a rectangular mandapa - shrine without a superstructurecalled Narapatisimha Pallava Vishnu - griha .
These names inscribed on the structure are all titles of Rajasimha , the builder of the complex .
The larger eastern vimana has an additional prakara of its own , closely investing it on the east , south and north , and leaving the west open .
Both its tolas are devoid of the hara .
This vimana , called Mahendravarmesvara after Rajasimha ' s son , contains in its sanctum the usual fluted Hnga and Somaskanda panels , besides Brahma and Vishnu sculptures on the inner wall of the ardha - mandapa , as also other sculptures on its outer wall and in the devakoshthas .
The prakara has another entrance on the west at the middle , which is a real gopura entrance with a sola superstructure ; it is smaller in magnitude .
All round the inner face of the prakara is built an array of fifty - eight small dvitala vimanas , all except two being square and of the kuta type .
But among the kuta vimanas of the malika of parivara shrines , those along the east face west , those along the west face east , while those on the north and south both face east .
The external walls of these parivara shrines of the malika contain a variety of sculptures , both Saivite and Vaishnavite , of varied iconography , thus making this temple complex a veritable museum of iconography and plastic art .
The Mahendravarmesvara has a smaller enclosure with a small gopura or dvarasala in front and two lateral entrances in addition near the two front corners .
Thus it was a village moot hall , a santhagara , even as the Ladkhan in Aihole was .
It originally , like the Ladkhan , had a small shrine at the rear , now replaced by a much later one called Vaikuntha - perumal .
The Kontgudi likewise , has a shrine at the rear wall of the hall and with the superstructural scheme added later since the roof shrine has the features of a more evolved Chalukyan vimana roof .
The Meguti of Jain dedication with an inscription dated AD 634 is better evolved .
The walled central bay forms the main sanctum and also carries the roof shrine over it .
The rear bays on either side , close to the hind wall corners , provide for the two lateral shrines of the groundfloor with the two lateral bays in front on the median axial line having flat roofs like the central cell , thus forming their respective ardha - mandapas .
The three mukha - mandapa bays in front as also the corresponding three at the rear have slopy roofs .
Likewise , the two lateral walls of the mandapa are relieved five times , corresponding to the hara elements , the central one on each side being a devakoshtha which is again found on either wing of the front eastern wall on either side of the shrine entrance .
The extreme recesses on the north and south of each lateral face of the mandapa wall have perforated windows .
The second tala is tall , rising as an upward extension of the aditala inner wall .
The third tala of a lesser height over it is also devoid of the hara elements .
In contrast with this group of earlier vimana forms showing different stages of development during the seventh century , we have the full - fledged vimana forms in the temples of Sangamesvara , Virupaksha , and Mallikarjuna in Pattadkal , reflecting to a great extent the vimana features as crystallized in the contemporary Pallava structural temples and their earlier monolithic rathas .
Among these , the temples at Biccavolu ( east Godavari district ) are characteristic .
The Biccavolu series falls into two groups .
The earlier one comprises the temples called Kansaragudi , Nakkalagudi and a third having no local name , all built , perhaps in the time of Gunaga Vijayaditya ( 848 - 891 ) and his successors .
They are all square on plan , three - storeyed tritala Nagara vimanas with four karanakutas and four solas intervening on the aditala and second tola prastaras , without panjaras and devoid of the sukanasika .
These features indicate affinity and proximity to the Pallava type , though their distinct regional and parental Chalukyan traits would be evident from the other features and the general stature of the vimana form .
The makara toranas show great emphasis in their detail , particularly by the addition of a pair of makara heads at the apex of the arch on either side of the finial .
The kudus in the flexed cornice , or kapota , are horseshoe - shaped as in the Pallava and early Chalukyan examples .
The other three temples inside the villagethe Golingesvara , the Cnandrasekhara , and the Rajarajesvarawould belong to the second and later group ( c . 950 - 1050 ) , and the last perhaps to the time of Rajaraja Narendra ( 1019 - 1 % 0 ) .
They are also two - or three - storeyed Nagara vimanas , square on plan , but with their superstructures entirely or partially restored in later times and heavily plastered over , obscuring many original diagnostic features .
Though it is lesser in dimensions , it is more ornate with bold and round sculpture in the niches and cameos of Puranic scenes formed by miniature panels .
The one forming a belt round the base of the vimana walls is noteworthy in that it narrates synoptically the stories of the lives of the sixty - three Saiva Nayanmars according to the work called Periyapuranam .
The larger loose sculptures set in the wall niches and in the malika corridors are in a new medium , namely , a black , polished basalt - like stone , as against the granite of the structure .
They are all sculptures of a fine quality and most of them are now removed and exhibited in the Thanjavur Art Gallery .
The closed maha - mandapa of this east - facing complex has an open porch - like agra - mandapa on its south , with ornately carved pillars having panel sculptures .
The porch mandapa itself is designed to simulate a chariot on wheels drawn by horses , while the flights of steps , fore and aft , have balustrades guarded by elephants .
Outside this gopura is the ornate but small Nandi - mandapa .
Beyond is another outer gopura that fronted a now non - existent outer prakara .
The addition of the devi temple brought into more common vogue the kalyana utsava , or annual ceremonial marriage festival of the god and goddess , for which special kalyana dolotsava ( swing festival ) mandapas with attached yaga - mandapas were built .
The advent of the special Nataraja shrine as part of the sabha - mandapas or nritta - mandapas in Siva temples has already been mentioned earlier .
The other types are the utsava - mandapas for various periodical festivals where the utsava murtis were decorated , worshipped and taken out in procession .
Snapana - or abhisheka - mandapas ( halls for ceremonial bathing rituals ) , vyakarana - mandapas ( halls for exposition and educational purposes ) , ranga - and natyasalas for dance and music , and even atura salas ( hospital mandapas ) came to be added to the temple complex .
All these made the medieval temple of the Tamil land the hub not only of the religious but also of the social , economic and other temporal activities of the community which always centred round the temple .
Their earlier temples such as the Navalinga group and the Kallesvara at Kukkanur near Gadag ( Dharwar district ) , assignable to the latter half of the tenth century , are perhaps the last among the structures that were built of sandstone , and mark the end of the sandstone - trap rock tradition .
They adopted different soft stones , such as the chloritic schist , for their temples during the middle of their period .
The fine cluster of nine temples in a group called the Navalinga temple consists of nine two - or three - storeyed square vimanas , single - walled , and built round the sides and ends of a linear row of three mandapas , all of poor quality sandstone .
In general appearance , but for the characteristic sukanasikas , they resemble the Biccavolu temples of the Eastern Chalukyas .
It had originally a closed navaranga - mandapa in front , though an open mandapa was added later on .
The central bay of the navaranga included within the four central pillars is a square larger than the eight surrounding peripheral bays .
In addition , it has four supporting pillars at the four inner corners of the garbha - griha .
The pilasters on the walls are slender with capitals that have lost their robust shapes .
The proportionate sizes of their components are lost and the abacus , or phalaka , is small and thin .
In the recesses between the bays of the wall occurs the ' decorative pilaster ' a pilaster carrying a shrine front or pavilion on top , as is to be found in the Chola temples of the eleventh century at Thanjavur and Gangaikondacholapuram .
The decorative pilaster is framed inside a torana over two shorter pilaster supports .
So the poem goes on , hinting and guessing at the secret bonds that unite at some dim level of subterraneous consiciousness the worlds of nature and of man , until the earth ' s loving hand has wiped away from Ahalya all trace of man - made sin and she rises again from the womb of the great mother , a new - born virgin , bright and beautiful , like the dawn rising over the blue ocean of forgotten memories .
This patriot and lover of his people was the severest critic of the follies of his countrymen .
It is as though Prospero ' s wand suddenly breaks and the wonderful panorama of life and this world seems insubstantial .
Everything must melt away like a shadow . Getting and not getting , they both end in sighs .
Sometimes he feels that in all the loves he has ever known , in this life as in the many past ones , he has been seeking the one true love in many forms , the love of God , the spirit ' s ceaseless search , without its knowing , for its ultimate goal .
The religious consciousness , the need of establishing a satisfactory relationship with the Absolute , which was to find its culmination in the Gitanjali period , is beginning to stir within him .
But the love of life is strong and the mystic consciousness not yet overwhelming .
But nearer home , in the northern regions of the empire , the break is observed to be more pronounced , conditioned not only by the political invasion by iconoclastic rulers of alien faith but also other local and intrinsic causes .
The change - over from a hitherto softstone vogue to one of rather quite novel and less tractable hardstone apart , the models left in the hundreds , though of great merit as great expositions and landmarks in the history of architecture , by the immediate predecessors , the Hoysalas and before them the Western Chalukyas , could not supply the want adequately .
The very peculiarities of their plan and elevation could not afford the starting point for the Vijayanagar series .
Either of them have become cul - de - sacs , so to say , that had taken far away from the main highroad of evolution laid by their precursors , the Rashtrakutas and before them the early Chalukyas and codified in the architectural canons .
For , the emphasis on the horizontal division resulting in the tiered nature of the superstructure was the sine qua non of the recognized southern vimana order .
In such a perspective of the subdual , almost to the extent of obliteration in effect of the horizontal division and stratification , neither could the Hoysala genre satisfy .
The similar but stellate vertical corrugations again extending from the very base to the near apex , more boldly emphasized in the Hoysala genre , could not satisfy the need .
The tempting softness of the stone , coupled with the increased surface area to be carved , resulting from the vertical folds or offsets , had encouraged such profusions of sculpture and embellishment which could not very well be done with equal facility in the hard - stone material that the Vijayanagar artisans took up for their work .
Inside the eastern apse , or the eastern half of the structure is accommodated a large pillared mandapa with twelve peripheral pillars each of which is a huge monolith of the composite character that becomes the feature of Vijayanagar temples to come .
On the outer face of each such caryatid column is cut out the pillai - k - kal or slender columnette attached to the main part only by its base and top , and having all the features of a typical pillar , the potika on top again , being a pushpa potika .
Yet the navarnaga design is betrayed by the raised ceiling with nine coffered bays on top , eight of them surrounding a central larger one .
Inside the open gaps of each one of the vyalas the stone mass has been very dexterously cut out into a round ball which can be rolled inside but not taken out , another feat of sculpture by the craftsman as is common in the Vijayanagar vyala pillars .
The passage outside the ring of the ranga - mandapa pillars and between them and the outer wall has a roof made up of two rising stages , each with an outward slope while that over the central ranga - mandapa the ceiling is raised up still further as a clerestory .
The roofing in this highly rain - soaked region is adequately designed by the laying above of the long channel stones sloping out and placed together , the adjacent parallel edges of every two channels being covered by an inverted channel stone , hood - like .
This pattern is found followed in many other temples of this area and the western coastal strip on the other side of the Ghats .
The large central bay on the ceiling of the ranga - mandapa , inside , thus coming to have a greater depthforming as it were a nabhichchanda vitana , bears a well - defined inverted lotus blossom with many seriate petals and a large pendentive central torus which is pecked by four parrots perched , topsy - turvy , on the petals immediately surrounding the central torus .
The circular srikoyil of Vadakkunnathan , the most northerly of the row , has its sanctum cells divided by a transverse diagonal wall .
The western half enshrining Siva has its own door - Opening and flight of steps in front with a detatched namaskar mandapa in front .
The eastern half is dedicated to devi Parvati with a door opening on the east .
The northern and southern faces have false doors , or ghanadvaras .
Over the moulded stone adhishthana , the outer wall of the sandhara structure and its prastara show the characteristic reliefs of pilasters and miniature shrines of the kuta , sala , and panjara models , as in the Tamil Nadu temples .
The slopy conical roof of metal sheet covers these by its overhanging eaves supported by brackets sprung from the wall at intervals .
The inner wall rising up further actually carries this immense conical roof , or sikhara , with a single metal stupi on top .
The most southernly of the group is the two - storeyed shrine of Rama , square on plan , with its adhishthana , walls , and prastara relieved five times on each of its four faces .
However , on this last occasion , though I again did all in my power to reason with the rebellious soldiery , they would not heed me , and carried out their purpose of slaying these poor people .
If they did so , they may have been urged on to it by Mirza Mughal . "
Bahadur Shah further stated that his signatures on various firmans ( orders ) , and documents were obtained under duress , coercion and without his free will : " As regards the orders under my seal , and under my signature , the real state of the case is , that from the day the soldiery came and killed the European officers , and made me a prisoner , I remained in their power as such .
All papers they thought fit , they caused to be prepared , and , bringing them to me , compelled me to affix my seal .
Sometimes they brought the rough drafts of orders , and had fair copies of them made by my secretary .
At other times , they brought the original letters intended for despatch , and left copies of them in the office .
Hence , several rough drafts in diversity of hands have been filed in the proceedings .
Frequently they had the seal impressed on the outside of empty unaddressed envelopes .
There is no knowing what papers they sent in these or to whom they sent them . "
I prefer to quote from the evidence . "
He further called the King a sovereign , pensioner and a traitor : " That the prisoner was a pensioned subject of the British Government in India and as the British Government neither deprived him nor any member of his family of any sovereignty whatever , but , on the contrary , relieving them from misery and oppression , bestowed on them largesse and pensions aggregating many millions of pounds sterling , this traitor rushed to seize the first possible opportunity of overthrowing and destroying the government of his benefactors .
" He was a sovereign , proclaimed as King and his jurisdiction was paramount in Delhi . "
From the evidence of one Ashan Ulla Khan , a physician , it was sought to be established that when he and Ghulam Abbas , the attorney in the court , were with the King , they were told that the troopers had killed Mrs Fraser and had gone up to Captain Douglas to kill him and that the King ' s servants joined in these murders with the full knowledge of the King .
He submitted that this statement clearly and satisfactorily proved that the King ' s servants were the murderers and the King was a party to it .
He said , " That no servant was ever dismissed and not the slightest investigation or enquiry was ever instituted ; in fact , in the answers to the questions put to the witness , the King continued with these murderers both in his pay and in employment . "
On the first charge , he stated that he would rely upon a firman written by the King to " the special slave , the Lord Governor Muhammad Bakht Khan Bahadur " in his own hand , and various other documents and letters written by others to the King .
Without any hesitation we own the responsibility for publishing .
He further said , " That the issue of the said periodical work of the said 28th day of April , 1883 was made up and published entirely on my responsibility , and to the best of my knowledge , information and belief , the said Ramcoomar Dey did not read anything contained therein in the editorial columns before the publication thereof .
" I further say that , except as an hon ' ble and learned judge of this hon ' ble court , I have no knowledge whatsoever of the said hon ' ble John Freeman Norris , and that in writing and publishing what I did in connection with His Lordship , I acted entirely bona fide and as I believed , in the interests of the public good .
" That there appeared in the said issue of the 28th day of April , 1883 , two paragraphs in connection with the said hon ' ble John Freeman Norris , one at page 194 under the heading of ' News and Notes ' of Tuesday , the 24th day of April , 1883 and the other at page 199 amongst the editorial notes .
" That the Brahmo Public Opinion referred to in the said paragraph is a periodical work published in Calcutta every Thursday , and is believed by the public , and I believe it , to be under the editorship of a gentleman practising as an attorney of this hon ' ble court .
" That the matter of complaint made in the said first paragraph appeared in the said Brahmo Public Opinion , to the best of my knowledge , information and belief , in its issue of Thursday the 19th day of April , 1883 , and no contradiction thereof , nor any explanation thereof appeared either in the said Brahmo Public Opinion or to the best of my knowledge , information and belief in any other newspaper .
" That the matter of complaint made in the said second paragraph appeared in the said Brahmo Public Opinion in its issue of the 26th day of April , 1883 and no explanation or contradiction thereof appeared in that paper , or in any other newspaper , before the publication of the said issue of the said periodical work .
Banerjea claimed " the honour ( for such I deem it ) of being the first Indian of my generation This trial of Surendra Nath Banerjea generated a wave of political consciousness in India and publicity abroad .
He became a hero overnight .
It sowed the seed of the right of freedom of expression and trial of the press to express free and frank comments in the interest of public good .
It challenged the jurisdiction of the court to try for its own contempt .
It established the dictum that even a judge of the High Court has to take care of public sentiments and cannot act in an arbitrary manner .
Interestingly enough , Surendra Nath Banerjea was later made president of the Xlth session of the Indian National Congress .
Born in a Maratha Brahmin family of Ratnagiri , he was educated in the Deccan College , took a degree in law , sponsored the foundation of the Fergusson College and took to journalism to edit two journals ' Maratha ' ( in English ) and ' Kesari ' ( in Marathi ) .
In 1897 , he started the Shivaji festival and tried to revive patriotic fervour amongst the Indians .
His adverse criticism of government measures to fight the plague outbreak in Poona ( Pune ) led to his prosecution and conviction on charge of sedition .
Tilak was prosecuted under Section 124 - A and a lengthy trial took place .
Tilak defended himself and prepared a masterly defence , which is a document of historical importance .
It is in this trial , when asked by the judge whether he had anything to say in his defence , Tilak uttered those memorable words which are today inscribed in the tablet placed at the entrance of the same court - room .
Tilak was sentenced to six years ' transportation to Mandalay in Burma and a fine of Rs 1000 .
The third trial of Tilak took place in the year 1916 , on his release from the six years ' sentence of transportation .
In this trial also he was prosecuted for sedition but no jail sentence was imposed .
The second trial of Tilak in 1908 is of historical importance as it acquired a place in the history of criminal jurisprudence .
Tilak was arrested and made to stand before the Presidency Magistrate to face charges in the preliminary hearing at the Esplanade Court in Bombay .
He was charged under Sections 124 - A and 153 - A of the Indian Penal Code on charges of fomenting sedition and antagonising the masses before the Presidency Magistrate , Mr A . H . S . Aston .
The counsel for Tilak argued that there should be a single trial .
The government advocate pressed for separate trials and the magistrate had no choice of his own but to uphold the government ' s view and ordered separate trials . ^
Tilak was committed to the High Court where such trials used to take place at that time .
Mr M . A . Jinnah ( at that time a nationalist leader and thereafter architect of the present Pakistan ) pleaded in his bail petition that Tilak was under treatment for diabetes and that the translation of Kesari articles , on the basis of which charges had been laid , were full of mistakes and errors .
For accurate translation to be submitted to the court and to enable Tilak to prepare his own defence , it was only just and fair to grant him bail .
He assured the judge that Tilak could be relied upon to appear in court on the date fixed for the hearing .
Mr Jinnah also reminded the judge of the earlier decision of Mr Justice Tyabji when bail in such a matter was granted .
He was not aware that the attitude of the government towards political activists had stiffened during the intervening period and the judiciary was not free from such bias in political cases .
Mr Justice Davar refused to grant bail .
Though Tilak was not a revolutionary and nor did he believe in violent methods , elaborate security arrangements were made to guard him while he was under arrest .
The government moved its troops to control the unprecedented crowd who waited outside to have a glimpse of their beloved leader .
The authorities , fearing protests from the crowd of admirers waiting outside the jail , decided to bring Tilak in the darkness of the night from Dongri Jail to the High Court building to lodge him in a small room converted into a solitary cell , at the top floor of the building .
The government wanted to avoid giving the facility ( help from advocates or jury ) to the accused and arbitrarily shifted the venue of the trial to Bombay High Court to the prejudice of Tilak .
A dispute also arose about the nature of the jury .
The government wanted Tilak to be tried by a special jury to secure his conviction .
The barrister , Joseph Baptista , brilliantly argued against the government ' s insistence on a special jury .
His argument was that the special jury would consist mostly of Europeans and Anglo - Indians who were unable to comprehend and appreciate the original Marathi language of the alleged objectionable articles and their background .
Thus from the very start there would be this prejudice against Tilak because of his alleged attack on their community in his paper .
He argued that it would be a travesty of justice to have a special jury of Europeans and Anglo - Indians for a case under Section 153 - A of the I . P . C , i . e . for the charge of antagonising the masses .
It seemed to him wrong that the child , instead of being encouraged to express himself freely and happily in his mother tongue , should be forced from an early age to master the intricacies of aforeign idiom , thus expending all the resources of his tender and undeveloped mind in trying to balance himself of crutches , meanwhile forgetting the use of his limbs .
He had not forgotten his own school days when " we had to sit inert , like dead specimens of some museum , whilst lessons were pelted at us from on high , like hailstones on flowers . "
He imbibes with his limbs and with his senses long before he learns with his brain .
He must therefore be provided with an environment which will stimulate and feed his curiosity and make his introduction to the world around him easy and joyful .
He should be encouraged to do things for himself and should lean as little as possible on his teacher .
The art of teaching so as to enable the child to love and understand his environment and to learn with his limbs and his senses before the brain is unduly taxed was first developed at Santiniketan long before Mahatma Gandhi adapted its basic principle to his system of what later came to be known in India as Basic Education .
The best teacher , according to Tagore , is nature .
Education in the sciences , in which he greatly believed , must arise naturally from the study of nature and the training of the senses , which develop the child ' s curiosity and his aptitudes .
In 1897 , plague ravaged Poona , and Rand , the oppressive of - ficer - in - charge , was murdered by the Chaphekar brothers who went to the gallows singing verses from the ' Gita ' .
Young Savarkar , deeply impressed , took an oath to fight like the Chaphekars for India ' s freedom .
Next year it was expanded into the ' Mitra Mela ' .
In 1902 , Vinayak joined the Fergusson College , Poona , and lived in its residency .
He gathered round him a band of young patriots .
In 1905 , tlie partition of Bengal roused a countrywide protest . Savarkar ' s group organised a bonfire of foreign cloth at Poona for which he was expelled from the college residency .
After graduating in 1905 , Vinayak toured extensively to gain support for his ' Mitra Mela ' society which was now called ' Abhinav Bharat ' .
In 1906 , on Tilak ' s recommendation , Vinayak secured Shyam Krishna Verma ' s scholarship and sailed for England .
It involved important legal issues on international as well as national laws .
Savarkar had purpose in life and it was to liberate his motherland from the foreign yoke by all means .
The great patriot , revolutionary and freedom fighter , Savarkar , since his student life used to take part in political activities and was an active member of Abhinav Bharati , a society in Poona which was engaged in fighting for India ' s freedom .
While taking an active part in political activities , Savarkar decided to go to England and bring before the British people , and the world at large , the injustice against the Indian people in the form of repression and exploitation .
He was a brilliant student , but was not in a position to go abroad at his own .
While studying law fit : Bombay , he heard about scholarships offered by a great Indian patriot , Shyam Krishna Verma , a barrister settled in England , to needy Indian students desirous of studying abroad .
Savarkar reached London in 1906 and devoted himself to his studies .
He also directed his energy to political activities and actively associated with the Indians who propagated ideas against the British rule and supported revolutionary activities in India .
The Brigadier had seized Savarkar by one arm for the purpose of taking him back to the ship and the prisoner went peace - " fully with him .
The Brigadier did not release his hold till they reached the deck of the vessel .
It would appear that the incident did not occupy more than a few minutes .
It is alleged that the Brigadier was not ignorant of the presence of Savarkar on board the vessel and that his orders , like those of the French police and Gendarmes , were to prevent any Hindu from coming on shore who had not got a ticket .
These circumstances show that the persons on board in charge of Savarkar might well have believed that they could count on the assistance of the French police .
" It is established that a Commissaire of the French police came on board the vessel shortly after its arrival and , in accordance with the orders of the Prefect , placed himself at the disposal of the Commander in respect of the watch to be kept .
In consequence of this , the Commissaire was put in communication with the British police officer - in - charge of the prisoner .
The court held :
" Whereas , having reacted to what has been stated , it is manifest that the case is not one of recourse to fraud or force in order to obtain possession of a person who had taken refuge in a foreign country , and that there was not in the circumstances of the arrest and delivery of Savarkar to the British authority and of his removal to India anything in the nature of the violation of the sovereignty of France , and that all those who took part in the matter certainly acted in good faith and had no thought of doing anything unlawful .
" Whereas , in the circumstances cited above , the conduct of the Brigadier , not having been disclaimed by his chiefs before the morning of July 9 , i . e . before the " MOREA " left Marseilles , the British police might naturally have believed that the Brigadier had acted in accordance with his instructions or that his conduct had been approved .
" Whereas , while admitting that an irregularity was committed by the arrest of Savarkar and by his being handed over to the British police , there is no rule of International Law imposing , in circumstances such as those which have been set out above , any obligation on the power , which has in its custody a prisoner , to restore him because of a mistake committed by the foreign agent who delivered him to that power . "
The judgment of the Tribunal shocked the world as it made mockery of the established right of asylum as cited in International Law .
Hamelin in L ' affairs Savarkar ( Extrait de Recueil general de Jurisprudence , de Doctrine , et de Legislation colo - niales , 1911 ) , defended the French view .
The award of the Court of Arbitration was severely criticised by Baty in Law Magazine and Review , 36 ( 1911 ) , pp . 326 , 330 and by other wates of International Law .
Oppenheim in International Law ( vol . 1 , 8th edition , p . 703 has given a summary of the case France vs . Great Britain .
Some members of the British Parliament also criticised the judgment of The Hague court .
A well - known journal , Sociologist , published in Europe by an Indian patriot , Shyam Krishna Verma , commented :
" The decision of the International Tribunal at The Hague has shattered all faith in the maintenance of the rights of political refugees as ordinarily understood and it is sad to observe that the nations , hitherto most conspicuous for their love of liberty , are slow to recognise these rights when they are beset by political considerations .
L . Humanite was after all justified in finding that the submission of L ' affairs to arbitration in the first instance was a tactical error on the part of France and a friend , who was a member of the British Parliament , assures us that the way in which France submitted her case ensured its failure , all the strongest grounds having been omitted . "
It was commented upon by Dr Oppenheim , authority on International Law in the following words : " This judgment reduces the right of asylum to very narrow limits .
According to the judgment , to put the matter in its extreme form , a Prince called Kropotkin might conceivably be kidnapped by Russian agents in collusion with British police and without the knowledge or consent of the British Government and no rule of International Law could be invoked for his restoration .
The decision serves to emphasise the urgent need for the establishment , as supplementary to the Arbitration Courts at The Hague of a permanent court of International Law , from which , not negative compromises , but sensible authoritative judgments could be obtained . "
Thus ended the trial of a great patriot and revolutionary , who loved his motherland and risked his life for its liberation from the opressive British rule .
The trial also left an imprint of Savar - kar ' s personality on International Law , and the footprints of a champion of liberty who heroically strove for the deliverance of a suppressed people .
Its impact was so great that it hastened the fall of M . Briand , the French premier , who was compelled to resign after The Hague court verdict .
Mohandas Karatnchand Gandhi was born at Porbandar in Gujarat on 2nd October , 1869 .
He was the youngest of three sons and had one sister .
His father , Karamchand Uttamchand , was Prime Minister of Rajkot .
Gandhi was in school till 1887 .
Gandhi was married in 1881 to Kasturbai .
After spending nine months in a college , he left for England in September , 1888 to study law .
He returned home in 1891 and set himself up as a lawyer .
In April 1893 , Gandhi was called to Natal in the service of a merchant named Seth Abdulla .
Soon after arrival , he experienced in person the harsh treatment meted out to coloured people by the Whites .
There he also read Tolstoy ' s The Kingdom of God is within " You ' , and was deeply impressed by the latter ' s writings .
Gandhi returned to India on 19 December , 1914 and after an interrupted stay in Santiniketan in February - March , 1915 , collected his companions of Phoenix ' and established the Satyagraha Ashram in Ahmedabad city on 25 May , 1915 .
This was shifted in June , 1917 to the banks of the Sabarmati river opposite the city .
Between 1917 and 1918 , Gandhi participated in two movements in Champaran ( Bihar ) and Kaira ( Gujarat ) and in the labour dispute in Ahmedabad itself .
World War I ended on 11 November , 1918 ; and this was followed in India by the proposal of the Rowlatt Bills designed to curb the rising tide of sedition .
Gandhi reacted sharply against the oppressive measures and stood forth as the leader of the resurgent Indian nationalism .
From 1924 to 1929 , Gandhi devoted himself largely to the constructive programmes and undertook several ' satyagraha ' movements .
In 1924 he was elected president of the Indian National Congress .
Detailed studies have been undertaken on his philosophy of life and on his political , social , religious and economic ideas .
Gandhi has been looked upon by many primarily as a man of religion ; by others , as a leader of Indian nationalism .
He was very regular and methodical in his habits , and austere in his style of living .
Gandhi respected the sincere religious beliefs of every individual , and in his dealings with men and women he was deeply humane , and would do all to alleviate the sufferings of those who came to him for succour .
" A . I only want to state that when the proper time comes , I shall plead ' guilty ' so far as disaffection towards government is concerned .
It is true that I am the editor of Young India , that the articles read in my presence were written by me and that the proprietors and publishers permitted me to control the whole of the policy of the paper .
It was recorded in the proceedings that accused No . 1 did not wish to call any defence witnesses and that he had no objection if the trial in the Sessions Court proceeded without delay .
Accused No . 2 refused to call any defence witnesses and requested the court to take up the case soon .
The learned magistrate passed the following order under Section 213 :
" The accused have been charged with promoting sedition by certain articles published in Young India of which accused No . 1 is the editor and accused No . 2 the printer .
" I , L . N , Brown , Additional District Magistrate hereby charge you , Mohandas Kamrachand Gandhi as follows :
" That you being the editor of the paper young India on or about 29th day of September , 1921 , the 15th day of December , 1921 and the 23rd day of February , 1922 at Ahmedabad did write the words contained in the appendix to this charge and by these written words did bring or attempt to bring into hatred or contempt or did excite or did attempt to excite disaffection towards His Majesty or the government established by law in British India and thereby committed offences punishable under Section 124 - A of the Indian Penal Code and within the cognisance of the Court of Sessions .
The pent - up emotion of the people burst in a storm of sorrow as a long , slow procession moved towards him in a mournful pilgrimage of farewell , clinging to the hands that had toiled so incessantly , bowing over the feet that had journeyed so continuously in the service of his country .
The final scene of the trial yet remained : the farewell of friends and followers who , in single file , went past him and for each of whom Gandhiji had a kind word or a friendly jest .
The leave - taking took nearly an hour .
The military officers were waiting with a car for Gandhiji .
At about two o ' clock , Gandhiji entered the car with Kasturba , Pandit Malaviya , Banker and Mrs Naidu .
The anxious crowds standing outside the Circuit House attempted to shout their reverential cry of ' Mahatma Gandhi ki jai ' , but Gandhiji stopped it with a sign of his finger .
The curtain fell finally but only after India ' s message of truth and nonviolence had been recorded on the sheets of history .
Strangely one of the principal grounds advanced by the prosecution for rejecting bail applications and accepted by the magistrate was that the case had been started by the Government of India after due care and therefore the accused were in all likelihood guilty , and as such not entitled to bail .
The preliminary enquiry commenced before Mr Milner White , special magistrate , at the district court of Meerut .
In his opening address he emphasised the role of Moscow and the Third International in carrying on communist propaganda in India .
Giving a detailed description of the origin , objectives , organisation , methods and tactics of the Third International , he said that a large number of people connected with the Bolshevik movement had " indulged in ruthless bloodshed and a reign of terror " at the direction of the Third International . And according to the " programme of this body in Moscow , violence , bloodshed and civil war and reign of terror were unavoidable . "
In addition , the prosecution pointed out the role of various Moscow controlled and directed front agencies such as the Red International of Labour Unions , the National Minorities Movement and the League against Imperialism for furtherance of communism in India .
Besides stressing the subversive character of the Comintern in the entrire non - communist world , Mr James pointed out that the communists in Russia had oppressed their own people and were now bent on annihilating the social structure of India , notably the so - called national bourgeoisie .
They made vigorous efforts to capture the Trade Union Congress in 1927 and last year , they persistently adhered to the Moscow clique .
The sentences were reduced considerably .
Hutchinson and eight others were completely acquitted .
The High Court , taking into consideration the fact that the defendants had already been confined for more than four years , tried to be lenient .
In the Sessions Court the prosecution evidence took over 13 months . 3 .
The arguments continued for over four - and - a - half months . 6 .
The hearing of arguments started on 24th July , 1933 . 8 .
The trial was a farce throwing all established legal norms and procedures to the winds .
Sardar Bhagat Singh Bhagat Singh was born to Kishan Singh and Vidyavati at Banga in the Lyallpur district of the West Punjabi in 1907 ( exact date of birth is not known ) .
On completion of his primary education at the village school in Banga , Bhagat Singh was sent to the D . A . V . College at Lahore .
From 1923 to the time of his execution in 1931 , Bhagat Singh worked for the liberation of his motherland .
In 1925 he founded the Nav Jazvan Bharat Sabha at Lahore to inculcate a spirit of revolution among the youth .
He came in touch with other revolutionaries like Sukhdev , Yashpal , Chandra Shekhar Azad , Jatindra Nath Das and others , who were also working among the youth .
When the Simon Commission landed in Bombay on 3rd February , 1928 , the Congress gave a call of black flag demonstration against it .
Lala Lajpat Rai suffered grave bodily injuries . He succumbed to his injuries and , barely a fortnight after the incident , died on 17th November , 1928 .
Bhagat Singh took upon himself to avenge this national insult with ' blood for blood .
On 17th December , 1928 , Bhagat Singh with his two close associates , Rajguru and Azad , reached the office of Mr Scott , the Deputy Superintendent of Police .
Bhagat Singh and his comrades took their pre - planned positions in the office which was located in the Punjab Central Secretariat .
After some time , an Englishman came out of the office .
Jai Gopal , one of Bhagat Singh ' s comrades , mistook him for Mr Scott .
Actually he was J . P . Saunders , Assistant Superintendent of Police .
The moment Saunders started his motorcycle and rode out of the gate on to the road at 4.20 p . m . , at the awaited signal from Jai Gopal , Raj Guru fired at Saunders hitting him in the neck .
The nation rejoiced at Saunders ' shooting for it was not an act of terrorism or violence , but an act to vindicate the honour of Lala Lajpat Rai , and through him , that of the entire nation .
" Both Bhagat Singh and B . K . Dutt looked cheerful and kept smiling all along .
Contrary to the procedure in the court , they were seated handcuffed behind an iron railing on a bench .
Behind them , sat the jail official and some C . I . D . men . "
Eleven prosecution witnesses ( all belonging to the government ) were examined that day .
Not a single independent witness was there .
When the court rose for lunch , Bhagat Singh ' s family was allowed to meet him in the presence of police officials .
During the interview , Bhagat Singh was heard telling his father again and again that the government was bent on sending him to the gallows and that the father should not be anxious about him .
But , now the request was turned down with the court pleading that it was not bound to follow any precedent .
The statement ended with the slogan , ' Long Live the Revolution ' .
The hearing of the case ended on 10th June , 1929 and the judgment was announced on the 12th .
Delivering the judgment , the Sessions Judge charged :
" The accused admit throwing bombs in the Assembly chamber .
" They allege that the prosecution evidence regarding the seizure of the pistol is false , and that some of the prosecution evidence regarding the throwing of bombs is also false .
" They affirm that they hold human life sacred and state that they dropped the bombs as a protest and as a warning .
They had no grudge or malice against any one of the persons injured ; they refer to the damage caused by the bombs which they characterise as slight and affirm that it was their intention that no serious damage would result .
" I accept the direct and oral evidence produced before me as cogent proof that Bhagat Singh and Dutt , each threw bombs into the Assembly chamber , that Bhagat Singh fired a pistol and that Dutt scattered leaflets in the chamber .
The facts which are essential to the charges are that each of the accused threw a bomb and I find it proved that each of them did so .
It started on 10th July , 1929 .
In this case , 27 persons were involved .
Out of 27 , six were at large and could not be traced .
Of the remaining 18 , three were discharged under various Sections .
The remaining 15 , including Phonindra Nath Ghosh and Bhagat Singh , were put on trial .
The first two were found unreliable and the prosecution case rested mainly on the evidence of the remaining five approvers .
All the accused who stood trial were young .
They knew what was going to happen and hence decided not to take the case seriously and adopted an attitude of total indifference .
Various methods were devised by Bhagat Singh and his comrades to mock the court and its proceedings .
The tactics adopted by Bhagat Singh included singing of revolutionary songs , raising slogans during the proceedings with his comrades joining in and thus , obstructing the proceedings of the court , which , in their opinion , was just a farce .
" First charge : The accused No . 1C 58 Captain Shah Nawaz Khan , I / 14th Punjab Regiment , No . 1C 226 Captain P . K . Sehgal , 2 / 10th Baluch Regiment , and No.1C 336 Lt . Gurbaksh Singh Dhillon , 1 / 14th Punjab Regiment , all attached to C . S . D . I . C . ( i ) Delhi , Indian commissioned officers , charged with murder in Malaya , at Rangoon , in the vicinity of Popa , in the vicinity of Kyaukpadaung , and elsewhere in Burma , between the month of September , 1942 and the 26th day of April , 1945 did wage war against His Majesty the King Emperor of India .
" Second charge : Indian Army Act , Section 41 ( against the said Lt . Gurbaksh Singh Dhillon alone ) .
" Fourth charge : I . A . A . Section 41 ( against the said Lt . Gurbaksh Singh Dhillon alone ) .
Committing a civil offence , that is to say murder , contrary to Section 302 , I . P . C . in that he ( Lt . Dhillon ) at or near Popa Hill in Burma , on or about 16th March , 1945 , by causing the death of Duli Chand , did commit murder .
" Fifth charge : I . A . A . Section 41 ( against the said Captain P . K . Sehgal alone ) .
" Sixth charge : I . A . A . Section 41 ( against the said Lt . Gurbaksh Singh Dhillon alone ) .
Committing a civil offence , that is to say , murder contrary to Section 302 , I . P . C . in that he ( Lt . Dhillon ) at or near Popa Hill in Burma , on or about 6th March , 1945 , by causing the death of Daryao Singh , did commit murder .
In terms of language of the book on International Law , the liability is on the State under whose direction they fought , and such liability in International Law on the occasion of hostilities does not exist .
Of course , if a rebellion is successful , then it becomes a new government , and that is the end of it and the answer is given in my client ' s favour by International Law . "
Bhulabhai Desai went straight to the heart of the matter ( the subject people ' s right to revolt ) when he said , " In the situation in which an Indian finds himself , the question is under what circumstances and to what extent the question of allegiance can be raised at all , because once you divide the King from the country , it becomes a very difficult issue altogether tot any human being to decide , and hence I would prefer to rest my argument on the occurrences of 17th February .
" The position of an Indian in a case of this kind is difficult and I am going to submit to the court on first principle what its true solution is .
Where the King and the country coincide there is no question of an alternative .
If you fight against the King and also fight against the interests of your own country , the question does not arise but the question does arise where there is a fight for freedom , and I propose to read passages to show to what extent the world has progressed in the matter of the recognition of human rights .
When you are formally fighting to liberate the country , then the point is whether the question of allegiance can arise at all .
Unless you sell your own soul , how can you ever say that when you are fighting to liberate your own country , there is some other allegiance which prevents you from so doing ?
That means that , if that happens , there is nothing but permanent slavery . "
He continued that modern International Law had recognised the right of subject races , not at the moment independent , to so organise as to fight for their liberation .
Shri Asaf Ali , prominent advocate from Delhi assisted by Shri Jia Lal Kilam and other advocates appeared in court to defend Sheikh Abdullah .
Sheikh Abdullah delivered all his speeches in the Kashmiri language except for one which was in Urdu .
The prosecution relied on various extracts from the speeches as taken down in long hand by C . I . D . s , translated and submitted by them to the State government .
The complaint is quoted below which shows that incorrect translations were used to frame charges under Section 124 - A to silence the voice of the people and curb freedom movement in the State :
That the accused with the object and intention of bringing into hatred and contempt His Highness the Maharaja Bahadur and the Government of Jammu and Kashmir , as established by law , and with a view to exciting disaffection towards His Highness the Maharaja Bahadur and the Government of Jammu and Kashmir as established by law convened public meetings of the National Conference in different parts of Srinagar city and its suburbs on 9th , 10th , 13th , 14th and 16th of May , 1946 ( and in many other places as well ) in which he addressed the assembled people .
" Three parts of India are under the direct control of the British and one - fourth is indirectly under them .
In these parts , ten crore human beings live as slaves .
We will put an end to the rule of the Dogra Shahi . ( 14th May , I960 ) . " c ) And in his speeches of 16th May , 1946 , the following passages occur : " What do Hindus , Muslims and Sikhs of the State want ?
They do not want to fall prey to the life of luxury of Rajas and Maharajas .
Forty lakh people are falling prey to the luxury of one man .
" I address those Hindus who laud the Dogra Raj to tell them what this Raj is , Its foundation is built on shameful treachery .
Today in 1946 , I will take revenge of this shameful treachery from the descendants of Maharaja Gulab Singh .
Sheikh Muhammad Abdullah 181 " He prophesied that time will come when , from the graves of Kashmir the dead will rise from the coffins and shout ' Dogra Raj Murdabad ' .
No force , no conspiracy can keep these people in slavery .
" The decision for freedom from slavery has to be taken by us by our blood .
" Revolt is the right of a slave .
" After three hundred years , we will put an end to this Dogra Raj .
This is a , sacred war .
Exhort people to join this war .
Those who waste the wealth of the people earned by their blood and sweat on dogs and horses kre worse than tyrants .
It is the duty of every man to break away from their trap . " 3 .
The prosecution submitted that the above - men - tioned speeches in general and the particular passages noted , are calculated to bring into hatred and contempt and excite disaffection to - wards His Highness Maharaja Bahadur and the Government of Jammu and Kashmir as estab - lished by law and as such , come within the purview under Section 124 - A R . P . C . 4 .
That before , during and after the meeting , among other things slogans were raised as a direct consequence of excitement of feelings caused by the speeches .
These slogans have no other significance and effect except that of hatred and contempt against the ruler and the family . 5 .
The prosecution examined 26 witnesses in support of the charge .
Most of the witnesses were police and C . I . D . men and officers .
Some of them were not well versed in their knowledge of English language who took down the speeches and translated the same into English .
It was clear from the beginning that the State and the court were anyhow bent upon convicting Sheikh Abdullah .
The speeches were torn out of context and the entire prosecution was based on notes of such speeches .
Though badly translated , the speeches show the rare courage of a fighter who stood up to and spoke against British Raj and that of the Maharaja , his atrocities and misrule .
Sheikh Abdullah courageously admitted that he had made the inflammatory speeches and that he stood by what he said .
This has attracted the penal and preventive provisions of law .
Where law is not based on will of the people , it can lend itself to the suppression of their aspirations .
Such law has no moral validity even though it may be enforced for a while .
To that law I gladly submit arid that Tribunal I shall face with confidence and without fear , leaving it to history and posterity to pronounce their verdict on the claims I and my colleagues have made not merely on behalf of the four million people of Jammu and Kashmir , but also of the ninety - three million people of all the States of India .
That claim has not been confined to the people of a particular race , or religion or colour . It applies to all , for I hold that humanity as a whole is indivisible by such barriers and human rights must always prevail .
" Some allegations have been made that ' Quit Kashmir ' and the demand for the abrogation of the Treaty of Amritsar have communal or communist inspiration .
This is a travesty of fact and I deny and repudiate these allegations .
The National Conference is essentially a national organisation including in its fold all people who . agree with its objective and co - operate with the All India States People ' s Conference , with which it is affiliated .
It stands also for social and economic changes to end privileges and to raise the masses . "
While concluding his submission before the Sessions Court , Sheikh Abdullah uttered these memorable words :
" It is a small matter whether I am imprisoned and tried and convicted .
Then only shall we be worthy of the land we dwell in . "
His defence statement depicted the sorry plight of the people of Kashmir due to autocratic misrule by the Do - gras , who had bought the State and were misusing its revenue .
The public prosecutor submitted that the charges had been proved and that the Sheikh should be awarded the maximum punishment .
Mr Asaf Ali , defence counsel , made a memorable speech in defence .
He began : " For a variety of reasons , both instrinsic and extrinsic , this trial has become what will probably go down in history as a memorable trial , and particularly in the chequered history of Kashmir .
The importance which this case has acquired both in legal history and the hstory of this State , and I make bold to say also in the history of India as a whole , is fully reflected by the fact that great personalities of India like Mahatma Gandhi , Pandit Jawahar Lal Nehru , Maulana Abul Kalam Azad , Sardar Vallabhai Patel have somehow or the other been brought within the orbit of this case because they have taken interest in its development and successful defence .
It is a well - known fact that even His Excellency the Viceroy and His Highness , the Chancellor of the Chamber of Princes , were also apprised on the existence of this case and they have , it is believed , taken notice of it .
And as far as general public interest is concerned , the space which has been devoted to the reports of this case in the press is a fair measure of the deep interest the vast educated population of India has taken in it .
It is also a historic trial in this sense .
Sir , in it are involved deep fundamental issues .
It is not a simple case of sedition ; if it were a simple case of sedition , the prosecution themselves would have kept themselves strictly within the limits of the law of sedition and would have ended the case within three days .
It seemed to them to turn upon an issue which goes to the very root of the Constitution of the State .
In it is involved the great issue of the fundamental rights of the people , not only of this State but also of all the Indian States . "
Asaf Ali then attacked the prosecution witness and evidence :
" The prosecution here challenges this right of the people to raise their voice in assertion of their fundamental rights .
The entire essence of the speeches delivered by the accused from the 6th to the 16th is none else but this .
What is it that he is demanding ?
He is demanding a responsible and representative government , a government which is conducted by the people for the people .
Is this an unreasonable demand ?
Today , in this year 1946 , when the British cabinet has declared that India has the right to be free and if India elects to sever her connection with the British Empire she will be within her rights .
At a time the whole world is thinking in terms of the freedom of the people , is it a crime to say that basis of the government of this State should be the will of the people and not a treaty which is 100 - years old and which is impugnable in the highest international court of justice ?
It is the voice of human conscience .
It is the voice of the people .
Sheikh Abdullah is only a symbol of the people ' s undeniable aspirations and rights .
What he is saying now will be repeated time and again and it will go down in history .
Therefore , I maintain that if this is held to be a criminal utterance it will be a grave infringement of the rights of the people and of what is known in constitutional law as ' inherent sanction ' or the people ' s will . "
On relying upon the torn out - of - context sentences from the speeches by the prosecution , he said :
" Pausing upon some sentence is not the way to judge the effect of the speeches ; this principle has been upheld by your own Board of Judicial Advisors in a very recent judgment , in the case of Premnath Bazaz .
I shall only refer to the appropriate and relevant portion of this judgment .
It says , ' In considering the articles in question in the light of the above judicial pronouncements , it is necessary to remember the words of Fitzgerald J . in Reg . vs . Sullivan that they should be dealt with in a fair and liberal spirit , not picking out an objectionable sentence here or a strong word there or giving an undue importance to inflated and turbid language but looking at the real intention and spirit of the article ' .
" It is also to be remembered that mere abusive epithets , declamations , invectives , turbid language will not necessarily bring the writing in question under condemnation .
" What really counts is whether on perusal of the articles as a whole , one can come to the conclusion that they have the tendency to create a feeling of hatred or contempt or disaffection against the government established by law , in the mind of the ordinary average man who reads the newspaper . "
Then he analysed the language of Section 124 - A R . P . C . and said : " The language of Section 124 - A Ranjit Penal Code , if read literally , even with the explanations attached to it , would suffice to make a surprising number of persons in this country guilty of sedition ; no one however supposes that it is to be read in this literal sense .
What then are these general principles ?
We are content to adopt the words of a learned judge , which are to be found in every book dealing with this branch of the criminal law .
" Sedition embraces all those practices , whether by word , deed or writing , which are calculated to disturb the tranquility of the State and lead ignorant persons to subvert the government .
All these spheres constitute the biosphere .
In the biosphere , apart from human beings , plants , animals , birds , fishes and insects , micro - organisms ( such as algae , bacteria and virus ) also exist .
The atmosphere provides oxygen , while the hydrosphere and lithosphere are responsible for water , food and space .
Whenever a change , physical or chemical , occurs in the atmosphere and / or hydrosphere as well as the lithosphere , all living beings get affected .
This change is termed as pollution and the agents that institute these changes are called pollutants .
It was only after the industrial revolution that pollution slowly increased .
This in turn has endangered man as well as the flora and fauna around him .
In Singapore noise has caused a variety of physical and psychological stresses .
Suicides and fits of madness in overcrowded apartments are often attributed to neighbour ' s radios , construction machinery and traffic noise .
The day is not far when we in India may face a similar situation .
The prime cause of pollution is the growing population .
An increase of 2.4 billion just within two decades has led to the fast depletion of resources and generation of more wastes .
With all sorts of pollution around , man continues to live without sparing any thought for it .
- Flakt None can forget one of the most tragic industrial accidents that occurred at Bhopal on 3 December , 1984 .
Deadly gas from a chemical plant operated by Union Carbide escaped into the atmosphere , killing over 4,000 local residents and rendering blind and crippling a large section of the city ' s surviving population .
Not only Bhopal but now every city , every town , every corner of the earth is facing such a crucial problem .
Every day , every moment we breathe polluted air to become a victim of air pollution .
A man can live without food for a month , without water for two or three days , but he cannot live without breathing even for a minute .
It is estimated that an average adult male exchanges 15 kg of air a day , in comparison to about 1.5 kg of the food consumed and 2.5 kg of water intake .
It is obvious that the quantum of pollutants that enter our body through respiration would be manifold in comparison to those taken in through polluted water or contaminated food .
Air is a mixture of gases comprising 78 per cent nitrogen , 21 per cent oxygen and a little less than 1 per cent argon , together with 0.03 per cent carbon dioxide .
As long as this composition is maintained , the air is pure .
A major reason for the increase in air pollution is the rising number of motor vehicles and the two coal - based thermal power plants that operate within city limits .
Of the total emission load of around 2,090 tonnes per day , about 1,320 tonnes ( 60 per cent of total emission ) are due to automobile exhaust , with the result that the wide roads of Delhi are choked .
The gravest of all the effects is the settlement of exhaust fumes , especially during winter months , causing severe respiratory disorders . "
The severity of air pollution at Calcutta is in no way lesser than that of other cities .
Calcutta is considered one of the most polluted cities in the world .
The ambient air of Calcutta contains the highest SPM of 410 hg / m in comparison to 360 hg / m in Teheran , 255 hg / m in Athens and 23 hg / m in London .
Madras too is one of the four metropolises to suffer the consequence of polluted air , though the greatest effect can be felt in north Madras where the industries are clustered .
Hyderabad is severely affected by polluted air with massiv . e clouds of smoke and exhaust fumes spreading over 194 sq kms of the city and its neighbourhood .
The quantity of pollutants discharged by automobile exhausts is estimated to be about 450 tonnes per day and the sky is always grey , such that a resident of the city cannot see the stars clearly even with the aid of a telescope .
An interesting point to note is that the amount of lead in blood is higher in smokers than in non - smokers .
Among the particulate pollutants asbestos needs a special mention .
The use of asbestos has increased severalfolds during the last 30 years .
Used primarily as roofing material for buildings , and for insulating brake and clutch linings in automobiles , asbestos content in the air has also increased .
Another dreaded disease caused by polluted air ( containing dust particles ) is silicosis .
Silicosis is the most common dust - related disease .
Workers in mines , and in industries like that of pottery , ceramics , granite carving and sand blasting , run a risk of contacting this disease which in the early stages shows no subjective symptoms but gradually leads to cough and shortness of breath .
Silicosis is often combined with tuberculosis .
Effects on Plants Air pollutants affect the plants directly through the leaves and stems .
This indirect attack is through the roots when solids acidified with pollutants are absorbed .
They interact with other plant stresses such as frost or drought and aggravate the condition .
Trees and shrubs are reportedly drying in the gardens of the Imperial Palace in Japan .
In northern Bohemia , Federal Republic of Czechoslovakia , polluted air from the brown - coal belt has caused blight in agricultural areas and has heavily damaged forests .
There are three pollutants of prime concern to agriculturists , viz . sulphur dioxide , fluorine compounds and smog .
When only a few cells are injured , a portion of the leaf becomes brownish red in colour or the original green colour becomes bleached .
This effect is known as chlorosis .
In the same year he echoed the sentiment in a famous song which is today the national anthem of India .
All the pain and suffering , the bereavements and rebuffs , the struggles and mortifications , both in the world outside and in his mind , which Rabindranath , who had begun his career as a carefree singer , went through in the first decade of this century were finally resolved and sublimated in the songs that poured forth from his full and chastened heart in 1909 and 1910 and published as Gitanjali in the latter year .
Fifty - one of these 157 songs were later translated by him into English and published in the English book of that name which made him world - famous .
They are too well - known to need any introduction or commentary here .
Ornaments would mar our union ; they would come between Thee and me ; their jingling would drown our whispers . "
Love of God and love of man , strength in sorrow and humility in joy , an innocent wonder that hides centuries of thought , invest these songs with an appeal that is both universal and perennial .
The very first song ( of the original Bengali volume ) strikes the keynote of the poet ' s mood : " May I never celebrate myself in my achievement !
Dr Rosalie Bestell views this problem from another angle .
She suggests that depletion of the ozone layer is a direct consequence of space probes and not just due to chlorofluorocarbons ( CFC ) released by aerosol cans and the refrigeration industry .
She says that every time a rocket is fired into space , 70 - 150 tonnes of chlorine is dumped in the atmosphere .
In the eighties , about 500 rockets and space shuttles were sent up every year ; by 1989 , the figure had reached 1,500 .
Thinning of the ozone layer could also be due to the presence of oxides of nitrogen , especially nitric oxide which is discharged from supersonic aircraft and from automobile exhausts .
Extensive use of nitrates as fertilisers leads to the production of large quantities of nitrous oxide which subsequently gets converted into nitric oxide .
Nitric oxide attacks the ozone ( 03 ) to convert it into oxygen .
It is reported that the doubling of chlorofluorocarbons will warm the globe by 0.5C and lead to the severe consequences already discussed ,
There are 66 thermal power stations in India which generate about 30 - 40 million tonnes of fly ash per annum or 1 lakh tonnes per day .
With the expected increase in power plants and their capacity , the tonnage of fly ash is estimated to reach about 3.5 lakhs tonnes a day .
Such enormous amounts of fly ash should not be wasted , but converted into useful materials .
Research is being carried out to convert the fly ash into Portland - Pozzolona cement , concrete blocks , bricks and cellular concrete .
Old engines and equipments increase the quantum of smoke and fumes .
These have to be either set right or if possible , replaced with new ones .
It must be made mandatory that each and every industry likely to pollute air must install air pollution control equipments such as arresters , scrubbers and filters .
Thermal power plants and other industries releasing fly ash need to incorporate electrostatic precipitators in their process stream itself .
Mere adoption of pollution control measures is not enough .
The Bhopal gas tragedy , described as the ' catastrophe of the century ' , claimed over 4,000 lives and maimed many thousands .
Several thousands lost their eyesight .
Who is to be blamed for such a catastrophe ?
How did such a tragic accident occur ?
The lethal methyl isocyanate ( MIC ) that had sneaked from the storage tanks of Union Carbide ' s pesticide manufacturing unit was the culprit .
The leaking MIC mingled with the ambient air and poisoned it .
The poisoned air sprawled and spread its tentacles to hook the lives of human beings , cattle and birds in the vicinity of the Union Carbide factory .
Years have rolled by but the spectre of terror still remains with the people of Bhopal .
A report from the Indian Council of Medical Research reveals that the sufferings of the afflicted continue unabated .
The pH is an index of hydrogen ion concentration of the liquid .
Water with a pH less than 7 tends to be acidic while water of pH above 7 is alkaline .
The pH range of acid rain - water is between 2 - 5 .
Thus water with pH 4 is more corrosive ( 10 times ) than water with pH 5 .
Water of pH 3 is still more corrosive ( 100 times ) than water having a pH 5 .
If this is the case then one can imagine the corrosive nature of acid rain with a pH ranging between . 2 and 3 .
The lowest pH value recorded for a storm in northeastern United States was 2.1 , during November 1964 .
The lowest ever recorded in Europe was 2.4 , which was reported to be as acidic as vinegar in Pittochry , a Scottish highland town .
Still lower pH value of 1.5 was observed during 1983 at Wheeling in West Virginia , United States .
In India , rainfall with a pH of 4.8 was recorded at Greater Bombay during 1974 - 75 .
The problem in most of our cities is that the old power plants have not yet installed high chimneys and continue to emit sulphur dioxide ; nitrogen oxides remain even more difficult to control , and the problem of acid rain continues to worsen .
What has taken human kind decades to build and Nature millennia to evolve is being impoverished and destroyed in a matter of a few years . "
Harmful Effects of Acid Rain On land , acid rain can , retard the growth of crops and plants , damage forests and pose a potential respiratory health hazard to humans .
In Germany , Switzerland and Sweden , about half of the natural forests are dead or are dying and about 60 per cent of the trees in Britain show signs of decay .
In agriculture these chemicals are used to protect plants against pests and diseases and to treat seeds .
These pesticides , developed during the past three decades only , though being useful to mankind , have led to a plethora of environmental problems .
DDT has saved many lives by killing mosquitoes that carry malaria and other diseases . But , when DDT accumulates in the bodies of fish , birds , and other wildlife , it acts as a pollutant .
To increase agricultural production , a broad spectrum of pesticides was introduced which resulted in the resurgence of pests with more resistance .
Hence , it became inevitable to use excess of pesticides and this in turn led to widespread occurrence of pesticide residues in almost all agricultural products .
The presence of pesticidal residues in vegetables , milk , breast - milk , fish and meat have been detected .
Samples of food and water reveal residue levels far exceeding the maximum permissible limits permitted The most commonly used pesticides are either organo - chlorine compounds or organophosphorous compounds .
Most of them are also soluble in fats . Thus there is a steady increase in the accumulation of these pesticides in the food chain .
Toxic Metals : This category includes metals such as mercury , cadmium , lead , chromium , copper and arsenic , and each will be discussed separately .
Only in very recent years have people woken up to the threat posed by mercury poisoning in the atmosphere .
Natural waters contain only a few parts per billion of mercury .
Mercury enters the biosphere as a waste product during the production of chlorine when mercury is used as an electrode in the electrolysis of brine .
Apart from the oil refineries , plastic and battery manufacturing industries also contribute to mercury pollution .
The dangers of exposure to mercury were reported during the nineteenth century when hat - makers were found developing peculiar symptoms of quiver and slurring of speech which gave rise to the phrase ' mad as a hatter ' .
Due to exposure to large quantities of mercury , hat - makers became susceptible to impairment of the central nervous system .
In the early fifties hundreds of people died of mercury poisoning at Minamata in Japan .
Minamata , a small picturesque town , evinced a disease called by its name ' Minamata disease ' that devoured scores of men and women and children .
The disease , a strange ailment of the people ' s nervous system claimed 400 lives initially during 1950 .
Above the yonder mansion in the west the half moon is dreaming and within my mind I hear the call of a flute from far away . " Again , " Now is the time to set the boat afloat on the waters . Ah me , the weariness of waiting on the bank is intolerable . . . "
At last on 27 May 1912 , Rabindranath sailed for London , accompanied by his son Rathindranath and daughter - in - law , Pratima .
Rothenstein had visited India in 1910 and had come to know the artist - brothers , Abanindranath and Gaganendranath , during his stay in Calcutta .
I felt an immediate attraction , and asked whether I might draw him , for I discovered an inner charm as well as great physical beauty , which I tried to set down with my pencil .
A city ' s water supply usually comes from a distant location , but its sewage enters nearby waterways .
The oxidisable and fermentable components present in sewage cause a depletion of dissolved oxygen in the receiving water .
Deficiency of oxygen leads to the production of a strong stench .
The presence of large quantities of suspended matter causes serious problems because it gets deposited on the river - bed or behind weirs as sludge .
When the suspended matter is of highly organic nature , putrefaction sets in .
As a result , the solid wastes with objectionable odour are buoyed up by gas to float on the water surface .
The pathogenic bacteria cause cholera , typhoid fever and shigella dysentery .
London ' s history provides a classic example .
Sewage turned the river Thames into a mass of filth , with 20,000 people dying in cholera outbreaks in 1849 and 1853 .
During the same period , typhoid epidemics hit many cities in the USA .
Agricultural Pollutants in Water Sewage is not the only source of excess nutrients in surface waters .
Modern techniques employed in agriculture and use of a broad spectrum of synthetic fertilisers and pesticides have contributed much to environmental degradation , especially to water pollution .
Chemical fertilisers are also often washed out of the soil by rain .
They eventually drain into streams and rivers where they nourish the algae as effectively as they would have nourished the farmer ' s crops .
The three major pollutants under this category are fertilisers ; pesticides and farm animal wastes .
In recent years there has been an increased use of fertilisers .
Fertilisers generally contain one or more of the plant nutrientsnitrogen , phosphorous and potassium .
Application of excess fertilisers than what is required is washed and ultimately joins water courses .
Among the fertilisers , nitrates cause undesirable effects on rivers and lakes .
The Sea of Galilee ( Lake Kinneret ) , fed by the river Jordan , provides one - third of water supply of Israel .
Nitrates from the agricultural areas along the Jordan have been flowing into the lake and causing eutrophication .
Same is true of detergent phosphates which pass through the sewage systems to break down to phosphorous .
Eutrophication is the enrichment of nutrient salts and development of a richer and more varied flora .
The process is sometimes referred to as ' algal bloom ' when the predominant aquatic plant is algae .
These excessive growths later decay to produce foul odours , with a resultant increase in the demand for oxygen .
About 50 - 70 per cent of phosphorous flowing into lakes and rivers of the USA each year , comes from the breakdown of detergent phosphates .
Even in Europe , Lake Constance is beset with this problem where a 2,500 per cent increase in phosphorous since 1920 has led to depletion of two - thirds of its oxygen .
Increase in the number of cattle and poultry has also been a cause for water pollution .
The wash - waters from cattle sheds and poultry farms contain phosphates , organic matter , bacteria and other micro - organisms which over the years cause eutrophication .
A typical example is the distillery .
Another major contributor is electroplating wastes which are normally stored inside the factory premises .
Though stored in the premises , the wastes percolate through the soil and heavily contaminate the adjoining wells . The major menace is the discharge of effluents over land .
These obscene conditions are prevalent where tanneries and textile processing units are clustered .
For instance , at Ambur in Tamil Nadu such a sight is very common .
One who travels in that area can see the frothy colourful pools of effluents stagnating on either side of the road and emanating a foul odour .
These pools along with small streams of effluents running over agricultural lands , have rendered unfit more than 1,000 wells which were once the chief sources for agriculture and drinking .
When Tagore arrived in London where he hardly knew any one else , almost the first thing he did was to call up Rothenstein and , knowing his interest in his poems , gave him the notebook in which he had scribbled his translations .
' That evening , " writes Rothenstein , " I read the poems .
Here was poetry of a new order which seemed to me on a level with that of the great mystics .
What Yeats felt about these poems he has himself recorded in the Introduction he wrote for the first limited edition of Gitanjali published by the India Society of London . " I have carried the manuscript of these translations about with me for days , reading it in railway trains , or on the top of omnibuses and in restaurants , and I have often had to close it lest some stranger would see how much it moved me . "
Yeats ' appreciation of the poems encouraged Rothenstein ' to call a few friends at his Hampstead house on the evening of 30 June when Yeats read out the poems to a choice gathering of distinguished writers .
It was here that Tagore first met C . F . Andrews who became his lifelong friend and associate .
Andrews who was at that time a missionary attached to the Cambridge Brotherhood has left his record of that memorable evening : " I walked back along the side of Hampstead Heath with H . W . Nevinson but spoke very little .
I wanted to be alone and think in silence of the wonder and glory of it all .
When I had left Nevinson I went across the Heath . The night was cloudless and there was something of the purple of the Indian atmosphere about the sky .
Reviewing the poems after the publication of Gitanjali , Ezra Pound wrote : " It is a little over a month since I went to Mr Yeats ' rooms and found him much excited over the advent of a great poet , someone ' greater than any of us . '
It is hard to tell where to begin . . . We have found our new Greece , suddenly .
As the sense of balance came back upon Europe in the days before the Renaissance , so it seems to me does this sense of a saner stillness come now to us in the midst of our clangour of mechanisms . . .
And this is in sharp contrast with the western mode , where man must be shown attempting to master nature if we are to have ' great drama ' .
It is in contrast to the Hellenic representation of man , the sport of the gods , and both in the grip of destiny . . . When I leave Mr Tagore I feel exactly as if I were a barbarian clothed in skins , and carrying a stone war - club .
" Briefly , I find in these poems a sort of ultimate common sense , a reminder of one thing and forty things which we are ever likely to lose sight of in the confusion of our Western life , in the racket of our cities , in the jabber of manufactured literature , in the vortex of advertisement .
" If these poems have a flawI do not admit that they have but if they have quality that will put them at a disadvantage with the ' general reader , ' it is that they are too pious .
Yet I have nothing but pity for the reader who is unable to see that their piety is the poetic piety of Dante , and that it is very beautiful . "
Tagore , however , was not in England when Gitanjali was published .
Though his stay in England during this visit was not long a little over four months it was very hectic and fruitful , thanks to Rothenstein and the warm affection he received from his other British acquaintances and friends .
Among other celebrities , he met Bernard Shaw , H . G . Wells , Bertrand Russell , John Galsworthy , Robert Bridges , John Masefield , Sturge Moore , W . H . Hudson and Stopford Brooke .
He himself was much struck by " the breadth of view and the rapidity of thought that he found among his new friends , " and said , " Those who know the English only in India do not know Englishmen . "
Rothenstein proposed to the India Society that they should print for its members a selection of Tagore ' s poems for which Yeats agreed to write an Introduction .
It was thus that Gitanjali was first published in English in a limited edition of 750 copies before Macmillans of London brought out a popular edition .
Traffic noise , blaring horns , loudspeakers that shatter the air , and film songs or even religious songs and discourses cause needless noise pollution in a city .
Three major sources of noise pollution are :
Transportation ( surface and air traffic ) .
Community activities ( entertainment , construction works , etc . ) .
Industrial noise , particularly from mechanical saws and pneumatic drills , can become unbearable and prove a nuisance to the public .
The main menace of noise is the transport system .
A recent aspect of aeroplane noise is the sonic boom .
It causes significant damage to property besides giving a fright to humans and animals .
According to Kryter ( 1970 ) , noise causes heart output to decrease with fluctuations in arterial blood pressure and vaso - constriction of peripheral blood vessels .
Mention must be made about ' startle reaction ' in which a sudden and high intensity pulse of sound affects the nervous system and the psycho - motor performance .
Even our optical system is not spared .
Pupillary dilation , impairment of night vision and decrease in the rate of colour perception are some of the adverse effects of noise .
Noise affects sleep and work performance , especially of watch - repairers and others where precision is called for .
For example , noise from a fan can be reduced by increasing the number of blades or by decreasing the rotational speed without reduction in the air flow .
It is high time we took stock of the situation to act in a manner that would make life more liveable on this planet for our future generations .
Obviously man wants to survive and to do that he must have ' breathable air and drinkable water ' .
He must have clear blue skies and clean streams and unspoilt forests .
Environment is the priceless gift of Nature .
Protection of environment and maintenance of ecological balance is our prime duty .
We must keep the earth lush green so that we all can live together in an environment free from pollution .
We have to protect our environment to protect ourselves .
Otherwise the day is not far when man himself may become an endangered species !
As far as an uninitiated person can , guess from a translation , that does not seem to be an exaggeration .
It is certain , however , that no poet in Europe since the death of Goethe in 1832 can rival Tagore in noble humanity , in unaffected greatness , in classical tranquillity . "
No two regions could be more different from one another than the tropical lowlands of Bengal and the snow - capped highlands of Scandinavia , in physical climate and social environments .
No less profound was the impression made by these poems on a young and unknown lad of fifteen in the even more remote region of Iceland , who was to win much later a Nobel Prize for himselfthe distinguished novelist , Halldor Laxness . Recalling this impression he writes , " This strange , distant and subtle voice at once found its way to the very depths of my youthful spiritual ear ; and ever since , at given moments , I feel its presence in the innermost labyrinths of my mind , . .
What an enviable god , this god of Tagore : the Great Friend , the Beloved , the Lotos flower , the unknown man playing a lute in the boat yonder on the river ! . . .
Nowadays our god in the west is either the director of the Big All World Firm Inc . , or the primitive imaginary playmate of the childish mind .
He is the one we cry to in the hours of precipitate danger and in the hour of our death .
This is why a spiritual reality like Tagore ' s probably shall remain only one more eastern wonder to the western mind yet for a long long time to come . "
THIS long sojourn in the West helped to broaden Tagore ' s sympathies which were already broad enough , and deepened his understanding of the intellectual and spiritual urges that have spurred the western mind to great achievement .
The six days that Gandhi spent in Santiniketan during this visit laid the foundation of a lifelong friendship between him and Tagore , two makers of modern India , and brought into relief the obvious contrasts as well as the veiled kinship between their personalities and the dynamics of their idealism .
Beneath the mask of what seemed contrary was a kinship so deep and subtle that only they themeselves were aware of it , barring a few common friends and admirers of exceptional sensibility , like an Andrews or a Jawaharlal Nehru .
The so - called disciples or " devout followers " of both saw mostly the grimace in the mask and not eh smile concealed behind it .
In his characteristic , matter - of - fact and practical manner , Gandhi looked around , made friends with all , put his finger on the weak spots and taught the inmates of the asrma how to implement their own ideals better .
He told them that they must do wholly without hired labour and take upon themselves the responsibility of keeping the asrama clean , as they kept their own bodies , clean , and of running all its services including the cooking of food , washing dishes , etc .
The young are always drawn to new adventures and both the pupils and the teachers warmly welcomed Gandhi ' s advice .
When Tagore was told of it , he smiled and said that the experiment contained the key to Swaraj .
And so on 10 March 1915 the experiment was launched .
On the following day Gandhi left for Rangoon .
That the experiment did not last very long surprised neither Gandhi nor Tagore .
Tagore knew that whatever he did would seem wrong in die eyes of some of his countrymen , that he would never cease to be maligned for his radicalism and reviled for his conservatism .
He knew it and yet was hurt by public criticism .
He would not learn the politician ' s art of wooing die public and yet felt sorry that he could not win die hearts of his people who never forgave him for not sharing their superstitions , the biggest of which was the patriotic delusion that diey were God ' s chosen people .
However brave the reflections in his writings on the vanity of fame or popular goodwill , Tagore was in fact vulnerable to unjust criticism , and often die criticism was unjust , if not malicious .
I had been suffering for a time from deep depression and weariness .
But 1 am sane and sound again , and willing , to live another hundred years , if critics would spare me .
At that time I was physically tired ; therefore the least hurt assumed a proportion that , was perfectly absurd .
However , I am glad that there is still that child in me who has its weakness for the sweets of human approbation .
I must not feel myself too far above my critics .
After his address to the Academy the Archbishop of Upsala said , " The Nobel Prize for literature is intended for the writer who combines in himself the artist and the prophet .
None has fulfilled these conditions better than Rabindranath Tagore . "
The strain , physical and emotional , of the German tour affected his health and he longed to return to India to the quite of Santiniketan .
Later , as the acquaintance ripened , his admiration of Tagore knew no bounds .
" Rabindranath Tagore is the greatest man I have had the privilege to know , " he wrote in 1930 .
" He is very much greater than his world reputation and his position in India imply .
He was deeply impressed , not only with the warm affection with which the common citizens welcomed him but with their genuine interest in philosophical and metaphysical problems .
From Germany Tagore went to Vienna to give two lectures and then to Prague where his visit led to a warm personal friendship with the eminent indolgists , M . WWinternitz and V . Lesny , both of whom were later invited by him as Visiting Professors at Visva - Bharati .
Prof . Lesny was the first foreign scholar to translate Tagore ' s writings from the original Bengali , He also wrote a biography of the poet which was later translated and published in English .
Because of these contacts and friendships Tagore retained a very warm affection for Czechoslovakia .
But though the visit was stimulating , he was tired and homesick and returned to India in July 1921 , after an absence of nearly fourteen months .
If he imagined that he was returning to peace and quiet , he was soon to be disillusioned .
The play opens with die King and citizens of Uttarakut preparing to participate in a festival in honour of the Machinevery proud of their achievement and heedless of its consequences to die poor people whose lands would be deprived of water .
The Crown Prince , however , professes open sympadiy with die subject people and rebels against die callousness of his own country .
His character provides the main psychological interest of the play , his love of freedom and justice involving him in a conflict of loyalties .
He succeeds .
The socio - political motif of the play , such there is , seems to dissolve at the end in an undefined sense of mystic exaltation , as in some of Ibsen ' s later plays .
The author has reintroduced in the play that remarkable character , the Ascetic Dhananjaya , prototype of Mahatma Gandhi , who first appeared in his drama Prayaschitta ( Atonement ) , published in 1909 .
In that play as in the present one , Dhananjaya exhorts the subject people to resist the ruler ' s unjust claims - nonviolently and fearlessly .
He risked unpopularity at home and suffered ridicule and jeers for his faith in One World long before that faith became a world - fashion .
A greater sacrifice was the risk he took in exposing his creative leisure and spiritual poise to the clamour of the market place .
Would the glare of limelight help to blossom or to wither the sensitive plant so far nurtured in the protective shade of comparative obscurity ?
The poet was losing to the prophet , the singer to the preacher , the devotee to the missionary .
The " endless meaning in the narrow span of a song " was dissolving in the endless preaching over the wide span of the world .
He was sensitive and sincere enough to be now and then haunted by an awareness of this predicament , as is evident in the following passage ( which reads almost like a confession ) from a letter to Andrews written from Chicago ( 26 February 1921 ) :
" When I came to this world I had nothing but a reed given to me , which was to find its only value in producing music .
I left my school , I neglected my work , but I had my reed and I played on it ' in mere idle sport . '
All along I had one playmate , who also in His play produced music , among leaves , in rushing water , in silence of stars , in tears and laughter rippling into lights and shadows in the stream of human life .
He was personal , reminiscent and friendly , and though he was as usual blunt and forthright in his opposition to war , national rivalries and the fetish of indiscriminate worship of material progress , he soon disarmed hostile criticism and won over many a progressive intellectual .
Tagore returned to India in the latter half of July via Japan where he stayed for about six weeks and gave several lectures .
His visit to China and Japan led to the first conscious attempt in the history of Asia to formulate the idea of Asian Unity by the organisation of an Asiatic Association in Shanghai in September of the same year .
Reporting thiseventthe Christian Science Monitor of Boston wrote : " There is on foot an important movement to establish Asiatic concord through the common culture of Asiatic nations . . . It has been stimulated by the recent visit to the Far East of Rabindranath Tagore , who preached the doctrine of idealism opposed to western materialism .
The new feeling is shown in the formation of Asiatic Associations in the principal centres , thefirst of which is located in Shanghai . . . Inspiration for the movement is acknowledged to Tagore whose teachings permeate the issued declarations . "
Surprisingly enough , no mention was made of Tagore at this latter conference held in his own land .
Politicians have short memories .
Hardly two months at home , then again to the other side of the world .
The occasion was an invitation from the Republic of Peru to attend the centenary celebrations of her attainment of independence .
Amused , the lovely one smiled , " Come , let ' s exchange !
Take my flowers for your fruit of pain rich with tears ! "
I looked at her and knew that she was ruthless in her beauty .
Lightly she picked up my load of fruit and clapped her hands and laughed .
Her abundance of flowers I held to my heart .
The sun climbed to the mid - sky and the heat was great .
Sixteen years later , shortly before his death , the memory was still fresh and the poet , now aged and ailing and waiting for the end , enshrined it in one of his last poems ( Sesh Lekha ) :
How I wish I could once again find my way to that foreign land where waits for me the message of love !
The dreams of yesterday will wing their way back and fluttering softly build their nest a new ,
The death of this gifted brother who had been his friend and guide during the critical years of adolescence , moved him deeply , though he kept his feelings to himself .
He had suffered so many bereavements that death had ceased to be a stranger .
Tagore received him , as usual , with great cordiality and respect , and when he led him to his room which had been tastefully decorated with fresh leaves and flowers , the Mahatma smiled and asked , " Why bring me to this bridal chamber ? "
Gandhi ' s visit both failed and succeeded in its purpose .
If he had hoped to convince Tagore that the charkha was or could ever be anything more than one of the many necessary crafts in an undeveloped village economy , he must have disappointed .
On the other hand , each such meeting and exchange of views , even if only a conflict of views , forged a deeper bond between the two . Whatever the seeming clash between their temperaments and their outlooks , their spirits always met as in a " bridal chamber " .
Tagore wrote a personal letter assuring him that " even if you have hit me hard in the cause of what you think is Truth , our personal relationship based upon mutual respect will bear the strain . "
There was a deep - rooted prejudice in the Indian society , whether Hindu or Muslim , against the public appearance of women on the stage .
With the staging of this play in Calcutta in January 1927 , Tagore made a bold assault on this prejudice by recruiting the entire cast from among girl students of his own university and ladies of good families , all of whom he himself trained and rehearsed .
PARTLY flattered by Mussolini ' s courtship and partly curious to see for himself this colourful personality and its impact on an ancient and lively culture , Tagore accepted an invitation from Italy and sailed for Naples on 15 May 1926 .
As he himself put it , " It is for me to study and not criticise from outside .
I am glad of this opportunity to see for myself the work of one who is assuredly a great man and a movement that will certainly be remembered in history . "
That Fascism will be remembered in history , there is little doubt .
That the Duce was " a great man " was an illusion which Tagore temporarily shared with many shrewd and seasoned politicians of the time .
On arrival in Naples he was received by the chief officials of the city with a message of welcome from Mussolini .
On 7 June the Governor of Rome held a public reception in the capital where he conveyed to the poet the greetings of the Eternal City .
The German tour was once again hectic and he received large ovations everywhere and was received by President Hindenburg .
The linden tree he was made to plant in the park attached to the sanatorium is still cherished as a relic of his visit .
But he could not stay for long and had soon to resume his tour .
After crowded receptions and lecture engagements in Belgrade , Sofia , Bucharest and Athens where the Greek Government decorated him with the " Order of the Redeemer , " he visited Cairo .
The Egyptian Parliament , then in session , was adjourned in his honour and King Fuad presented him with a set of Arabic books for Visva - Bharati .
One would imagine that after this long and hectic tour during which his health had broken down more than once , the poet would have been content to enjoy the seclusion and peace of Santiniketan for which he had longed so much .
Peace and glory are rarely found together and when they meet , they soon part company .
In Java he met , among others , the late President Soekarno , then a compartively unknown revolutionary youth .
His visit was fruitful in restoring a cultural link that had been snapped for ' centuries and attracted many Indonesian students to Visva - Bharati University and led to the adaptation by Santiniketan artists of the Indonesian technique of batik designing and dyeing which has since spread to many parts of India .
After a short visit to Thailand where he delivered a lecture on Education at the University in Bangkok , he returned to India in December , in time to preside over the annual celebrations at Santiniketan .
Once again he prepared to leave for abroad on receipt of an invitation from Oxford University to deliver the Hibbert Lectures , but the voyage had to be abandoned as he fell ill on arrival in Madras .
After a week ' s rest at Adyar as the guest of Annie Besant and a few more days in the pleasant climate of Coonoor , he sailed for Ceylon hoping to recoup his health sufficiently to take a boat from there to England .
On the way he landed at Pondicherry to visit Sri Aurobindo Ghosh whom he had known in his earlier days of revolutionary political activity .
Today I saw him seated in the poise of calm wisdom , and I repeated in silence , Aurobindo , accept the salutation of Rabindra . "
He stayed in Colombo for ten days , but as there was no visible improvement in health , he gave up all hope of sailing for England and returned to the mainland , resting for three weeks in Bangalore as the guest of his old friend , the learned philosopher Sir Brajendranath Seal , Vice - Chancellor of the Mysore University .
Then came the blow .
I shivered and asked in fear : What more ?
Is the final thunderbolt yet to fall ?
It fell Could this be all ?
Nothing more ?
My fear fell from me .
When your thunderbolt loomed above , you seemed so much bigger than I . When you came down to strike me , you shrunk to my level and I ceased to shrink .
Big you may be , but not bigger than death .
It ' s I who am now bigger than death .
Let this be my last word . "
Whatever the affliction and Rabindranath had his full share he never succumbed to morbidity which he considered as a disease of the mind worse than any disease of the body .
Sorrow and defeat were part of life and must be accepted with manly dignity .
The cult of growling when balked or of whining like a beaten cur in which some poets have vented their pride or sought their solace was repugnant to his nature .
Such sentimentalism as he sometime indulged in was provoked by his pity for others , pity for life , but rarely by self - pity .
His most dominant feeling was his love of life , his philosophy was but an affirmation of it .
The joy of living and exercising his sensibilities was to him a gift divinely dispensed for which he never ceased to be grateful .
The night has waned and the world ' s petals unfold .
On the bark of this noble tree are inscribed The music of this wheel revolving and rolling onward , invisibly , inaudibly , had never ceased to fascinate him .
He looks back on the past , and there she stands , his beloved Muse , the ever varied , ever - beckoning Guardian Angel of his life .
Must he still keep on pouring himself out and be emptied completely ?
This and many other poems , some reminiscent , some pensive , some exultant , including the angry one named " A Question " , referred to above , written on a variety of subjects and instinct with mellowed wisdom that come from conquered sorrow , were published as Parisesh ( The End ) in 1932 .
As the title indicates , he thought that they marked the end of his creative career .
But in fact they marked only the end of a phase which had begun eighteen years earlier , in 1914 , with , Balaka .
It was a majestic phase which had begun and ended splendidly .
Another phase was to begin of which he had a premonition in the poem cited above where he saw his Muse , the smiling lady half - veiled , waiting with an empty basket in her hand .
As though the ageing poet had suddenly recovered his prime of life , he was seized with passion to explore new ground , to strike music out of prose , to exploit the rhythmic possibilities of this pedestrain , utilitarian medium .
However hardy rugged and uneven the ground , he would make his Muse trip over it as gracefully and with - as much abandon as over the loveliest meadow .
This he did superbly in the four volumes : Punascha ( Postscript , 1932 ) , Sesh Saptak ( Last Melodies , 1935 ) , Patraput ( Plate of Leaves , 1936 ) , and Syamali ( The Dark Green One , 1936 ) .
The urge to preach and to reform the world was also cooling down .
" The preacher is the professional dealer in particular ideas , " he had once written . " His customers come at all hours of the day and put questions to him .
His answers , which he gets into the habit of producing , gradually lose their living quality and his faith in his ideas runs the risk of being smothered under the deadness of his words .
I believe that such a tragedy is more common than people suspect , especially with those who are good and therefore are ever ready to sign their cheque of benefit for others without waiting to see if the cash has had time to accumulate in the bank .
This makes me think that it is safe to be nothing better than a mere poet . For poets have to be true to their best moments and not to other people ' s requirements . "
Such golden moments were waiting for him to gather and it was lucky for him and his readers that he was henceforth to be confined to his home soil and thrown back on his native resources .
You have been to me a true friend because you have been a candid friend often speaking your thoughts aloud . . .
If your heart approves of the action I want your blessing .
It will sustain me . "
But even before the letter was despatched he received the poet ' s wire : " It is well worth sacrificing precious life for the sake of India ' s unity and her social integrity .
Our sorrowing hearts will follow your sublime penance with reverence and love . "
On 24 September , Tagore , unable to keep away , left for Poona . to visit the Mahalma in Yeravdajail .
The British Govern - , ment having in the meanwhile conceded the main demand and accepted the compromise formula , the Mahatma broke his fast on the 26th , the poet seated by his bedside in jail .
" The fast taken in the name of God , " said the Mahatma in a public statement , " was broken in His name in the presence of Gurudev . . .
The hymn sung was the original of the Gitanjali poem : " When the heart is hard and parched up , come upon me with a shower of mercy . . . "
Tagore had been persuaded by the University of Calcutta to accept the Chair of Bengali , in which capacity he now delivered a series of lectures .
He also organised a project , under his direct personal supervision , for compiling a glossary of technical and scientific terms in Bengali , a subject in which he had shown interest more than half a century ago when he was in his youth .
In the midst of many public activities which included several important lectures , he wrote two new plays , Tosher Desk ( The Kingdom of Cards ) , a delightful satire based on an earlier short story , and Chandalika ( The Untouchable Girl ) , a short drama with only two characters on the stage , based on a Buddhist legend .
The naive plot of the popular legend , showing how the psychic power of the Buddha had saved his devotee from the lust of a chandal girl , has been transformed by Tagore into a psychological drama of great spiritual significance .
It is no longer the story of a wanton female bent on seducing a holy man , but of a very sensitive and proud girl , condemned by birth to adespised status , who is suddenly awakened to a consciousness of her destiny as a human being as good as any other , and to an awareness of her heart ' s hunger and capacity for love .
Both these plays , Tasher Desk and Chandalika , were staged in Calcutta in September .
Soon after the performances , which were followed by a lecture on Chhanda ( Prosody ) at the Calcutta University , Tagore left for Bombay with a party of Santiniketan students and artists to participate in a Tagore Week organised there by his admirers led by the poetess Sarqjini Naidu .
The lectures delivered at the Andhra University were later published as Man .
After a visit to Hyderabad where he was received by the Nizam who had earlier given a handsome donation to Visva - Bharati for a Chair of Islamic Studies , Tagore returned to Calcutta at the end of December to deliver his famous address at the Senate Hall on " Bharat - Pathik Rammohun " ( Rammohun the Indian Pilgrim . )
Seeing another woman , younger and healthy , take her place by her husband ' s side in the garden , Niraja assumed the worst and was wild with jealousy .
Her very suspicions , which she took no care to hide , provoked fate and brought about what she most feared .
She who was generous when happy became unjust and vindictive .
Deprived of health and then of love , she succumbed to the poverty of spirit which paralyses our capacity to love and to forgive .
Bansari is a witty play , sparkling with brilliant dialogue .
It depicts the sophistication of high society in Calcutta , their highbrow pretensions and snobberies .
The capacity for love is dissipated in intellectual flirtations resulting in a tragedy presented as a comedy . The play was never staged by the author , though he once planned its productionprobably because the author was not sure of its effectiveness on the stage .
His own acquaintance with the life and types of characters he was depicting was remote , largely - derived from hearsay and gossip .
His treatment of love was becoming more and more intellectualised , bolder in thought but less potent in conveying its feeling .
Not only the flesh and blood but perhaps the heart , too was getting old , only the mind was active and in full armour .
Returning to Santiniketan at the beginning of January 1934 , he received , a fortnight later , Jawaharlal Nehru and his wife , Kamala .
The poet who admired jawaharlal Nehru for his patriotic courage and intellectual integrity , his rational outlook and international sympathies , held a public reception to welcome him and his wife .
Meanwhile on 15 January , north India was rocked by an earthquake of great severity , causing great damage to life and property in several towns of Bihar .
Gandhi who was at that time touring south India said in a public statement that this calamity was a divine chastisement for the sin of untouchability .
" A man like me cannot but believe that this earthquake is a divine chastisement sent by God for our sins . .
For me there is a vital connection between the Bihai calamity and the untouchability campaign . "
Tagore was shocked to see the Mahatma resort to such a characteristically priestly tactic of exploiting the conception of sin to din fear in the minds of the people and said in a public statement : " It has caused me a painful surprise to find Mahatma Gandhi accusing those who blindly follow their own social custom of untouchability of having brought down God ' s vengeance upon certain parts of Bihar , evidently specially selected for His desolating displeasure . .
The university which was his pet child had become a prodigal , a source of constant headache and humiliation to the last years of a life otherwise free and glorious .
Begging was a humiliation to this aristocratic mind ; nor was it of much avail in a country where the moneyed classes pour offerings either in the lap of priests or in the pockets of politicians . The only way left to the ageing poet was to earn money by making the school itself productive .
This he could do by training troupes of actors and dancers who would stage his plays and ballets in different towns and help to raise money .
This was not , of course , the only reason .
The artist in him itched to see his own creations on the stage .
Unlike his other written works , the songs had to be sung to be enjoyed , the ballets staged to be appreciated .
And so the country was regaled with the unusual spectacle of the venerable poet and seer escorting a band of performing artists , singers and dancers all over the country .
The two novels Malancha and CharAdhyay ( both 1934 ) , the drama Bansari ( 1933 ) and two books of verse Parisesh ( 1932 ) and Vichitrita ( 1933 ) have already been referred to earlier .
Of the five remaining volumes of poetry , four were of prose - poems , a form in which he had occasionally experimented earlier but which he now took up in earnest .
He began it with Punsacha ( The Postscript ) , published soon after Pariseshin 1932 .
There is a large variety of themes and moods depicted in this and the three volumes of prose - poems which followed , some playful , some serious or even metaphysical , some frivolous , some sad , some narrative , some lyrical , some sentimental and some devastating in their irony .
Many of them are reminiscent and some in the first person singular , though what is in first person singular need not always be reminiscent or autobiographical .
Once he had to face the challenge of a celebrated Pandit from the south .
Noticing that the turban he proposed to wear at the contest was soiled , he took it to jaseem the local dyer .
Jaseem asked his young daughter Amina to take the turban to the near - by stream and wash it .
Having washed it . when the cloth was spread on the grass to dry , Amina noticed averse inscribed in one corner of it : Tomdr sripada mor Idldte biraje ( Your sacred feet rest on my forehead ) .
Amina fetched from her cottage some coloured thread and stitched another verse below it : Parash phi ne tat hridayer majhe ( That ' s why their touch is missing in the heart ) .
When the Pandit came to fetch his turban he noticed the second verse and stared at the dyer ' s daughter .
Then he said , " Maiden , you have transformed the arrogance of my intellect into wisdom of the heart .
I cannot now go back to the royal court .
My way lies elsewhere . "
- Even after adding the Postscript he found he had much to say , he needed to think and feel aloud at any rate on paper .
The very first poem is full of regrets that he failed to appraise her worth ( Whose ? his wife Mrinalini ' s ? ) when she was with him .
He took her love and devotion for granted .
On his birthday ( 25 Vaisakh by Bengali calendar ) he reviews his long life during which he has died and has been reborn again and again , a garland woven of many Rabindranaths , He looks back on the world ' s past and sees nothing but broken ruins of pomp and glory and pride .
All around are the shifting sands of imperma - nence , and in the midst of itall " I feel in the throbbing of my heart the stillness of the infinite . "
Suddenly there was a rustle and he could feel her presence arid almost a touch of her breath , " Have you come back to your old haunt from the other world ? "
He replied , " Why , am I not there ?
Can you not see me ? "
Our school was rushing forward madly , with arithmetic and grammar books running fast .
The maps were fluttering on the wall like birds flapping their wings .
The bells tolled ceaselessly and without break , with no heed of the hour .
If she prefers Delhi , Lahore or Agra all we need do is to put a turban on her head and horned shoes on her feet .
Or if she wished to rush off to England , all the people will become hatted coated and booted Englishmen ! "
Three volumes of serious verse followed in the wake of Senjuti discussed earlier : Akashpradip ( Lamp in the Sky ) . 1939 , Navajatak ( The New - Born ) 1940 and Sanai ( The Flute ) 1940 .
These poems lack the sombre grandeur of Prantik , for the memory of the Borderland and the haunting sense of the terror and beauty that Meanwhile he was content to relax and watch and savour what simple delight of sight and sound were still left for him on earth .
Unlike many of his characters in dramas and novels who are either mere types or his own ' mouth pieces , die characters in his short stories are real and vivid , some of them unforgettable .
He wrote in one of his letters : " If I do nothing else but write short stories I am happy and I make a few readers happy .
The main cause of happiness is that my characters become my companions , they are with me when I am shut up in my room on a rainy day , and on a sunny day they walk about with me on the bright banks of the Padma .
Today since early morning a petulant little girl named Giribala has entered my imaginary world . "
Giribala lives in Bengali literature as one of the most lovable specimens of Indian womanhood .
Pity and irony pervade the mood of these stories , pity for wasted youth and frustrated ideals , for the bud that withers before it blossomed , and irony at man ' s egoism and at the inhumanity of a social and religious order which debase the living to exalt the dead .
Some of diem are , ironically , die protagonists of the very system which has diwarted their lives and warped their minds ; some are nagging and cantankerous and drive husbands to despair ; some prefer their jewellery to their husbands ' love .
One of his most romantic heroines is a Muslim princess who gives up everything for the sake of the Hindu general whom she admires and loves .
She chided , " Youdon ' thave to do this . " He remained silent . But in the end he won her friendship .
A gold ring she gave him one day with something sweet inscribed on it .
While bathing in the Ganges it slipped from his finger and was lost .
" The lock is not there , and the key does no fit . "
He recalls the nursery rhyme his grandmother used to recite to him : " The bride comes in the palanquin , with strings of pearls round her neck and anklets of gold round her feet ! " Ever since then he had looked for that bride who , on her way to him , was lost among the stars . .
The next volume of poems , Navajatak ( The New - Born ) , express a very different mood , more masculine and vitally concerned with what was happening around him in the contemporary world .
Introducing these poems he wrote that his poetry had changed its season from time to time , often without his being aware of it .
These poems were his tete - a - tete with the new age that was taking birth all around him .
It needs to be pointed out that these various volumes were not written as separate bunches , each at a stretch and representing a uniform mood or phase .
Many poems published in separate volumes were actually written almost simultaneously .
The very first poem , for example , of Navajatak in which he hails the new age was written in August 1938 , though the volume was published in 1940 .
His transition from mood to mood , even from whim to whim , was often very swift and sometimes occurred many times in one day .
These varying moods were expressed in widely differing poems which were later sorted out and published in different volumes .
The poems of Navajatak are comparatively less subjective in mood and reflect his keen interest in the world around .
The very themes and metaphors employed indicate this objective concern : the radio , the railway train , the station , the aeroplane , Hindustan , Rajasthan . etc .
The poem referred to earlier , mocking the Japanese militarists praying to Buddha , the Compassionate , is from this collection and was written in January 1938 .
The climate of menace and aggression in Europe and in Far East and the misuse of the aeroplane as an engine of destruction has biased him against this invention of man .
In the poem entitled " Bird - Man " he laments that this evil emissary of aggression should have invaded the space which God had reserved for birds .
The death of this devoted friend was a deeply felt personal bereavement to the poet .
Earlier he had said that he could not harbour an ill - feeling against the British people , if for no other reasoiithan that Andrews was one of them .
There was a time when Andrews was very close to him and was one of his chief associates , advisers and friends . To no one else did Tagore ever write so many letters in English , full of such open - hearted confidences , as though he had needed a trustworthy friend to whom he could think and feel aloud .
Christ ' s Faithful Apostle , was how an Indian admirer had interpreted the initials of his name , C . F . A . Being what he was , his presence was needed in many places , in India and outside , far away from Santiniketan and Tagore ' s presence .
And so the active contacts between the two had of late diminished , though the old bond had survived .
Tagore could be exuberant , and sometimes even loquacious , in his literary expression , but in personal relations he was very reticent and seemed , not unoften , aloof and remote , even when his heart was full of affection .
And so , although he must have felt deeply the loss of so old and trusted a friend , he kept the grief to himself except for the homage he paid to his memory at the memorial service at Santiniketan .
' A few days later , when he was at Mungpoo , he recalled to his hostess how Andrews , whenever he was at Santiniketan , would come in the morning and embrace him daily , and went on - to add : " What an unmixed wonderful love he had !
The observance of his birthday in that little mountainous village had a simple and austere dignity which could hardly have been possible in a bigger place like Kalimpong , much less in a city like Calcutta .
In Mungpoo there were no social and literary celebrities to crowd round him , obscuring the sad solemnity of his last but one birthday on this earth .
He sat on the ground , burnt an incense and chanted an invocation to the Buddha .
The poet was moved and expressed his feeling in a poem he wrote the next day .
Listening to the hymn addressed to " the supreme man whose birth made this earth holy and gave meaning to man ' s life , " he felt that his own birth had been blessed , for ' entering the world of men eighty years ago , I too have shared the supreme man ' s legacy . "
They brought flowers , heaps of them , for the poet .
This simple gesture of affection from humble , illiterate folks who had never read anything of him , touched him deeply .
True - hearted and brave , the final frustration of her hope ( the title of the story , " Durasha " , means Frustrated Hope ) is depicted with masterly irony .
Even more romantic is the story of the Moghul Princess Amiina who is ready to avenge her father ' s death , only to discover that the Prince of Arakon in whose breast she was supposed to plunge her dagger is the very beloved vagabond Dalia in disguise with whom she had been in love .
Some stories deal with man ' s lust for gold , some with woman ' s relentless goading of husband or son to ambition , some with the tragedy of decrepit aristocracy clinging to the illusion of glory long faded , some depict uncommon types like a gifted vagabond whom no lure of riches or comfort or love can bind to a home , or an unruly tomboy who grows into a wonderfully mature and loving woman .
One of these relates the story of the skeleton which used to hang in the class - room of the child Rabi for lessons in elementary science .
Some stories lay bare the political helplessness of the people and the callous cynicism of the alien rulers , like the beautiful story in which the charming Giribala , referred to above , figures .
In a delightful story a satirical phantasy which he much later in 1933 developed into a play called Tosher Desk ( The Kingdom of Cards ) , he relates the experiences of the traditional adventurers of Indian folklore , the Prince and his two boon companions , who are ship wrecked and stranded on a strange island whose inhabitants are all classified and labelled like a pack of cards .
One is Five , another Six , another Jack or Queen ; one is Diamonds , another Hearts , another Spades and so on .
They sit , rise , fight and make love in strict accordance with a prescribed set of rules which no one understands but every one obeys .
We laugh at the Fives and Sixes without realising that we are laughing at our own absurdities .
And yet in the same year was published Chhele Beta , reminiscences of his boyhood days , written in a style simple , lively and unaffected , and utterly different from the manner and mood reflected in the three stories cited above .
Tagore thought and felt and reacted creatively at different levels , almost simultaneously , as though he could control many wave - lengths and could switch off one and switch on another at will .
Perhaps not quite at will , for he was himself subject to the mood that happened to seize him at the moment .
There was an old and discarded palanquin lying in one of the rooms of the family mansion which had belonged to his grandmother , and in which the child Rabi sought refuge in the afternoon when the servant in charge of him had retired for his own meals and rest .
Between the discarded palanquin and the neglected child there was a secret fellow - feeling and comradeship .
The child would sprawl within its closed shutters safe from all prying eyes and give full rein to his fancy .
Sometimes my palanquin becomes a peacock - boat , floating far out on the ocean till the shore is out of sight .
The oars fall into the water with a gentle splash , the waves swing and swell around us .
The sailors cry out to us to beware , a storm is coming .
By the tiller stands Abdul the sailor , with his pointed beard , shaven moustache and close - cropped head . I know him , he brings hilsha fish and turtle eggs from the Paclma for my elder brother . "
Three days after the Oxford University ' s special Convocation on 7 August ( a significant date on which eight years earlier his grandson Nitindra had died in Germany and on which he himself would pass away a year later ) Tagore gave a public address on the cultural significance of the Ramayana and paid a tribute to the memory of the great poet Tulsidas whose Hindi rendering of the Indian epic has been called the Bible of the Hindi - speaking world .
On 3 September he presided over the Festival of Rain at Santiniketanfor the last time .
A fortnight later he was in Calcutta for a medical check - up , and on 19 September went up to Kalimpong to recuperate in the glorious autumn of the eastern Himalayas .
The sky claps its hands in silent glee , my joy is full with colour and sound , Is Kalimpong aware of it ? . . .
The golden bell of morning rings ding dong ,
This was written on 25 September .
Once again " with stealthy steps the messenger of death came creeping out of the lightless cavern of the universe . "
As during the previous crisis , no adequate medical help was readily available , and Kalimpong was even farther from Calcutta than Santiniketan .
He has himself related how once , many years earlier , when he had occasion to sleep alone in an unused ground - floor room of their old ancestral house in Calcutta , he was woken up at dead of night by an excruciatingly sharp pain in one of the toes which had been stung by a large scorpion of a vicious kind .
Few experiences are more immediately painful than a scorpion sting .
This strange experience of an abrupt and total cessation of acute pain by an effort of will was never repeated , but whenever he was again in any physical pain or discomfort he always recalled his earlier experience and tried his utmost to disembody his consciousness .
And when the spring came in early February , he had almost recovered his old robustness and could rejoice in the glory of nature and the joy of life , and was once again deeply concerned with the world of men .
In one such mood he dictated a remarkable poem on 13 February in which " floating oil Time ' s leisurely stream , " he casts his mind back on the panorama of his people ' s history .
This poem , as also the one discussed earlier where he talked of empires falling and the toilers sustaining the world , does in noway indicate that the aged poet , face to face with death , had suddenly changed his faith and turned a " fellow - traveller " .
Along with ser jous verse , he was also dictating nursery rhymes as well as tales and fables told as grandfatherly yarns and prattle full of such gay fancy and quaint humour that one would hardly imagine that they were the voice of one who was in extreme physical pain and almost on death - bed .
The latterwere published in 1941 as Galpa - Salpa ( Tales and Trifles ) .
And that is the big news , that the world is in need of a drastic adjustment .
It is told to little Kusmi by her Dadamashai ( Grandfather ) whom she is always asking , " What ' s the big news today ? "
But Kusmi can make This book of parables and tales as well as the volume of poems Janmadine discussed earlier were published in April 1941 .
The Bengali new year begins in the middle of this month and its celebration at Santiniketan used to be ( and still is ) combined with the observance of Tagore ' s birthday ( which actually falls about three weeks later , on 7 May ) , to enable the students to participate in the joint festival before they dispersed for the summer holidays which began soon after .
On that day ( 14 April 1941 ) was delivered the poet ' s last public address , published as Sabhyatar Sankat ( Crisis in Civilisation ) .
" As I look around I see the crumbling ruins of a proud civilisation strewn like a vast heap of ftitility .
And yet I shall . not commit the grievous sin of losing faith in Man .
I would rather look forward to the opening of a new chapter in his history after the cataclysm is over and the atmosphere rendered clean with the spirit of service and sacrifice . "
How genuine was his faith in the destiny of Man ( whether ill - or well - founded , who can tell ? ) is even more fervently expressed in a new song composed by him and sung for the first time on the same occasion .
A few days earlier his grand - nephew Saumyendranath Tagore had come from Calcutta to see him and had begged him to give a new song which could be sung in chorus to hail the advent of the new man , the real man , the free man who will vindicate man ' s true destiny and not be a mere cog in a social or political machine .
The Great One comes , on earth the blades of grass shiver in anticipation , in the heavens the trumpets sound . . .
His own physical suffering , the burden of a body tormented with pain , with little or no respite ' .
His unhappy country becoming like a vast prison camp , the leaders in jail , the people cowed and sullen , the spectre of hunger stalking the land .
The daily toll of suffering went on rising , the fever rose higher each evening and the nights were increasingly restless .
The team of leading physicians and surgeons who came periodically from Calcutta insisted on his removal to Calcutta for a major operation .
The decision upset the patient who had little faith in allopathic claims and resented the idea of physical mutilation perpetrated on him in the name of scientific surgery . - But he was helpless .
Even Gandhi had to yield and submit to an operation .
" Why ca n ' t I be allowed to die in peace ? " he protested .
" Momently I feel the time draws near for me to leave . "
They would miss no chance , however feeble , of saving a life so valuable , And he could not reject the importunities of the dear and near ones .
So he yielded most reluctantly and against his better instinct .
He would have liked nothing better than to breathe his last at Santiniketan , surrounded by those he loved best , men and women , children and the trees , his very own , as it were .
He was unhappy to leave the site he had cherished so dearly and where almost every lree had grown under his care . " Perhaps I shall not see these trees again , " he murmured .
On 25 July he was taken to Calcutta .
It was so ordained , and perhaps it was right , that he should spend his last days under the same old ancestral roof where he had spent his first .
Two days later he dictated a poem whose brevity , concentrated strength as of a mantra and daring of thought match the best in the Rig Veda .
An answer either way would be naive , too simple to be true .
Tagore ' s is really an affirmation of a truth that is beyond faith and doubt , or is inclusive of both doubt and faith .
What the poet uttered was the stark truth thatoi the ultimate mystery of life and the universe he has no knowledge .
What he really is beneath and beyond the body , he does not know .
But he was not a materialist or a nihilist as the words are normally understood .
He believed that life is bigger than death and the spirit of man bigger than life , and that life , nature and the world of matter are linked together and governed by a universal law whose principle is not mechanical but spiritual , so that the way to its understanding , however partial , is through the heart and not through the head , through love and not through ratiocination .
Basically a man of faith , his faith was brave and true , for it had been tested in the fire of suffering .
It did not rest on the artificial props of borrowed beliefs but was founded in the experience of sorrow and shone through it He had indeed inherited or imbibed in his young age many beliefs , but what in them was unreal or assumed gradually dropped off or was discarded .
The first is dated 29 July , four days after his arrival in Calcutta . Sorrow ' s dark night , again and again , has come to my door .
But in this case he had no chance to do so .
Before he could recover from the after - effects of the operation his condition worsened and he gradually lost his consciousness , never to recover it again .
On 7 August at ten minutes past midday he breathed his last in the same old Jorasanko house where he had first opened his eyes eighty years and three months earlier .
It was the day of the full moon of Sravana , the month of rains so often celebrated in his verse and song .
He had earlier written a song which he had desired should be sung at his death . It was . It is still sung at each anniversary of the day .
These stupas and chaityas show their own distinct regional characters as against their compeers in north and north - western India .
From the sixth and seventh centuries AD , the Hindus and Jains of the south too adopted the stone medium , and started excavating rock - cut cave - temples , or carving out rock - cut monolithic temple forms , and ultimately building them of stone .
The comparative freedom from foreign invasions and disruption in this part of India and the relative strength of the kingdoms and society were some of the contributing factors .
Even the early Hindu and Jain temples came into being under the royal patronage of the rulers of the three great empires of the souththe Chalukyas , the Pallavas and the Pandyas along with the lesser kingdoms wedged in between .
The result was that a chain of temples , great and small , studded every village and town of the south , which thus came to be known as the land of temples .
Buddhism almost went into complete eclipse soon ; the Hindu temples to a greater extent and the Jain ones to a lesser extent predominating .
The Buddha , for instance , was adopted as the ninth of the ten incarnations of Vishnu in the Hindu pantheon in place of Krishna , who came to be considered as the whole aspect of Vishnu .
Thus in an integrated scheme of a study of the temples of India , the southern temples have perforce to be studied independently in order to understand not only their origin and mode of development through time and space into the varied regional styles , but also the similarities and differences and the mutual influences of the two great traditions , northern and southern .
An attempt has been made in the following pages to portray in outline the temples of the south .
Since even the simplest architectural and art terms of the European classical origin , often employed in the description of Indian temples , are inadequate and not always apt , the barest use of Indian technical terms of common Sanskrit origin for the most important parts , as used in the Vastu and Silpa manuals , has been made .
The cult of worship of objects or phenomena considered superhuman in a specified manner and in specified places has been one of the traits of mankind from very remote times .
The early form of such practices can only be deduced from literary evidences , traditions and material relics that have come down to us in the course of the centuries .
A fairly vivid picture of life and organized worship in the the ancient Tamilakam , the country of the Tamils , in the southernmost part of the peninsula that included what is now Kerala also , is supplied by the earliest available literature in Tamil , dating from the commencement of the Christian era , if not before it .
The extant portion of this vast literature embodies in itself earlier and contemporary traditions , many of which still persist .
These monuments which are funerary or sepulchral in character are , by far , the largest group of extant early monuments in the south and are very widely distributed all over the area south of the Vindhyas .
All these would constitute a class of hypaethral temples , that is , temples open to the air and devoid of a roof over the object of worship .
This part of the scene has three trees , with the bases of two of them enclosed by a railing .
The most prominent one on the right , with the railing around it , is shown as being worshipped by two devotees , one with folded hands and the other holding out a baby towards the tree .
This has also an inscription below it , calling it ' Bahuputm - chaitya of Vaisali ' .
This would be a rendering of a vriksha - chaitya with a simple railing denoting its antiquity , for the stele and the inscriptions are of post - Asokan times .
According to Buddha - ghosha , this was a many - branched tree where people prayed for sons .
The depiction accordingly of one praying for the boon , and the other , having obtained it , presenting it in gratitude and for it to be blessed further is appropriate .
In short , the Bodhi - ghara structures around the principal object of worship would thus anticipate the cloister galleries ( or dalans ) round the roofed temple structures , or vimanas , often more than one storeyed , enshrining the object of worship .
These cloister galleries are designated in the Tamil inscriptions and texts as malikai ( malika ) as also in the Silpa and Agama literature on temple architecture .
The only difference is that while the early examples surround hypaethral shrines which are not covered by a roof , the later malikais surround roofed shrines or vimanas containing the object of worship or the deity .
The very ancient and deep - rooted cult of tree worship continued in south India , particularly the Tamil country , even after organized temple worship of the Hindu cults had grown .
On the top of the anda is the harmika square on plan and enclosing an umbrella ( chhatra ) or a series of them ( chhatravali ) .
In the earlier and simpler examples , these are merely plastered over , with a large looped garland girdling the anda picked out in stucco as an adornment .
The harvest of his field has been gathered and he fills the boat with it .
The boat goes on its way , no one knows where , and the poet is left behind on the bank , forlorn .
There was a time when a storm of controversy raged in the literary circles of Bengal as to the real meaning of this poem .
What is the Golden Boat and who is at its helm ?
The author himself explained that the Boat symbolised for him Life which collects the harvest of our achieve - ment and goes floating on the stream of time , leaving us behind .
The Golden Boat reappears in the last poem of the book , but now the poet has been taken into the boat .
His lost playmate , his Muse , the Beloved of his dreams , his guardian angel , half - known and half - unknown , is at the helm .
Will hope yield at last its golden harvest ? "
You looked at my face and smiled And said not a word .
For example , Hinduism , particularly in the Tamil country , which included much of Kerala also , became eclectic by absorbing the local deities and concepts in the pantheon and ritual , or by identifying them with many of its own .
Iconic forms of Siva , Vishnu , Surya , Kartikeya , Sri , Durga and other gods were also evolved .
This synthesis , in effect , resulted , after due growth during the five succeeding centuries ( between the eighth and the thirteenth ) , in the contribution of the south to the common heritage of India of unique forms and concepts , for example , the form and concept of Siva as Nataraja and Dakshinamurti , Devi as Lalita , the bhakti cult of the Nayanmars and Alvarsthe Saiva and Vaishnava hagiologistsand the great philosophies of Advaita , Visishtadvaita and Dvaita of Sankara , Ramanuja and Madhva .
This resulted in the delayed development of its indigenous literatures which thus do not supply much material regarding the purely local traditions and beliefs of the very early times .
But many contemporary material relics indicating the religious forms and places of worship are extant and have come up , as in north India , in the latest excavations .
These relics also reveal the fact that the temples or shrines had a common plan , design and mode of construction , irrespective of the creeds to which they belonged .
The earliest caves excavated by Asoka and his grandson Dasaratha into the very hard local rock ( quartzose - gneiss ) are in the Barabar and Nagarjuni hills near Gaya .
The most important examples of this group are the Sudama ( Nyagrodha ) and the Lomas Rishi caves .
These two caves exactly reproduce the plan of the Suddhamma Deva Sabha in the Barhut relief .
They include chaitya halls , which were really temples or places of worship ; the object of worship being a stupa representing the Buddha , and viharas , or monasteries , each with a number of cells opening into a large central assembly - hall .
Such examples are found in the vicinity of Poona and Nasik , and Ajanta and Aurangabad .
The choice of this area was due to . the fact that the softer trap rocks were more easy to work on than the hard granites or gneisses , as in Gaya .
Among these the Buddhist cave at Kondivte in Salsette , the Tulaja cave in Junnar , near Poona , and the cave in Guntupalle in Andhra bear comparison with the Sudama and Lomas Rishi caves near Gaya .
One of the most beautiful poems in the book is an ode to ' Urvasi , the legendary Teminine of Hindu mythology who seduces saints and captivates the hearts of all men .
Rabindranath pictures her as arising out of the foam of the primal ocean when it was churned by the godsnaked and flawless beauty , holding nectar in her right hand and poison in her left .
Urvasi is the eternal woman , whom . men have always desired but never possessed , for she is " not mother , not daughter , not bride . "
The term over and merit exhausted , the soul is about to return to earth and compares the chilly joy and unruffled peace of heaven with the woven web of joys and sorrows which is the life on earth .
The poem is one long paean in praise of this lowly earth and its siniple human attachments .
The struggle between the poet ' s heart enchanted with its own music and his conscience troubled by the plight of his countrymen finds passionate utterance in a long poem entitled " Turn me back now " .
It is a poem such as Mahatma Gandhi might have written had he been a poet .
He describes the condition of his people , hungry , naked and homeless in their own land , bereft of human rights and bereft of even the will to protest .
The linga - pitha is generally square , but octagonal in the eastern cave - temple , at Malai - yakkovil .
In the Siva shrine of the Tirup - parankunram cave - temple , there is a Somaskanda panel on the rear wall , as in the Pallava cave - temples of the close of the seventh century and subsequent structural temples .
In the cave - temples at Piranmalai and Tirumalai ( Ramanathapuram district ) it is only Siva and Parvati ( Umasahitamurti ) seated , without Skanda .
Such icons found for example on the rear wall of the shrine in the cave - temples of Piranmalai and Tirumalai ( Ramanathapuram district ) , and on the north wall of the rock - cut front mandapa of the Kunnandarkoil ( Pudukkbttai district ) cave - temple are reminiscent of the Siva - Parvati wedlock , or vaivahika form of Minakshi - Sundaresvara , prevalent in that region .
In the lower rock - cut cave - temple at Tiruchirapalli ( Paindya ) , while the two lateral shrine - cells are dedicated to Siva and Vishnu , the rear wall of the mandapa has five niches enclosed by pilasters , the central one with Brahma and the others with Ganesa , Subrahmanya , Surya and Durga .
The larger cave - temple at Tirup - parankunram takes in five out of the six deities , excluding Surya , for the two principal lateral shrines are dedicated to Siva and Vishnu , while a third , for Durga , has been cut out of the rear wall at its centre with the two recesses on either side having sculptures of Ganesa and Subrahmanya .
The Western Gangas of Talkad in south Mysore , following the Chalukya - Rashtrakuta idiom , have left two unfinished cave - temples in the hard rock at Melkote near Mysore .
In addition to the incorporation of the Chalukyan traits noted above , these southern cave - temples , essentially following the Pallava Mahendra - style and hard rock tradition , also reproduce many iconic forms that are found in the Pallava rock - cut and structural examples .
The more important ones are the reproduction of Durga with a devotee cutting off his own head in sacrifice , a common Pallava form , reproduced near the Vishnu cave - temple of Tiruttangal , and the Mahishasuramardini group , as at Mahabalipuram and Saluvankuppam , reproduced with variations in the Vagisvaram cave - temple at Malai - yadippatti .
The Bhu - Varaha and Gajalakshmi forms are found in the cave - temples at Tirup - parankunram and the Trivikrama form along with Bhu - Varaha in the cave - temple at Namakkal .
The other iconographic forms so reproduced are Lingodbhava , Harihara , Subrahmanya , Vishnu with garuda in human form , Narasimha , and the tandava forms , of Siva .
The Kerala cave - temples of a rather indeterminate authorship , however , form an important landmark in southern cave architecture combining as they do the features of the Pandya and the Adigaiman cave - temples of the adjoining territory and like them are essentially of the Pallava Mahendra - style model both in their granite rock material and the plan and technique of excavation , though with an import often of some Chalukyan motifs .
The incomplete Branthanpara excavation demonstrates the familiar Pallava technique of rock excavation as at Mahabalipuram , fol - lowed in the Pandya - Muttaraiyar - Adigaiman areas , as at Narttamalai , Mangadu and other places . The cave at Vizhinam , of the rock - cell type without the front mandapa and characteristic of the Pandya - Muttaraiyar region , is unique in having on either rock flank of its door - opening , reliefs of Siva in chatura tandava with Parvati in attendance on one side , and Siva with bow as kirata , followed by a dwarf gana on the other .
These bas - relief sculptures are more akin to the Pallava than to the neighbouring Pandya forms .
At Irunilamkodu , another simple diminutive single - cell excavation without any facade or front porch , is a fine sculpture of Yoga Dakshinamurti in a majestic pose on the south wall , with an attendant rishi and disciples below , while the linga proper is placed in a small niche cut into the western wall over a platform .
The other cave - temples are those at Tirunandikkara and Kaviyur .
A Nandi - mandapa is also to be seen in front in some cases as in the Lankesvara cave at Ellora ( Kailasa complex ) .
The fourth type is exemplified by the structures where the principal shrine has no circumambulatory passage , that is , nirandhara : the ardha - mandapa has sculpture panels on its side walls , and the large maha - mandapa is pillared and with or without side shrines .
The Saptamatrika shrine , or niche , is cut independently outside the main cave - temple , usually on its left flank , while there is a Nandi - mandapa in front , as in Ellora Cave 22 .
The fifth group would be that where the sandhara pattern with circumambulation develops a sarvatobhadra sanctum cell , with door - openings on all the four sides , fronted by a series of two or three mandapas , and , in the most advanced type , having an additional agra - mandapa that contains sculpture panels of Ganesa , Durga and other forms on one side and the Saptamatrikas on the other side of the agm - mandapa .
Lastly , there are the examples which , like the more southern forms , have in front the transversely oblong hallsthe ardha - and mukha - mandapas , without any vedi parapet for the latter , and where the pillars carry the sculptures on their shaft portions instead of on the bracket region as female figures that are usual in other cases .
Thus the main varieties observed in the Chalukyan cave - temples are with individual variations : the nirandhara type where the shrine - cells are devoid of a circumambulatory passage as at Badami , the sandhara type with shrine - cells having a circumambulatory passage as at Ellora , Ramesvara , etc . , the trikuta type with triple shrine - cells as at Aihole and Ellora , and the sarvatobhadra type with shrine - cells having door - openings on all the four sides as at Elephanta , Ellora and Jogeshvari .
The sandhara and sarvatobhadra forms are the most outstanding .
In the sarvatobhadra types , as seen in the Dhumarlena at Ellora , the principal cave at Elephanta , and in the cave at Jogeshvari , the outer mandapa cut out of the rock tends to have at least three open passages on the three sides , while the fourth at the rear forms the one ending in the parent rock .
The heaviness of the Chalukyan pillars as at Badami is apparently reduced by the flutings and carvings ; the pillar and corbel shapes are various , but in their development they retain their individuality till the close of the Chalukyan period and do not recur in the Rashtrakuta creations .
The embellished median band , or patta , common in the Chalukyan corbels , is absent .
Though smaller than the Badami cave - temples , these are interesting from the point of view of plan , design and sculpture .
The pillar ' s are more slender and have the usual capital components of the ' order ' .
The Ravalagudi consists essentially of an almost square mandapa with a large principal cella of almost equal size on the rear , and two more , wide , lateral shrines , thus making a trikuta plan .
While the rear shrine has a rock - cut linga , the lateral shrine on its right is dedicated to the Saptamatrikas and attendant deities , and the one on the left to other forms of Siva .
The slightly projecting dividing wall - strips between the mandapa and rear shrine , leaving a wide entrance in between , carry the dvarapala sculptures .
On the facade on either flank on the rock wall are niches containing the sculptures of the two nidhisSankha and Padma .
The Jain cave - temple has a front mandapa which is more pronouncedly rectangular , and conforms to the typical mandapa - type cave - temple pattern .
The high trap - ridge at Ellora which had afforded the venue for a series of Buddhist excavations described earlier , now provided a scope for Hindu and Jain works .
The Brahmanical cave - temples , occupying the central section of the hill and the parts higher up , belong to the period of the Chalukyas and their Rashtrakuta successors .
The Hindu excavations , designated as Caves 13 to 29 , are mostly Saivite in character and fall into two distinct chronological series , the earlier series being more after the models of the preceding Buddhist excavations , characterized by the general absence of a rock - cut image or symbol like the linga in their sanctums .
There are , of course , variations of plan and content in some .
Cave 16 is the Kailasa complex , where the main part is the monolithic vimana temple of Kailasa with cave - temples on the scarp of the circumambulatory passage as in the case of the Lankesvara ( 16a ) .
The later series are more after the models of the south and often contain an image in their sanctum , a rock - cut linga pedestal with sometimes a rock - cut Nandi also ,
' The pillars in these caves are of a varied nature and design and are square or octagonal in section , or , generally , of the kumbha - valli type with full vases and excrescent foliage at the middle height , or they have cushion - shaped kumbha mouldings in their capitals .
The corbels , where present , are either simple or ornate .
The Ramesvara ( Cave 21 ) would represent the earliest of this group .
The facade of the rectangular mukha - mandapa has four short , bulky , ornate pillars , and two pilasters at either end rising above a highly decorated vedi parapet , or dwarf wall , interrupted in the middle between the two central pillars to provide the entrance doorway .
But tell me , have you nothing more to ask for than leave to depart ?
Have all your desires been fulfilled none left lingering in your heart to prick like a hidden thorn ? "
" None , " Kacha assures her .
" Then you must be the one happy being in creation , " taunts Devayani . " Go back to your Paradise and add to its splendour your own triumph .
There they are waiting to welcome you back with music and conch shells and flowers .
Ah , Brahmin , you have indeed spent hard and dreary days here , drudging in an alien land , with no one to comfort and delight you . "
Kacha feels the sting and begs , " Not thus with a reproach , but with a smile bid me farewell . "
" Smile !
This is no Paradise , my friend .
Smiles are not so cheap in this world where longing like a worm in the flower gnaws at the heart ' s core , where desire like a baffled bee hovers round the closed petals of the heart ' s lotus .
The Patalesvara at Poona has Gajalakshmi , Tripurantaka , Anantasayin , Lingodbhava and Andhakari .
Mahur depicts Ardhanari , Gangadhara , Tripurantaka , Ganesa , Kartikeya and Surya .
THE EASTERN CHALUKYAN CAVE - TEMPLES OF COASTAL ANDHRA In the Andhra coastal region , excavated into the softer rocks on either bank of the Krishna in the territory of the Eastern Chalukyas of Vengi , there are over a dozen cave - temples .
They are to be found in the hills of Vijayawada and Mogulrajapuram on the north bank , all in Krishna district , and in the hills of Undavalli , Penamaga , and Sitaramapuram on the south bank in Guntur district .
These cave - temples of Eastern Chalukyan authorship show individualistic characters in their lay - out , iconography and the scheme of the cella .
They partake in some respects of the neighbouring Pallava modes , apart from their parental Chalukyan and northern inheritance .
In Bhairavakonda , the socket is cut in a sunken recess on the wall over the pedestal to take in the linga , or image . In respect of the cave temples of the Eastern Chalukyas , the absence of Vishnu carvings is notable as against what is found in the Western Chalukyan - Rashtrakuta group .
Practically all the cave - temples are Saiva , or are dedicated to other deities of the Saiva pantheon .
More often , however , it is the result of gradual additions during various periods , thus successively enlarging the original lay - out and resulting in such larger temple complexes , or temple cities , as those at Chidambaram , Tiruvannamalai , Madurai and Srirangam .
The temple cities , so called , such as Srirangam , which is the largest of the lot , accommodate the residential houses of people connected with the temple inside of the outer circuits .
In Srirangam , for example , where the primary temple nucleus of Ranganatha ( recumbentVishnu ) is surrounded by seven concentric prakaras or enclosure walls , the inner four walls invest the various subsidiary shrines and festival mandapas while the outer three walls have residential houses and mansions ranged along their inside faces , which are also called malikai ( malika ) .
These along with other houses and streets outside the outermost seventh prakara , constitute a modem municipal town .
As in all three - dimensional constructions where the plan and elevation aspects count , it is the diverse nature of the plan , and the degree of rise , involving the elaboration of the number of talas or storeysthe talachchanda , as it is calledthat result in the great variety of southern vimanas leading to their differentiation and classification into categories .
The four - sided square or oblong plans , and the curvilinearcircular , elliptical and apsidal plansbecome familiar even in the earlier Buddhist and non - Buddhist temples .
But the hexagonal or octagonal plan that is found introduced in the make - up of the southern vimana would be rather uncommon .
In the matter of rise the simple or ekatala vimana consists essentially of six vertical components , which , from base to apex , would be ( 1 ) the adhishthana , or basement , ( 2 ) the pada , or pillar , or the bhitii , or wall , according as the structure stands on either or both of these supports enclosing the sanctum , ( 3 ) the prastara or architrave , with the prominent cornice , or kapota , ( 4 ) the griva or clerestory over sanctum terrace and entablature , ( 5 ) the sikhara or ultimate roof covering the top of the clerestory or griva , and ( 6 ) the stupi or finial crowning the top of the sikhara .
The number of storeys could be increased to three or four ( tritala , chatushtala , etc . ) , in which case they were called jati vimanas .
But duty calls and he must , even at the sacrifice of his happiness , go back to his peoplfe and put his knowledge at their service .
He begs to be forgiven .
What forgiveness , O Brahmin , is left in the heart of a woman flamed to the fury of a thunderbolt ?
You will go back to the celestial realm where all regrets will be lost in the pride of your success .
But what is left to me here what ambition or mission can instil a meaning or pride in this thwarted and barren life of mine ?
In these woods must I drag on the humiliation of an aimless and forlorn existence , where memory with its thousand thorns will prick me at each ' turn and a secret shame gnaw at the very core of my being .
Shame be yours , O heartless adventurer , who came and sat through the sunny hours in the shade of my life ' s garden and to while away time plucked all its flowers and wove them into a garland , only to snap the thread at the end and scatter all the glory of a woman ' s heart into dust !
Be this my curse at farewell may the knowledge for whose sake you have spurned me never bear its full reward for you !
You shall bear its burden and not enjoy its use , you will teach it but shall never be able to practise it . "
They later develop a central projecting tenon , or double volute , or assume the shape of a projecting curved arm terminated by a pendentive lotus bud , the pushpa potikas of the temples of the fifteenth century and later .
These shapes indicate regional developments and also chronological evolution .
Another , important architectural feature is the torana which is essentially an arched festoon ( occasionally straight as in the toranas of Sanchi ) , mounted over two columns and marking a sacred or ceremonial entrance .
Such free - standing torana entrances or stambha toranas are stated to have preceded the gopura entrances of ancient palaces .
But while the entrance torana has been retained in the northern monuments , as at Sanchi and Bhubaneswar , it is the gopura entrance that has prevailed in the south and forms the most characteristic and invariable part of the temple complex .
The torana idea is , however , not lost ; the motif is applied to many niches and entrances on the body of the vimana or the gopura and are known as bhitti tomnas .
These are found to frame the entrances of some cave - temples , the fronts of the niches , or devakoshthas , on the walls of the vimana , and the fronts of the nasikas of various orders and sizesthe mahanasika , the sukanasika , the kshudra - nasika , and the alpanasika .
The gable - window - like arched kudu ornaments on the kapota , of the prastara are fronted by toranas bereft of the supporting columns .
In its simplest and most primary form it would consist of an offset bottom course , the upana , a taller neck - like recessed vertical course , the kantha , and a projecting platform , the prati or pattika .
A slight elaboration would be the insertion of a torus moulding called the kumnda which is three - faceted ( tripatta ) , or rounded ( vritta ) , and placed above the kantha and below the pattika , having another plain moulding , less offset than the upana but taller and coming over it , called the jagati .
When closed they have a series of pilasters against the inner faces of the walls .
On their outer faces the external scheme obtaining in the main vimana is followed .
The pillars are mostly of the simple type , with the top and bottom sections square on plan and with the intervening section octagonal or polygonal , as in the case of the southern rock - cut cave - temples which , on that account , are popularly called mandapa - temples .
The names Kotikal mandapam , Orukal mandapam , Idaichi mandapa , etc . indicate this .
Such simple mandapa pillars do not have differentiated capital mouldings , but bear the potika or corbel block directly over the top square section .
They may occasionally have the full capitals of the order or , as in the case of the cave - temples of the Deccan , they may be of the kumbha - valli type or have the so - called cushion capitals mentioned earlier .
In later mandapa of the Chalukyan series , the pillars above their square base are rendered into a series of curved and rounded shapes by being turned on a lathe .
In later mandapas of the Pallava - Pandya series , the pillars have attached portrait statues , animal figures or a number of columnettes called ani - yotti - k - kal .
A small upright free - standing rock just in front of the Draupadi ratha that would have hidden its front view has been shaped into a large sculpture of a standing lion facing north .
Of the other four rathas , the Ganesa ratha has been cut out of a boulder amidst the main hill in Mahabalipuram , and the two Pidari rathas ( northern and southern , so called because they are near the modern temple of the village goddess Pidari ) and the Valaiyankuttai ratha ( standing in front of the Valaiyankuttai pond ) are shaped out of free - standing boulders at a distance on the western side of the main hill .
The small Draupadi ratha illustrates the type of a very simple hut - like vimana , square on plan , with only four of the usual six angas of the vimana , namely , adhishthana , pada and bhitti , sikhara and stupi , the angas that are lacking being the prastara and griva .
This chaturvarga ratha represents the kuta type with a four - sided domical roof , or sikhara , crowned by a single stupi or finial .
In having a square platform base to apex , it exemplifies the pure Nagara order .
It is dedicated to Durga whose standing sculpture in relief , with attendants , is carved on the rear wall of the sanctum .
The main doorway is framed by a fine torana as also the three devakoshthas which also enshrine standing relief sculptures of Durga on the three side walls .
On either side of the doorway are flanking dvampalikas , one on either side in the niche between the corner plaster and the torana pilaster framing the entrance . This ratha lacks a mukha - or ardha - mandapa , unlike the other rathas , as also the nasikas projected from the sikhara .
A dvitala and hence ashtanga , or ashtavarga vimana of the same Nagara order , square from base to apex is illustrated in the incomplete Valaiyankuttai ratha facing east .
It has a small ardha - mandapa and the aditala has a single wall , hence it is nirandhara .
This was perhaps commenced by Mamalla , as indicated by the label inscribed on the eastern side of the second tala , and was brought to its present stage of completion with the consecration of the top tala by Paramesvaravarman , as the labels on the top tala would denote .
In the Dharmaraja ratha what apparently looks like the outer wall of the aditala cantoning the corners leaving open - pillared entrances on the four cardinals , in between , is really the wall of an outer , narrow peripheral mandapa investing the aditala or groundfloor shrine .
The pattern is really one where the wall of the aditala garbha - griha or cella rises up as the outer wall of the second tola sanctum which is render sandham with an inner wall , in addition , that rises up higher as the wall of the third tala of lesser linear dimensions than the ones below .
The incomplete Bhima ratha appears to be pseudo - sandhara , like the Dharmaraja ratha , in that its oblong aditala is surrounded by a narrow mandapa with walls round the corners and intervening open facades of two pillars and two pilasters on the long and short sides , the pillars and pilasters being vyala - based .
The mandapa carries above its prastara a ham of kutas at the four corners and sala in between , over the sides .
The oblong sanctum facing west was perhaps intended for a reclining form of Vishnu with his head to the south and legs to the north .
The oblong griva , which rises as an upper continuation of the garbha - griha walls , is rather tall .
On each of the two long sides of the griva sikhara are five well - projected nasikas in three sizes , the central one being the largest , the extreme ones middling , and the intermediate one being the smallest .
The three larger ones represent full nasikas with the prastara element in their composition .
But even a deeper conflict is that of personal loyalties .
Should one , if faced with a relentless choice , betray one ' s conscience or one ' s religion , one ' s country or one ' s faith , the " pledge of friendship or that of love ?
There is no answer to this dilemma and the choice must take its tragic course .
The next major volume of verse , Chaitali , was published in 1896 .
Chaitali means a late harvest , the last gleanings of rice gathered in the month of Chaitra ( March - April ) , before the fierce sun of May burns out the last drop of moisture from the earth .
It was as though the poet was . dimly aware that the period of his life ' s Spring was drawing to a close , the emotional exuberance and intellectual recklessness of early manhood would soon shed many of its leaves and petals in the hot blasts of an increasing spiritual austerity .
A gentle , brooding sadness lurks in the mood these poems and a dim foreboding of the parting of these poems and a dim foreboding of the parting of ways .
Before the sense of India ' s past overwhelms him in the next phase , he will glean a few immortal moments from the immediate present .
Occasionally also , one or more of the other seven parivara shrines deviate in form , as , for example , the apsidal or gaja - prishtha ( elephant back ) sub - shrine for Gajanana or Ganesa found in the Sundaresvara temple at Nangavaram ( Tiruchirapalli district ) .
The cult of Chandesa as the mulabhritya , or chief seneschal of a Siva temple , which had its emergence even in the time of Rajasimha Pallava as seen in his Kailasanatha at Kanchi , had now become crystallized and one of the ashta parivara sub - shrines on the north was assigned to him till about AD 1000 .
The Balasubrahmanya temple at Kannanur and the Siva temple at Viralur ( both in Pudukkottai district ) are examples of the kind where the griva and sikhara are circular in section , mounted over the square body of the ekatala vimana .
The former carries on the four corners of its aditala four elephant figures as symbols for Subrahmanya Kartikeya , instead of the later and usual peacock forms .
The dvitala Talinatha temple at Tiruppattur ( Ramanathapuram district ) and the similar Siva temple in Tiruvalisvaram ( Tirunelveli district ) are slightly larger examples .
The former has four karnakuta miniature shrines at the corners of the topmost tala in place of the Nandis .
The latter is noted for its fine sculptures and cameos in relief on its walls and superstructure , amongst which is to be found the well - known ananda - tandava of Siva Nataraja , perhaps the earliest depiction of this characteristically crystallized and sublimated concept of Tamil Nadu and its unique contribution to Indian and world art .
The celebrated icon of Nataraja in the characteristic ananda - tandava pose , depicting , esoterically , the pancha kritya of Siva of Tamilian Saiva Siddhanta , as ably described and interpreted by Coomaraswamy , makes its advent late in the ninth century .
The Saiva saint , Manikkavachakar is the first among the Nayanmars to refer to this form and aspect of Siva ' s dance and the small Tiruvalisvaram panel ( c . AD 890 ) is perhaps the first to capture the imagery in stone .
It occurs as a niche sculpture in stone , perhaps for the first time , in the devakoshtha of the south wall of the ardha - mandapa in the temple at Konerirajapuram ( Thanjavur district ) and becomes a usual feature in that position in the other early Chola temples .
The Vijayalaya Cholisvaram in Narttamalai ( Pudukkottai district ) , though so called after the founder of the Chola line of Thanjavur , is an interesting and fine Muttaraiyar example .
The sandhara aditala of this tritala structure is square on plan externally with an almost equal - sized closed mandapa in front , while its inner wall enclosing the sanctum is circular , leaving an intervening passage all round .
The second tala rising over the inner circular wall is square , while the third , as also the griva and sikhara above , is circular in section .
The aditala ham , extended over the top of the front mandapa , also shows a series of dance sculptures .
But for these and the dvarapalas at the mandapa entrance , the sculptures on the four faces at the top and the cylindrical linga with circular pitha in the sanctum , there are not many sculptures .
The west - facing complex is surrounded by the ashta parivara and a prakara with a small gopura entrance on the east located near the north - east corner at the top of a slopy ascent on the rock over which the temple is built .
Its two square lower talas of the superposed sanctum type , with a double - walled square sandhara aditala leaving a passage in between the walls are functional and have tirthankara forms enshrined in their sanctums .
The hara of the aditala over the top of the outer wall , consisting of kuta , sala and panjara elements , is continued over the top edges of the front mandapas .
The hara contains a series of fine sculptures .
This was the work of Chavundaraya , the minister of Ganga Rachamalla ( 974 - 984 ) .
The base of the colossus is surrounded by a malika of granite , built by Gangaraya , the minister of Hoysala Vishnuvardhana ( 1110 - 1152 ) , and the mandapa abutting the lower part of the colossus from behind was built by another minister , Baladeva , in the twelfth century .
The Ganga temple at Kambadahalli near Sravana Belagola , also Jain , is interesting on account of the fact that its three principal vimanas of moderate dimensions and built wholly of granite open into the three sides of a common mandapa , the fourth side of which on the north affords the common outer entrance a grouping called trikuta .
To this complex have been added two more lateral vimanas in front of the common mandapa of the trikuta nucleus .
The whole is surrounded by a prakara with a small gopura entrance on the north .
This complex called Panchakuta basti ( Jam temple ) in Kambadahalli ( Hassan district ) , besides being a unique combination of units illustrating the ternary classification of the southern vimanas as Nagara , Dravida and Vesara , is interesting in its other aspects too .
Particularly may be mentioned the variety of niche toranas framing the devakoshthas , that depict the different forms of toranas described in the texts and inscriptions , such as the patra torana , chitra torana , makara torana , vidyadhara torana , etc .
This temple complex in thus exemplifying the various features of the vimana form as enumerated and codified in the Silpa and Agama texts of the period , can be said to be a perfect text - book illustration or specimen to be studied in comparison with the texts .
The granite temples of Nandi ( Kolar district ) , the capital of the Banas , are of Ganga - Nolamba extraction .
The small and earlier Yoganandisvara on top of the hill is not architecturally impressive , while the larger twin temples of Bhoganandisvara and Arunachalesvara , both of the square type , at the foot of hill are .
This nuclear twin is enlarged with the addition of later axial mandapas and peripheral structures into a complex with prakara and gopura on the east .
The Bhoganandisvara , earlier of the two , is evidently a renovation of a pre - existing structure , and is noted for the fineness of its structure and beauty of its sculptures .
The Arunachalesvara would appear to be almost a later copy of the Bhoganandisvara .
Thus it would appear to be no more than a large assembly hall converted into a temple with a shrine inside at the rear .
The large mandapa of the Ladkhan temple with its improvised shrine at the rear with an unconventional slopy roof standing on an adhishthana of its own was rightly suspected to have been originally the hall of the village moot ( Percy Brown ) .
A case in point will be what is nowadays called the Vaikunthaperumal temple in Uttiramerur ( Chingleput district ) , a later Pallava structure , which we have not noticed in our preceding account of temples of the period .
What is extant of this sabha - mandapa or grand assembly hall of Uttirameru - Chaturvedi mangalam , constructed , evidently for the village sabha or assembly , is only the magnificent , stone - built plinth , the upa - pitha and the adhishthana , the columned superstructure that stood over it having been lost .
The extant moulded basement is in hard granite stone .
An inscription of the twenty - fourth year of Pallava Nandivarman III , on the extant structure itself calls it a mandapa , not a temple ( vimana ) .
The structure is of the time of Dantivarman ( AD 796 - 846 ) .
Incidentally it carries the famous inscription of the twelfth and fourteenth years of Parantaka I Chola ( AD 919 - 921 ) , laying down the rules and conditions for eligibility in elections to and the manner of the constitution of the village assemblyperhaps the earliest inscription known as relating to elections to the village administrative bodies .
These temples have all a typically Chalukyan plinth form , with nirandhara or single - walled aditala and with a narrower ardha - mandapa in front .
By about AD 1000 , imperial Chola power had reached its zenith , its authority having spread over the entire Tamil region and Kerala , parts of south Mysore and coastal Andhra , and even overseas to Sri Lanka , the Andamans , the Laccadives and the Maldives .
The contemporary rival power , the Rashtrakutas in the Deccan , soon gave way to the resurgent Chalukyas of Kalyani , the Western Chalukyas or later Chalukyas , as they are often called .
With the experience and know how acquired in stone construction , technique and design , and with the forms and norms crystallized into codified Agama and Silpa manuals , the period that followed witnessed great activity in the construction of temples , particularly the great ones of south India and Sri Lanka .
THE CHOLA AND THE LATER PANDYA SERIES The Brihadisvara temple at Thanjavur closely followed by the Brihadisvara at Gangaikondacholapuram ( Tiruchirapalli district ) mark the acme of the southern vimana architecturein magnitude , quality of design , technique and embellishment .
The great temple at Thanjavur , appropriately called the Brihadisvara , or the Rajarajesvara after its builder Rajaraja I , conceived as a whole complex on a grand scale and completed by the founder , constitutes the most ambitious undertaking and achievement of the Tamilian architect .
It combines all that is best in temple - building traditionarchitecture , sculpture , painting and allied arts .
It is a large complex with an enormous monolithic Nandi recumbent on a high pedestal in front of the vimana and its coeval axial mandapa , but now sheltered in a mandapa of a much later date .
A rich disciple proud of his wealth came to the Sikh Guru and offered a pair of gold bangles in wrought with precious stones .
The Guru let one bangle slip from his hand into the river below .
The disciple jumped into the river to retrieve the costly gift .
Failing to find it he begged the Guru to indicate the exact spot where it had fallen .
The Guru threw the remaining bangle into the water and said , " There ! "
Here is one about an ancient Hindu sage who taught the sacred sciences to young Brahmins .
A little boy , poor but eager to learn , came and begged ' to be accepted as a pupil .
The sage asked him if he was a Brahmin and who his father was .
The child ran to his mother to inquire and came back and reported that his mother said she had no husband and all the wealth that God had given her was in her little boy .
The sage embraced the boy and said , " You are the best of Brahmins , for you have inherited the noblest heritage truth . "
The Kasi - Visvesvara temple at Lakkundi , and the Mahadeva temple at Ittagi , also not far from Gadag , mark among others the zenith of architecture and art in this area under the Western Chalukyas .
The date of the latter temple is precisely indicated by its inscription as AD 1112 .
The main vimana , extant only up to the griva , the sikhara and stupi having been lost , is a square five - storeyed structure standing on an elaborately moulded adhishthana with a sukanasika projected from the level of the fourth tala over the antarala roof .
The entire vimana on each side is thrown out into five prominent bays , the central one being the most projected , with four narrower recesses in between , the bays again offset repeatedly , so that the plan is apparently a scalloped one .
The hara on each side of the tala in correspondence with the width of the bays is made of two karnakutas , one at either end , a central sola , and two intervening panjaras .
The most projected central bay of each side of the aditala with sala superstfucture embraces deep arid broad niches forming miniature sanctums , making the whole appear like lesser vimanas , with their pillars , prastara and superstructure clustering round the ' base of the central one , while the corner ones , corresponding to the karnakutas , have narrower and shallower fronts .
The navaranga forms a larger square in front , its outer walls and adhishthana similarly relieved and recessed , and with similar external ornamentation .
What is more interesting is its highly ornate and raised central ceiling , and the fine carvings on its tier slabs , particularly those cutting the corners of the ceiling of square bays .
This mandapa is provided with three entrances , east , south and north , with pillared porches , the front one connecting it with an open multi - pillared agra - mandapa axially in front , which again has three porches on its three sides .
The excessive decorative elements of this temple , as also the plan and other features , indicate its proximity in time to the typical temples of the Hoysalas and Kakatiyas who came after them to power in this region in the late twelfth and early thirteenth centuries .
There is the Buddhist tale of the monk Upagupta , a disciple of the Buddha .
This handsome young monk was sleeping on the ground outside the city wall of Mathura when suddenly something struck against his chest and he woke up with a start .
Vasavadatta , the beautiful courtesan of the city , had stumbled against him in the dark on her way to a tryst with a lover .
She turned her lantern on the monk and seeing how handsome he was , invited him to go with her to her house , for " this hard and rough ground is no bed for you . "
The monk looked at her and said softly , " O bunch of loveliness , not yet .
Go where you are going now . When the time comes I shall myself come to you . "
The days passed and one day as the monk was passing again by the city wall he noticed a woman lying sick and abandoned on the ground .
The monk sat down beside the unconscious body and raising the woman ' s head rested it in his lap , poured water on her dry lips , smeared the body with cool and fragrant sandal paste and chanted prayers for her recovery .
The woman opened her eyes and asked , " Who are y6u , O merciful one ? " The monk answered , " Vasavadatta , I have come to keep my tryst . "
In another poem called , " The Loss is Negligible , " the poet tells the following story : On a winter morning the Queen of Kashi went with her companions to bathe in the Ganges .
The Of the temples of the Kakatiyas of Orangallu , or Warangal , the temples at Hanamkonda and Palampet are the most well known , and typical of their architecture and art .
The so - called ' thousand - pillared temple ' at Hanamkonda ( Warangal district ) , built by King Prataparudra in 1162 , shows well the transition from the late Western Chalukyan to the Kakatiya style .
The main part consists of a trikuta or triple shrine of considerable dimensions and dedicated to Siva , Vishnu and Surya , all the three opening into A common mandapa on its west , north and east , respectively , and the whole standing over a common platform .
The mandapa has open corners between the three shrines and on its two sides , and its pillars inside are lathe - turned .
This is attached in front of the unit to an intervening Nandi - mandapa .
Another interesting feature of this ruined temple within the fort is the elaborate freestanding toranas marking the entrances .
The temples at Palampet ( Warangal district ) form another interesting group .
The bases of the peripheral pillars of the mandapa are also connected by a vedi and a balustrade forming the lean - back of the kakshasana .
While the main structure is of reddish sandstone , the decorations are of polished basalt or hornblende , which are stones of the hard variety .
It consists of a vimana with a mukha - mandapa in front that is provided with three projected porch entrances , preceded by flights of steps on the north , east and south , while the garbha - griha is attached to the west with a connecting antarala .
The whole stands on a prominent and well - moulded upa - pitha .
The wall of the garbha - griha over the adhishthana on each face has five prominently relieved pilasters , the central one wider than the lateral pairs , and the prastara on top has a slopy , flat , plain cornice .
The recesses between the pilasters contain the usual short and slender pilaster motif surmounted by a shrine superstructure over its abacus .
The superstructure of the main vimana , now ruined , appears to have been of four talas or storeys with a prominently projected sukanasika on the front side over the antarala , a Nandi placed on top of it .
The main structure is like the great temple of Palampet in size , plan and elevation .
The whole stands on a double plinth , as usual , the wider upa - pitha platform below and the adhishthana , or the real base of the structures above , leaving an open ambulatory all round .
Over the adhishthana of the mandapa there is the usual dwarf wall , or vedi parapet forming kakshasanas and supporting the shorter peripheral pillars at the corners and on either side of each porch entrance .
The bracket - figures represent madanikas in graceful poses , and vyalas surmounting elephants , each with a human torso emerging out of its gape .
Inside the mandapa there are minor shrines arranged on the periphery , five of them extant , as in the Palampet temple again .
The roof of the mandapa is lost .
The sala type roof or chadya over this vestibule , rising to the height of the next vimana tala , is again a system of superposed cornices .
The sukanasa with its longer side , east - west , has a torana mukhapatti framing its front that has a framed door - opening leading into the vestibule in the lower rectangular face and the sculptured relief of dancing Siva inside the arch fronting the upper or roof part of the sukanasa , a feature that is common to temples of the Chalukyan and northern areas .
Thus this unique temple , which is a bold experiment , as it were , in the blending of architectural features , borrowed from far and near , and cleverly harmonized with a unique plan and elevational lay - out , is an interesting early Vijayanagar production of great merit .
The intention was to make it a sort of universal amalgam of different regional architectural styles with its eclectism in the sculpture too , in view of the importance of the spiritual Among the temples in Hampi following by and large the traits of the southern group may be mentioned the Vitthala temple , which is one of the largest there .
It is , in fact , a great complex planned and built at one time , with vimana , axial mandapas , garuda - mandapa , other mandapas , including kalyana - mandapas , cloister prakam and gopuras .
It was commenced by Krishnadeva Raya in 1513 and was perhaps still not completed when the empire fell in 1565 after which the capital was shifted to Penukonda .
The mandapas and gopuras are , as in all Vijayanagar temples , remarkable for their great size .
The mandapas are often of the thousand - pillared variety .
So , even as he was re - interpreting his nation ' s , moral heritage to equate it with his own universal and humanist outlook , he was at the same time pouring out his personal agonies and playing with vagaries of thought and form in a series of exquisite lyrics and songs published consecutively in three volumes , each a landmark in his own development as well as in the literature of his country .
Whatever Plato might have said of " the pleasurable Muse " she was Rabindranath ' s first and last love and whenever he strayed away from her for long , he went back to her with renewed ardour . In the very first poem of the next volume , Kalpana ( Dreams ) , he is aware of his immense need for space , even when bereft of light , and exhorts his spirit not to give up soaring , however vain the beating of its wings .
Bengali year ends in April when the hotwinds blow and violentdust - storms sweep over the plains , followed by a merciful shower . On such a day the poem was in fact written and one can still hear in its passionate rhythm the convulsive fury of the time spirit as it destroys the old and brings in the new .
But by and large the poet ' s instinctive and pagan love of nature , his voluptuous delight in its varying moods , is now weighed down with melancholy reflection .
He sees a temple in ruins and pity for the deity , neglected and unworshipped , wells up in his heart Men have found other gods .
A lovely poemwhich might also have interested Freud reproaches the god Siva for having burn to ashes , in a foolish fit of anger , the love - god Madana .
For the ashes , carried away by the wind , are now scattered all over the earth and the anguish of sex repressed never ceases to trouble men .
The poet ' s foreboding of the spiritual crisis and the cross that lay ahead of him is also reflected in several poems .
The lower part of the abacus , the pali , which was a plain doucene in the Pallava and early Chola temples and got scalloped into petals in the later Chola period , evolves still more into a floral form with the petals , idal . The corbel evolves into what is called the pushpa potika , characteristic of the Vijayanagar style , with a double - flexed arm extending , projected from the main block and scalloped at the free end as upturned petals with an incipient conical bud at the centre .
The downwardly flexed arm has a horizontal connective bar below it , connecting the free tip with the main block .
The kumbha panjara motif on the wall recesses of vimanas , gopuras and mandapas is made more ornate and elaborate .
The cornice , which was till now thick and curved down , becomes large , much thin and with a double flexure , and extends far forward , often showing the imitation in stone of the wooden ribs of the frame - work supporting it .
In the case of mandapas , like the kalyana - mandapa of the Varadaraja temple at Kanchipuram , one of the finest examples of such kind , the corners of the kapota have large stone chains dangling down , all the links , including the cornice stone - piece from which it hangs down being cut out of one stone .
These mandapas , the kalyana - or utsava - mandapas , are noted for their fine and intricately - worked colonnades in hard - stone .
The aniyottikkals , as they are called , are characteristic of the Vijayanagar style .
The superstructure of the stone vimanas or gopuras are of brick and mortar , often with timber inside if they are not built in the corbelled or kadalika karana fashion .
Such immense gopuras were added to the outermost prakara of pre - existing temple complexes of importance and are called rayagopurams , sometimes as many as eleven storeys high , as in the Ekamranatha at Kanchi , the Arunachala at Tiruvannamalai ( North Arcot district ) and the large Siva temple at Kalahasti ( Chittoor district ) , all built by the great emperor , Krishnadeva Raya ( 1502 - 1529 ) .
The Vitthala complex stands inside a high - walled , paved enclosure , with three gopura entrances , south and north .
There are also axial and accessory mandapas and ancillary shrines .
The axial series consisting of vimanas with front mandapas stands on an ornate platform , carved with friezes of men , horses , hamsa , and small shrine motifs .
The steps leading up to the frontal agra - mandapa are flanked by the large stone elephants .
The agra - mandapa itself contains huge monolithic pillars with carved - out columnettes , or with large vyalas having riders on their backs .
The superstructure of the vimana is of brickwork .
There are also shrines for other attendant deities in the courtyard .
The Krishna temple built by Krishnadeva Raya in 1513 is another handsome temple complex with the usual components of attendant shrines , the mandapas and pillared malikas and gopura .
Built by Achyuta Raya ( 1530 - 1542 ) , it is noted for its great size and huge proportions .
The Achyuta Raya temple built in 1539 is another large structure inside a double prakara with gopuras and an Amman shrine , mandapas and cloister , designed on lines similar to the famous Vitthala temple , though it will not bear comparison with that superb creation .
Its pillars are , however , handsome and it contains some fine sculptures .
The temple was dedicated to Anantasayin Vishnu , but the deity is now missing .
The shrine front has three doors to render the head , body and feet of the reclining god visible from the antarala .
Among them are the presence of the sukanasika in front of the vimana superstructure , the occurrence of the sculptures of the river goddess on the door - jambs , and ornate over - doors , often delicately carved in softstone and fitted over the plain granite door - frames , as in the temples at Tadpatri ( Anantapur district ) .
Then there is the navaranga pattern of the mandapas , as opposed to the linear multi - pillared type of the farther south , and free - standing toranas as in the temples on top of the hill at Chitaldrug ( Mysore state ) .
The Hazara Rama temple was probably begun earlier and Was completed by Krishnadeva Raya .
This temple is devoid of the characteristic gopura but its prakara walls are decorated by friezes , externally depicting dance , music and folk festivals .
The central power was much weakened .
The Vijayanagar viceroys in the southern regions , the Nayakas , gradually assumed independent powers .
Some of them fostered temple architecture and created some notable temples .
They were the Nayakas of Vellore ( North Arcot district ) , Gingee ( South Arcot district ) , Thanjavur and Madurai in Tamil Nadu , and Ikkeri in north - west Mysore .
The Nayaka period in Tamil Nadu witnessed the addition of elaborate mandapas of the hundred - pillared type , and larger gopuras with a greater number of plastic stucco figures on them , as at Vellore and Madurai , their tallest gopura superstructure being at Srivilliputtur ( Ramanathapuram district ) in front of the Vatapatrasayin temple .
The kalyana - manflapa of the Jalakanth - esvara temple at Vellore , and a similar one in the eastern prakara of the famous Ranganatha temple at Srirangam , like the earlier Vijayanagar structure in the Varadaraja temple at Kanchi , are two of the great masterpieces of the time .
They are of the multi - pillared type , having a facade row of remarkably sculptured columns carrying almost full - size monolithic figure sculptures of rearing horses with warrior - riders and retinue and other animal figures of the hunt .
Most constituents of the large temple complex at Madurai on all sides of the nuclear shrine are of Nayaka origin , mostly of the time of Tirumalai Nayaka ( 1623 - 1659 ) , including the great mandapas and towering gopuras on all the four sides .
The Pudu mandapam in the Minakshi - Sundaresvara temple at Madurai , and the front mandapa in the temple at Krishnapuram are notable examples in this respect among hundreds of others .
The Subrahmanya temple unit , with vimana ardha - and mukha - mandapas standing in the north - west court of the Brihadisvara temple complex , is a typical example of the Nayaka temple of the ornate variety and a real gem of its kind .
Built of fine - grained granite , it exhibits in the mouldings of its adhishthana and pilasters of its wall some fine and intricate engraving .
The characteristic kumbha panjara in the wall - recesses between pilasters is rendered highly ornate , as also the pushpa potika corbel of the capitals over the pillars and polygonal pilasters , with the pendent bud at the tip of the curved arm taking the shape of a full lotus bud .
The double - flexed kapota is thin and elegant showing the ribbed supporting frame - work on its under side .
The griva and sikhara of the square vimana are hexagonal , in conformity with the six - faced Shanmukha form of Subrahmanya installed in the sanctum .
This and other temples thus formed easily the pattern for the living art of the modern sthapati or temple - builder of south India .
Such work can be seen in the rock fort temple at Tiruchirapalli , Madurai , and other places .
The entire temple complex inside the Vellore fort including the kalayana - mandapa and gopura , as also much of the Virinchipuram temple near Vellore , is the work of the Bommi Nayakas of Vellore , What we see , however , of temples or their ruins inside the extensive fort at Gingee and its neighbourhood is the creation of Gingee Nayakas .
Similarly , there are many small Nayaka temples inside the Chandragiri fort .
There are a few granite stone - built temples of the Hoysala times , built when a collateral branch of the dynasty ruled over parts of Tamil Nadu with the capital at Kannanur near Srirangam and Jambuk - esvaram .
They are all built in the local regional style in logical continuation of the late Pandya temples of Tamil Nadu and consequently heralding features of the Vijayanagar temples of Tamil Nadu that followed .
Such temples of the Hoysala times are to be found in Kannanur , some 6 kms from Srirangam ( Posalesvara , called locally Bhojesvara ) and in Jambukesvaram , in the eastern part of the Srirangam island .
There are a few more constructed by the Hoysala generals and administrators , in the Tiruchirapalli and Pudukkottai districts , for example the temple unit at Sembattur ( Pudukkottai ) .
These temples built during the Hoysala interregnum reveal in their architecture and sculpture only the local regional norms , and not of the Hoysala patterns as known in their home country ( Karnataka ) built of soft soapstone .
The Srirangam Venugopala temple shows noticeably far advanced architectural and sculptural features of the local regional style .
The sculpture of the tall , slender - built graceful maidens , perhaps many of them depicting gopis , besides salabhanjikas in different attitudes and poses , contrast with the short - built and buxom madanikas , of Belur , Halebid and similar feminine sculpture in other centres of Hoysala art .
The Venugopala temple sculptures may bear comparison , if one is at all required , with the similar hardstone caryatid ( madanika ) sculptures of the Kakatiyas and , nearer home , with those at Krishnapuram and Tenkasi ( Tkunelveli district ) and in the Pudu mandapam and other parts of the Madurai - Minakshi - Sundaresvara temple .
The Ikkeri Nayakas have left temples of a Chalukyan affiliation in their capital towns of Ikkeri , Keladi , and in other places in their area .
The Aghoresvara temple at Ikkeri ( Shimoga district ) is the largest and finest of the Ikkeri style of temples .
It will be evident that this system of tiered arrangement of slopy roof slabs or cornices curved one over the other was best suited to a region of high rainfall , as was the original Kadamba region on the west coast .
It may be said that this form with either type of top member and devoid of or with the sukanasika is more or less a cross between the typical northern prasada superstructure and the southern vim ' ana form .
This type is exemplified by the Mallikarjuna group ( c . eighth century ) near the Galaganatha temple at Aihole , the Lakulisa temple on the way to the bhutanatha group in the Badami valley and in the Mahakutesvar group , all of the Badami - Chalukya - Rashtrakuta origin .
The group of smaller shrines behind the Mahanandisvara temple complex at Mahanandi ( Kurnool district ) , and the Papanasanam group of temples in Alampur , are of this type in the Eastern Chalukyan territory .
Eight of the nine structures of the Lakshmi Devi temple complex in Doddagaddavalli ( Hassan district , Mysore ) built in 1113 are of this type belonging to the Hoysala period .
In the Eastern Chalukyan area comprising the district of Kurnool , Mahboobnagar and Guntur , we have such rekha - prasada - type temples built from the seventh - eighth centuries .
In the navabrahma complex of nine temples in Alampur , all except the tarakabrahma , which is of the southern vimana type , are of this variety .
They mostly date earlier than AD 713 when , as stated in an inscription , the prakara enclosing the whole group was built by Isanacharya .
They are mostly nirandhara while a few are sandhara .
Each unit consists of a sanctum with a well - proportioned tri ratha sikhara , an antarala and pillared mandapa with a two - tiered flat roof .
The whole axial series has a single entrance in front and a continuous wall surrounding it , forming also the outer wall of the cell in the sandhara type .
The exterior wall faces are richly carved with niches , surmounted by udgama motifs containing fine sculptures and lattice windows .
The carvings are fine , and reminiscent of the central Indian and Rajasthani styles .
The Balabrahma is the most advanced and elaborate specimen of the group .
Most of these temples , some with original foundations dating from the tenth - eleventh centuries , have been considerably renovated and reconstructed in their upper parts in recent centuries and as a result do not reveal much that can be attributed to or interpreted as evolutionary trends .
Usually what goes unnoticed is the internal make - up and structural contents of the srikoyil , since , by ritual , tradition and convention , the interior of the Kerala temple is totally inaccessible to any except the ordinated priesthood .
What one perceives of the srikoyil is in fact an external shell , as it were , of a core vimana or garbhakudya inside .
The internal core containing the garbha or sanctum is in essentials a vimana form as found elsewhere in the south , often with a full complement of its angas in the tiered superstructure over the cella , including the crest or sikhara , or more commonly ending up with its griva ; in either case the superstructure is raised up over the cella by the system of internal corbelling or kadalika karana .
The plan of this nuclear unit often does not correspond with the ground plan of the srikoyil and its plinth and it is usual to find that the cella is square , inside what is externally a circular or apsidal structure or vice versa .
The ultimate external conical ( domical ) or ridged roof either covers the inner sikhara over the nuclear inner structure like an umbrella with its stupi or it is made to rest on the top of the griva itself , forming sikhara with stupi as common to both .
While , essentially , the nuclear fane or the sanctum sanctorum is of the usual vimana type as found developed in the mainland part east of the Western Ghats , the outer srikoyil structure is an adaptation to form a protective armour , so to say , shielding the inner core from the excessive and continuous monsoon precipitation of the western littoral , much like an umbrella single - or multiple - tieredor a shell .
He is not afraid of pain any longer .
It is fear that distorts the truth . " Far as I gaze at the depth of Thy immensity , I find no trace there of sorrow or death or separation .
This volume of one hundred poems appropriately entitled " Offering " was dedicated by the author to his venerable eighty - three year old fatherin grateful acknowledgement of his debt to him , for the spiritual and moral wealth enshrined in its pages was in a sense the Maharshi ' s gift to him .
When he read out these poems in manuscript to his father , the latter was so pleased that he gave his son a purse to meet the expenses of publication of the volume .
For even in his other worldly and God - conscious moods , Rabindranath could not and would not avert his face from this life and earth .
" I feel the embrace of freedom in a thousand bonds of delight . " Love of God and love of life went hand in hand in him and vindicated and fulfilled one another . Hymns to the divine were also prayers for his people , as in the well - known poem , " Where the mind is without fear and the head is held high . . . "
But Bahadur Shah had neither the guts , nor the power , nor the will left to say anything .
The first question that arises on this trial is whether under the rules of International Law , it is possible to try a king like a common man , there is no doubt that Bahadur Shah was a King and was recognised as such .
The Britishers , prior to 1857 , were no sovereign rulers of India and Bahadur Shah was not their subject , though he was awarded a pension .
During the war of independence , in 1857 , a stage came when Delhi became de jure and de facto independent of the Company ' s rule and Bahadur Shah was declared as King Emperor .
In such circumstances , it can be said that trying Bahadur Shah as a traitor , was not proper according to law and finds no justification anywhere .
Though according to law of evidence , the prosecutor placed before the court enough material to prove the charge , it remained legally untested as Bahadur Shah was in no position to cross - examine or defend himself , nor was he provided any legal aid .
The conditions in the country were such at the time that no one , having any legal knowldege , had the courage to come forward to defend Bahadur Shah .
The verdict cannot be termed as a judicial verdict after hearing both the parties .
The manner in which Bahadur Shah was brought to Delhi after the defeat and the way the evidence was recorded , leaves no doubt that the whole trial was a farce .
Bahadur Shah , a sovereign , should not have been tried at all .
Moreover , he was not in a mental state to face such a trial and defend himself effectively .
He was 82 - years - old .
Every friend and follower , including his wife , Zeenat Mahal , had almost deserted him .
The trial lasted more than two months .
At no stage was there any doubt about the verdict .
On the 29th of March , 1858 , Bahadur Shah was found guilty of all the charges and . subsequently sentenced to be transported for life to Rangoon .
He left Delhi in October , 1858 accompanied by Jawan Bakht , another young son he had by a concubine , and by a most unwilling Zeenat Mahal , who , by now " quite tired of him " , described him as " a troublesome , nasty , crass old fellow " .
He died on 7th November , 1862 in Rangoon .
Not only was the grievous wrong not redressed , he was not even permitted to enrol himself as a barrister .
On his return to India in June , 1875 , Surendra Nath began afresh as a Professor of English , first in the Metropolitan Institution , then in the Free Church College and later in the . college founded by him and named Ripon College ( now known as Surendra Nath College ) .
During his teaching lessons as well as public lectures , he fired his listeners with a new zeal by talking at length on the life and teachings of J . Mazzini , on the life history of Shivaji , and the Sikhs , etc .
He founded , on 26th July , 1876 , the Indian Association which was intended to be the centre of an all - Indian political movement .
He undertook tours all over India to awaken the spirit of unity and solidarity among the people .
Surendra Nath ' s popularity can fee gauged from the fact that there was a total " hartal ' in Bengal when he was sentenced to imprisonment on the charge of contempt of court for remarks made by him in his paper , ' The Bengalee ' , against the Chief Justice of the Calcutta High Court for ordering a Hindu to produce the image of his household deity in the court .
Surendra Nath played a leading role in the Indian National Congress too , and twice became its president in 1895 and 1902 .
It is undoubtedly due to the part played by Surendra Nath and his colleagues in Bengal that the Indian National Congress came to be looked upon , after the second session , as the handiwork of the Bengalis .
He took part in the agitation against the partition of Bengal in 1905 and in the subsequent ' Swadeshi ' and ' Boycott ' movements .
His leadership at the Barisal Conference made him the ' uncrowned king of Bengal ' .
He was a frank and fearless man and for his undaunted courage was imprisoned for contempt of the High Court .
He spoke against corrupt judiciary and set an example for times to come and paved the way for the right of freedom of expression .
Surendra Nath Banerjea was editor of an English newspaper in which he wrote a leading article on 28th April , 1883 .
This article was based on the report published in Brahmo Public Opinion stating that one of the judges of the High Court of Calcutta , Mr Justice Norris , had ordered a Hindu litigant to bring his household deity ( Saligram ) for identifiction in the court .
It seems that on previous occasions also , Justice Norris had acted with prejudice against the Indians while deciding cases .
Such a report enraged the feelings of a large section of the Indian population in Bengal and Surendra Nath Banerjea , Who was known for his fearlessness and courage , wrote an article severely castigating the conduct of the judge .
He wrote : This article created a stir not only in Bengal but all over India , offending the sentiments of Hindus besides angering the judiciary , particularly the English judges .
The language of the article was strident and censorious .
It was a frontal attack on judiciary and more particularly . upon a sitting English judge of the High Court .
" I say most emphatically , that if I had known or had any reason to believe , that the statements of the Bmhmo Public Opinion a foresaid were in any respect inaccurate , I would not have made the observations I have , and I am truly sorry that I was misled into making them , and I withdraw them unreservedly ; but I repeat that my observations were made perfectly bona fide , and without any motive of any description whatsoever other than the motive to promote public good .
" That the circumstances of British India are such , that this hon ' ble court and the other High Courts in the other presidencies are looked upon , and I believe justly looked upon , as the staunchest , the most upright and the most impartial upholders of the just rights and privileges of all sections of the community , and any action on the part of any hon ' ble and learned judge of these hon ' ble courts tending to show the least disregard of such rights and privileges is viewed with great alarm by the community , and I conceive that it is the duty of all journalists to maintain that no such disregard is shown . "
Challenging the jurisdiction of the High Court in issuing the notice , he submitted : " That I am advised , that this hon ' ble court has no jurisdiction to issue the said rule , or to deal with me or the said Ramcoomar Dey summarily ; but the question , I am also advised , is one of extreme difficulty , and I know it to be one of great public importance , and one which will require much time and attention to be dealt with as , in my judgment , it should be dealt with . "
He had the courage to say that a case like his could not be tried summarily .
Though he had tendered an apology and wanted time , no time was granted and the case was taken up on 4 / 5 May , 1883 before the Chief Justice and four judges of the High Court , viz .
Garth , The Chief Justice with whom Cunningham J . , McDonell J . , and Norris J . concurred , delivered the verdict of the court , shows how sensitive were English judges and how harsh they were in such cases .
The case was taken up on 4th May , 1883 and the judgment was delivered the next day .
Your counsel , though invited to do so , has wholly failed to explain to the satisfaction of the court why that article was inserted .
And you must have known perfectly well that the affidavits , upon which the rule was issued , were not directed to the subject of that article .
" These matters in your affidavit , so far from extenuating your offence , appear to the court to be an aggravation of it .
" The judges are at a loss to understand how a libel so gross could possibly have been inserted in your paper in good faith ' and they find great difficulty in believing that a gentleman of your education , and a newspaper editor , could be so utterly ignorant of the law of libel as to suppose that you were at liberty to publish these attacks upon the conduct and character of a High Court judge , merely because you found them , though in a less virulent form , in another native newspaper .
" The court is quite willing to make some allowance for your affidavit having been drawn , as your counsel informed us was the case , in a hurry and without consideration . But they cannot look upon it , for the reasons which I have just mentioned , as any extenuation of your offence . To admonish Surendra Nath Banerjea , the Chief Justice awarded the following sentence :
" We feel that it is absolutely necessary to vindicate and maintain the authority of the court and to guard against the repetition of the grave offence which you have committed , by imposing upon you not a fine , ( which in your case would be mere nominal penalty ) , but such a substantial punishment as may serve as a wholesome warning to yourself and others .
The court order is that you be imprisoned on the civil side of Presidency Jail for the space of two months . "
In the history of British judiciary in India it was for the first time such a severe sentence was imposed on a public man for contempt of the court , who had fully explained the position and expressed regrets .
It was an accepted practice , though not a rule , that whenever the contemner offered unconditional apology , he would be generally admonished and no jail sentence would be awarded unless the contemner remained unrelented or the nature of the offence was such as a fine would not be sufficient punishment .
In the guise of semblance of justice , the High Court was keen to teach a lesson not only to Surendra Nath Banerjea but to warn Indians in general that it would not allow any criticism of a British judge .
But after giving my best consideration to the question of the punishment that should be inflicted , I am unable to agree with the view of the majority of the court .
There have been in this court two cases of a similar nature since its establishment .
The matter was discussed fully , and after the court had pronounced its decision that they were guilty , suitable apologies were made .
" In the case before us , the persons charged with contempt have at once admitted their guilt , and have expressed their deep regret at having unwittingly cast an undeserved slur upon a learned judge of this court .
" In the first mentioned case , Sir Barnes Peacock , C . J . , in delivering the judgment , said : ' Although the majority of the judges were of the opinion that both these gentlemen , i . e . the persons charged with contempt , had acted in contempt of court , they did not wish to visit the offence with any punishment .
" In the other case the sentence of the court was that Mr Taylor should stand committed for one month to the civil side of the Presidency Jail , and that he should pay a fine of Rs 500 and that he should be further imprisoned till the fine was paid .
There Sir Barnes Peacock , C . J . , referring to an apology which had been published by Mr Taylor before this sentence was passed , said , lf you think fit to add to the apology which you have already published ( and it is for you to decide whether you can conscientiously do so of not ) , the court is willing to mitigate the sentence .
Tilak was tried and convicted for sedition by an English jury after three weeks of prolonged trial in the Bombay High Court wherein he led his own defence .
The immortal words with which he greeted his conviction are now enshrined in a tablet in the Central Room of the Bombay High Court where he was tried and convicted .
He said , " All I wish to say is that inspite of the verdict of the jury , I maintain that I am innocent .
There are higher ^ powers that rule the destiny of things , and , it may be the will of Providence that the cause I represent may prosper more by my suffering than by my remaining free . "
In the annals of Indian legal trials , no other trial has its parallel .
Unveiling the tablet at the Central Hall of the High Court at Bombay , the then Chief Justice of Bombay , Mr M . C . Chagla , said : " There is no honour and no distinction which I have valued more than the privilege of being able to unveil the tablet to Lokmanya Tilak ' s memory this morning .
In this very room on two occasions within the space of twelve years , Lokmanya Tilak sat in the dock as an accused ; and on two occasions he was convicted and sentenced to a term of imprisonment .
We have met here today to make atonement for the suffering that was caused by these convictions to a great and distinguished son of India .
That disgrace tarnished our record and we are here to remove that tarnish and that disgrace .
With scant knowledge of Marathi , he remarked that the accused had referred to the English rule in India as the country ' s misfortune and had suggested that bombs and murders would help India to secure political rights as had happened elsewhere .
He did his best to prejudice the minds of the special jury , who themselves had no knowledge of Marathi .
In support of the charge under Section 153 - A , he read the article from the Kesari .
The gist of the article published on 12th May , as given by the prosecutor , may be quoted here :
" All thoughtful people , seem now to have formed the opinion as to the cause that gave birth to the ' bomb party ' .
The ' bomb party ' has come into existence as a result of oppression practised by the official class , the harassment inflicted by them and their obstinacy in treating public opinion with recklessness .
The bomb exploded owing to the official class having tried the patience of the Bengali youth .
The responsibility of the calamity must , therefore , be thrown not on political agitation , writing , or speeches but on the thoughtlessness and the obstinacy of the official class . "
The price was heavy , for he won the support neither of the orthodox who looked askance at him as an impertinent innovator nor of the radicals who were alienated by his harping on the past .
He had to stand alone a position ideal for a poet but inconvenient for a social reformer who needed money and men for his institution .
Even his admirers and well - wishers were inclined to believe that die school was at best a poet ' s whim .
He found it difficult to get enough funds or enough pupils for his school , and had to sell his house at Puri and part of his personal library to meet the expenses , while his wife magnificently parted with her jewellery to help him carry on .
The school , however , was not a poet ' s whim .
It was his new sadhana , a medium of creative striving for the good of his people , his one epic which he continued to work on till the end of his life and which grew with his growth , remaining unfinished .
A poet ' s dream it undoubtedly was , for who but a poet could " bring the earliest tidings of the unborn flower to a sceptic would ? "
He had always been deeply interested in problems affecting the welfare of the people and of such problems none seamed more deserving of his attention than the prevailing system of education which , instead of developing , stunted the mind of the growing generation .
That is a burden which the defence cannot be made to bear .
It is for the prosecution to prove that the translation is correct .
Here the charge is based on the English translation and not on the driginal Marathi article .
Supposing this was an English article and supposing an Englishman were charged with sedition , the charge would fail if the prosecution proceeded on a document in which it was proved different words to those written were inserted .
Here there are differences between the original words in Marathi in the Kesari and the words used in the translations . "
Tilak submitted that a healthy criticism of administration was a part of his duty as a public worker and a journalist .
It was the duty of every Indian .
It was a brilliant 22 - hour defence by Tilak , spread over six days .
He explained that the Kesari articles were meant to warn the government that a policy of repression was not correct .
Even if you do not agree , you are entitled to say that in your opinion the matter does not come under Section 124 - A .
You may agree or not with me , you may accept my views or not accept my views .
The point is whether I was within my rights and whether a subject of His Majesty in India can or cannot enjoy the same freedom which is enjoyed by British subjects at home , and the Anglo - Indians out here .
It is not a matter of whether the views are correct .
I may , who knows , alter my views .
Gentlemen , come to your views .
You will presently hear what the Advocate General has to say and after him His Lordship will address you .
The responsibility is yours ; you will have to return a verdict of ' guilty ' or ' not guilty ' .
Coming from the people and knowing their sentiments and thoughts you will have to say what you think would be the effect .
I would ask you to forget all other circumstances outside this court .
No less important , said Tagore , is the influence of music and of the fine arts in training the child ' s emotions and his sensibility .
Education to be real must be of the whole man , of the emotions and the senses as much as of the intellect .
Man in his fullness , said Tagore , is not limited by the individual but overflows in his community .
And so in his school , along with training in individual initiative and self - reliance , equal emphasis was laid on community service .
If it does not strike roots in the soil and adapt itself to the natural environments , it has little value for the people as a whole .
It was painful and humiliating fact that the intelligentsia of that generation to some extent even of this were borrowing their patterns of thought and behaviour , indeed even of their feelings and sensations , from the West , thereby justifying Tagore ' s charge that " educational institutions in our country are India ' s alms - bowl of knowledge ; they lower our national self - respect ; they encourage us to make a foolish display of decorations made of borrowed feathers . "
Life never imitates , it assimilates , and so he warned his people that " if the whole world grows at last into an exaggerated west , then such an illimitable parody of the modern age will die , crushed beneath its own absurdity . "
These were , the main principles of his educational ideal which he tried - to implement with his very limited material resources and in a very humble beginning .
It was not that having established the school , he left it to his assistants to run it , himself occupied with higher things .
He loved children , loved being with them , and loved teaching them .
It was his faith that every child carried a message from God that He had not yet despaired of man .
Finding that there were no suitable primers and textbooks available in Bengali he wrote them himself and encouraged his colleagues to do the same .
The poet could drudge as well as sing .
As though to test the sincerity and strength of His new devotee , God sent him , as He had done to His servant Job of the Old Testament , a series of bereavements and afflictions .
Within a few months of his finding a new home in Santiniketan , his wife Mrinalini fell seriously ill and was taken to Calcutta where she died on 23 November 1902 .
For twenty years this lady , self - effacing and gracious , had looked after him with unstinted devotion and had borne him five children .
These were published in a small volume of twenty - seven poems remarkable for their depth of tender ness and for their simplicity of utterance .
" My night has passed on the bed of sorrow , and my eyes are tired . "
She died before he could repay for the many gifts he had received from her and now all he could do is to offer to God what was meant for her .
" Her night has found its morning and Thou hast taken her in Thy arms ; and to Thee I bring my gratitude and my gifts that were for her . "
Absent - mindedly he looks for her everywhere in the house , only to realise that he will never again see her on this earth . " My house is small and what once has gone from it can never be regained .
But infinite is Thy mansion , my Lord , and seeking her I have come to Thy door . "
The volume was published a year later as Smaran ( Remembrance ) .
Grief disguised is more potent than grief expressed .
And looking round at the host of familiar faces of men and women who had travelled far to offer him a token of their love , he added , This is like a family gathering and not a law court ' . " ,
The Sessions Judge charged them as follows : " That you , Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi , being the editor of the paper Young India , on or about the 29th day of September , 1921 , the 15th day of December , 1921 and the 23rd day of February , 1922 at Ahmedabad did write the words contained in the appendix to this charge and by these written words did bring or attempt to bring into hatred or contempt or did excite or did attempt to excite disaffection towards His Majesty or the government established by law in British India and you , Shankerlal Ghelabhai Banker , being the printer of the paper Young India , on or about the 29th day of September , 1921 , the 15th day of December , 1921 and the 23rd day of February , 1922 at Ahmedabad did print the words contained in the appendix to this charge and by these written words did bring or attempt to bring into hatred or contempt or did excite or attempted to excite disaffection towards His Majesty or the government established by law in British India and thereby you committed offence punishable under Section 124 - A of the Indian Penal Code and within the cognisance of thi
When the court called upon the accused to state if they plead guilty , Gandhi said : " I plead guilty on each count of the charge .
I merely observe that the King ' s name is omitted from the charge - sheet and in my opinion very properly . "
The Advocate General ( Sir T . Strangman , special public prosecutor ) asked the court not to convict on the pleas but to proceed with the trial .
However , the court accepted the pleas of the ' guilty ' and asked the public prosecutor to say anything he wished to say on the question of sentence .
Sir T . Strangman submitted as follows :
" I maintain that the articles contained in the charge are part of an organised campaign which has lasted for years .
Secondly , Mr Gandhi is an educated man and a recognised leader and this makes the campaign all the more harmful .
The court must consider the inevitable result of this campaign as shown by recent events .
The offence of the second accused is of less gravity but nonetheless serious .
In this case there should be a substantial fine . "
Gandhi , when asked to say anything he wished to say , uttered these memorable words : " Before reading my " Preaching disaffection , I admit , has become a passion with me and it commenced long before the time mentioned by him .
I admit the blame for the crimes of violence committed in Bombay , Madras and elsewhere .
It is true that I ought to know the consequences of my acts .
I admit that I have been playing with fire , but should do so again if released .
I feel it necessary that I should do this as my duty to my people .
I do not ask for any mercy .
The court must do its duty .
The enobling confessions , the convincing logic , the masterly diction , the elevated thoughts and the inspiring tone , all produced instantaneous effect on the audience including the judge and the prosecutor .
For a minute everybody wondered who was on trial - whether Gandhiji before a British judge or whether the British Government before God and humanity .
Mahatmaji finished reading his statement and for a few seconds there was complete silence in the hall .
The Advocate General then pointed out that , under Section 27 - B of Criminal Procedure Code , the court might convict the accused on their pleas or proceed with the trial .
Section 124 - A says : " If the accused plead ' guilt , the plea shall be recorded , and he may be convicted thereon . "
Thus it was necessary for the judge to proceed with the case , firstly , because the charges were of a serious character , and secondly , in public interest it was desirable that the charges should be fully investigated .
As regards the question of sentence , once Gandhi had pleaded ' guilty ' , the judge could pass sentence . But , before that he wanted to hear the Advocate General , who pointed out that the articles by the accused were not isolated . They formed part of an organised campaign launched through " Young India since the year 1921 .
The court then read extracts from the paper , dated 8th June , on the duty of a non - co - operator , which was to preach disaffection towards the existing government and prepare the country for civil disobedience .
I have to deal with you in one character only .
It is my duty to ' judge ' you as a man subject to the law who has , by his own admission , broken the law and committed what to an ordinary man must appear to be grave offences against the State .
There are , probably , few people in India who do not sincerely regret that you should have made it impossible for any government to leave you at liberty .
I am trying to balance what is due to you against what appears to me to be necessary in the interests of the public .
And I propose in passing sentence to follow the precedent of a case , in many respects similar to this case , that was decided some twelve years ago .
The sentence that was passed upon him , as it finally stood , was a sentence of simple imprisonment for six years .
And I should like to say in doing so that if the course of events in India should make it possible for the government to reduce the period and release you , no one would be better pleased than I . "
Again in words of Justice Shelat : " Why has the trial been acknowledged to be a great historic trial out shadowing all similar trials of leaders and patriots which preceded it ?
Surely not merely because of the personality of the accused , nor because of his extraordinary sway on the millions and millions of Indians whom he treated as his own , nor because of its consequences on the destiny of India , but , because of the profound issue involved in it that of obedience of laws as against obedience to moral duty .
It was that issue which elevated the trial to the highest plane and the characters too , who played their part in it .
And , though it was similar to the one raised in previous trials of the same nature , those of Coke and Hampden and other patriots who had fought against tyranny and despotism , it was far above them because of the spiritual premises discovered as a result of a lifetime search for and experiments with truth on which it rested . "
It was a trial in the history of criminal trials in India where not a single pie was spent for by the defendant for defence .
There was no defence counsel , no legal advice , but the accused earned eternal glory in India ' s moral and legal firmament .
S . A . Dange The Meerut conspiracy case trial was one of the most notorious trials to take place during the British regime .
Thirty - two communists were involved in the conspiracy and all except Hutch - inson , a British subject , and M . N . Roy were arrested in March , 1929 and kept in jail custody throughout the trial .
They were charged under Section 121 - A of the Indian Penal Code .
The trial become notorious on account of its uprecedented duration .
Students were being expelled from colleges for no other crime than the temerity to sing patriotic songs ; to provide for their education he and some other educationists formulated and put into operation a scheme for national education and set up a Council of which the celebrated philosopher - yogi , Aurobindo Ghosh , became the first Principal .
It was for this Council that Tagore delivered his well - known series of lectures on the principles of literature which were later published as Sahitya .
He had hoped that by leading the popular discontent against foreign rule he would succeed in yoking the newly aroused passion for national freedom to a dynamic programme of national regeneration .
He had planned and outlined such a programme in a series of remarkable lectures and essays in which he anticipated almost every basic principle of what later became a nation - wide mass movement of non - violent non - cooperation under the leadership of Mahatma Gandhi .
He lacked the Mahatma ' s tireless patience and persistence , his calm judgement and unruffled will , his genius for strategy and his unrivalled gift of leadership .
He rode the storm majestically for a time , but as soon as it raised in its inevitable howl of violence , he retired from the battle - field , a sadder and a wiser man .
He was severely criticised for having abandoned the struggle which he had so heroically inspired , but be it recalled to Tagore ' s credit that he knew his limitations an4 wisely refrained from persisting in a course which he was unable to direct , that he was not deflected from what he thought was right by public abuse .
Apart from a large number of articles on social and national problems , on education , literary criticism , folk literature and the philosophy of words and sounds , he wrote a number of humorous and satirical sketches and completed his next major volume of verse published in 1906 as Kheya ( Crossing ) .
The tide is symbolic of the poet ' s mood of wistful expectancy , of waiting for the ferry to cross over to the other bank .
The trial in the Sessions Court started in the first week of June , 1929 .
The public prosecutor who conducted the case for the Crown produced few more witnesses on behalf of the prosecution .
Once the prosecution evidence had been completed , Bhagat Singh felt that the stage had been reached when he should make a detailed statement on behalf of their cause .
He had worked hard to prepare his written statement himself .
That historic statement was read out to the court by Asaf Ali on behalf of Bhagat Singh and Dutt on 6th June .
The statement forms a glorious chapter in the history of revolutionary ideas in India and is a masterly piece of a document based on revolutionary and Marxian principles .
The statement was so touching that three of the four assessors could not hide their eyes dimmed with tears .
Is the charge , as framed by the lower court , correct or otherwise ?
" To the first half of the first question , our reply is in the affirmative but since some of the so - called eye witnesses ' have prejured themselves and since we are not denying our liability to that extent , let our statement about them be judged for what it is worth .
The other witnesses , too , who have deposed to having seen bombs being thrown by us have no scruples to tell lies .
" The bomb was necessary to awaken England from her dreams .
We dropped the bomb on the floor of the Assembly chamber to register our protest on behalf of those who had no other means left to give expression to their heart - rending agony .
Our sole purpose was to make the deaf hear and give the heedless a timely warning .
Others have as keenly felt as we have done and from such seeming stillness of the sea of Indian humanity , a veritable storm is about to break out .
We have only hoisted the " Danger Signal ' to warn those who are speeding along without heeding to the grave dangers ahead .
We have only marked the end of an era of Utopian non - violence of whose futility the rising generation has been convinced beyond the shadow of doubt . "
On the contrary , we repeat that we hold human lives sacred beyond words and would sooner lay down our own lives in the service of humanity than injure anyone else . "
Explaining the concept of revolution the statement read : " It was the only effective method of solving the great social problems of the timesthe problem of bringing economic and political independence to the workers and peasants , constituting the mass of the people . "
The many bereavements and disappointments he had recently suffered had only served to steel his fortitude and to prepare him for the change that was coming .
Most of the poems ( some are songs ) are dreamy and symbolic ; eleven of them were later included in his English Gitanjali , and a few others in The Gardener , Fruit Gathering and Lover ' s Gift and Crossing .
" Prisoner , tell me who wrought this unbreakable chain ? "
" It was I , " said the prisoner , " who forged this chain with great care .
I thought my chain would bind the world leaving me free .
And so I laboured at it , day and night , beating the iron in fire .
When the chain was ready , I discovered that I had bound myself in its shackles . "
The poet describes himself as a beggar girl who was on her begging round when the Prince stopped before her and stretching his hand , said , " Give me something . "
She blushed with shame .
What could she give him ?
Kundan Lal and Prem Dutt were awarded imprisonment for seven and five years respectively .
Ajoy Ghosh , J . N . Sanyal and Des Raj were acquitted .
Of those absconding , Bhagwati Charan met with an accident in a bomb explosion in May , 1930 and Chandra Shekhar Azad was killed in an encounter with the police in Azad Park , Allahabad in February , 1931 .
The legal battle was not over even after the death sentence .
The defence council composed of prominent public men decied to file a petition to the Privy Council to challenge firstly , the legality of the ordinance appointing a Special Tribunal and secondly to disseminate knowledge and give publicity abroad of India ' s struggle for freedom .
On 10th February , 1931 , the petition was rejected by the Privy Council .
Not to be deterred , on the 14th of February , 1931 , Pandit Madan Mohan Malaviya submitted an appeal to the Viceroy seeking his prerogative of mercy in commuting death sentence to transportation for life on the grounds of humanity .
On 16th February , 1931 , Messers Jiwan Lal , Baljit and Sham Lal moved a writ of habeas corpus in the High Court challenging the legality of their detention and proposed execution of the death - sentence on the ground that the original date of execution ( sometime in October , 1930 ) having passed , the Tribunal had ceased to exist .
It further united the freedom fighters in their struggle against the British .
It was decided by the government that the execution of the sentence would take place on 23rd March , 1931 .
After release , he joined the Indian National Congress .
On the controversial issue of the Indian National Congress helping the British Government in the Second World War , he resigned .
I was attracted to him because he seemed such a lonely figure , deserted by everybody .
On 10th May , 1924 , i . e . after the arguments in the Sessions trial were concluded and before the judgment was pronounced in the Kanpur case , Lieutenant - Colonel Cecil Kaye , counsel for the prosecution , requested the District Magistrate to issue warrants for the arrest of M . N . Roy .
The warrant was issued and made over to Cecil Kaye .
It was presumed that it would be sent to England for execution as Roy , according to Scotland Yard ' s information , was likely to go to England and the continent .
M . N . Roy returned to India secretly in December , 1930 .
Roy , during the Sessions trial , wanted to make a lengthy statement in his defence , but was not allowed to make it .
It was later smuggled out from jail and published under the title ' MY DEFENCE ' .
It is a remarkable legal document which has established its place in legal history .
It gives ample proof of industry , intelligence and the wide knowledge of M . N . Roy .
He then made submission under Section 121 - A of the Indian Penal Code penalising a conspiracy to deprive the King of his sovereignty of India and disputed its legality and constitutionality .
He stated that the British Government of India has been a machine of ' an enormous tyranny and oppression ' , that ' the people of India owe no allegiance to the British Crown ' and that they have the right to revolt .
He supported his arguments from the quotations of Locke , Hume , Bentham , Bagehot , Dicey and other political philosophers and legal experts who wrote about the legality of the British conquest of India .
Replying to the accusation of the intention to use ' criminal ' force , he stated :
" But in reality force is force .
Judgment was reserved until 9th January , 1932 when Roy was sentenced to 12 years ' transportation .
Immediately plans were made for appeal to the High Court and to the Privy Council , if necessary .
Since all of Roy ' s friends , except Brajesh Singh , lived in other parts of the country , Brajesh Singh was given the sole responsibility for making arrangements for the appeal . Unfortunately for Roy , several months before the appeal was to be heard , Brajesh Singh renounced Roy ' s doctrines and returned to the orthodox communist fold .
By the end of 1932 , he had returned to Europe .
With Singh ' s sudden departure , Roy was crippled in his effort to prepare for the hearing of his appeal .
It proved difficult to assemble the papers of the case , which had been in Singh ' s care .
Most of Roy ' s loyal supporters as well many left - wing nationalists , who had come to his defence , were in jail .
The appeal was heard and decided on 2nd May , 1933 by Thomas , J . It was argued by young and able Dr K . N . Katju assisted by Mr D . Sanyal , whereas the government advocate appeared for the Crown .
The institution of such a communist regime was to be preceded by the violent overthrow of the existing Constitution in India and the destruction of the sovereignty of the King Emperor .
His youngest son , Samindra , a lovely and gifted boy who might have become something like his father , suddenly died of cholera at the age of thirteen , on the same day on which his mother had passed away five years earlier .
In the course of five tempestuous years Tagore suffered an almost total break - up of his family life .
He had lost his wife and two children ; of the three surviving ones , the eldest daughter lived with her husband outside Bengal , the eldest son had been sent to the United States the previous year for training in agricultural science , and the third daughter Mira had been married a few months earlier .
Loneliness in the midst of the crowd is even more oppressive and so for a time he retired into solitude on his estate at Shelidah .
That was the only visible expression of the heavy hand of sorrow that lay on his heart .
He had learnt not to muddy the waters of his Muse with his personal grief ; his verse was becoming increasingly his offering to God , the medium of a higher love , shorn of all superfluous ornaments .
Indeed , odd and incredible as it may seem today , even as late as 1914 ( after the award of the Nobel Prize ) the Compulsory Bengali Composition Paper of the Matriculation Exam of the Calcutta University contained a passage from Tagore which the candidates were asked to " rewrite in chaste and correct Bengali . "
The only time he rode on the crest of popularity was when he led the agitation against the partition of Bengal , but that was for a brief while only and now he was blamed for having let down his people and was less popular than ever .
He had alienated the ruling authorities who issued secret circulars asking the Government servants and loyalists not to send their children to his school or help it in any way .
" Seventh charge : I . A . A . Section 41 ( against the said Captain P . K . Sehgal alone ) .
Committing a civil offence , that is to say , abetment contrary to Section 109 , I . P . C . of an offence punishable under Section 302 , I . P . C . in that he ( Capt . Sehgal ) at or near Popa Hill , on or about 6th March , 1945 , did abet the offence of the murder of Dar - yao Singh , as specified in the sixth charge hereof , which offence was committed in consequence of such abetment .
" Eight Charge : I . A . A . Section 41 ( against the said Lt . Gurbaksh Singh Dhillon alone ) .
Committing a civil offence , that is to say , murder contrary to Section 302 , I . P . C . in that he ( Lt . Dhillon ) at or Popa Hill in Burma , on or near about 6th March , 1945 , by causing the death of Dharam Singh , did commit murder .
" Ninth Charge : I . A : A . Section 41 ( against the said Captain P . K Sehgal alone ) .
Committing a civil offence , that is to say , abetment , contrary to Section 109 , I . P . C . , of an offence punishable under Section 302 , I . P . C . , in that he ( Capt . Sehgal ) at or near Popa Hill , on or about 6th March , 1945 , did abet the offence of the murder of Dharam Singh , as specified in eighth charge hereof , which offence was committed in consequence of such abetment .
" Tenth Charge : I . A . A . Section 41 ( against the said Captain Shah Nawaz Khan alone ) .
Sir N . P . Engineer , opening the prosecution case , said that the accused were Indian commissioned officers owing allegiance to the King and as such they were subject to the Army Act .
Tracing the history of the formation of the Indian National Army ( I . N . A . ) , he said that Subhas Chandra Bose had left India in January , 1942 for Kabul from where he had proceeded to Germany via Moscow .
He was a political suspect and was under watch .
He was thus forced , as much by outer circumstances as by an inner necessity , to stand alone , to rely entirely on his inner resources , to stand face to face with God .
His religious poetry of this period which culminated in the passionate sincerity and utter simplicity of Gitanjali and Gitimalya was wrung out of his heart ' s blood .
His religious insight , like that of all great saints and mystics , was born of deeply experienced sorrow and loneliness .
The most remarkable aspect of his deepening religious insight was that it enriched instead of eating into or warping his love of this earth and this life .
He sought God not merely in the privacy of his soul but in every manifestation of His play in the outside world .
It is still a favourite with the boys of his school for whom itwas composed and is acted in the open air , as many of Tagore ' s plays were intended to be , for in them nature is not merely a background but almost a participant .
They were Across - examined by the defence counsel and thereafter the statements of all the three accused were recorded .
Capt . Shah Nawaz Khan questioned the authority of the court to try him .
In his statement he explained how and why he joined the Indian National Army .
He said , " In short , the question before me was the King or the country .
I decided to be loyal to my country and gave my word of honour to Netaji that I would sacrifice myself for her sake .
Finally , Sir , I wish to bring to your notice and to the notice of my country that no mercenary or puppet army could have faced the hardships as the I . N . A . did .
We fought only for India ' s independence .
I do not deny having taken part in the fight but I did so as a member of the regular fighting forces of the Provisional Government of Free India who waged war for the liberation of their motherland according to the rules of civilised warfare .
I also maintain that my trial by court martial is illegal .
The defence also established that the acts , which were the subject matter of the charges , were acts done in the course of operations of the organised army of a government which could claim the status of statehood , which possessed territories ceded to it by the Japanese , and which had been accorded recognition as a government by other States , and had received the plenipotentiary of another State , and had formally declared war against the British and America .
Interesting questions regarding the law of belligerency were discussed .
The existence of war was purely a question of fact .
Whether a struggle amounted to a war or not was to be determined not from the relation of the combatants to each other , but from the mode in which the struggle was carried on .
If in exercise of what has been called the sacred right of rebellion , a considerable body of subjects of a State rose in revolt and the struggle became a popular uprising , then that population was entitled to be treated as belligerents .
In other words , if in making its struggle for freedom , a subject people reached a stage at which it could be said to be a struggle waged by an organised army according to the accepted rules of war , then that army must be accorded all the rights , privileges and immunities of the army of a belligerent State in war .
That status of belligerency will involve immunity in respect of all acts done in the prosecution of that war . Insurgents fighting against their parent State for liberation may fail or succeed .
According to the maxim of International Law , the successful revolution would be the government established by law .
But even if the revolution fails , if the fight they carried on was a fight by an organised army in the manner of war , they would still be entitled to recognition as belligerents .
So far as argument of allegiance owed by officers of the Indian Army who had joined the I . N . A . was concerned , it may be said that allegiance was owed to the King and the country .
Before Sheikh Abdullah is convicted , these questions must be considered very carefully and weighed in the spirit of the grave responsibility because of the repercussions which are inevitable .
The mischief of conviction is greater than even the mischief caused by the alleged speeches or rather by the arrest of the accused .
The remedy sought is worse than the disease .
You convict and incarcerate a person and all possibility of reconciliation between the ruler and the ruled is washed out .
Do not let the people think that the raising of their voices by their leaders means only convictions , sentences , misery and wretchedness .
Let them feel that the ruler is there for his people and that he is fully conscious of the feelings and sentiments of his people and who can say , ' I am high enough to be able to overlook even a wrong committed by my people ' .
" This is the only way of dealing with this trouble . One conviction will not solve the problem ; it will only make remedy worse than the disease ; it will drive hundreds of thousands into the wilderness of resentment , sullenness and non - co - operation .
The court passed the following order : " Offences under Section 124 - A R . P . C . for all the three speeches are proved against him .
He is convicted under the above Section on all the three counts and sentenced to three years ' simple imprisonment with a fine of rupees five hundred on each score .
In default of payment of . fine , he shall further undergo simple imprisonment for three months on each count .
The sentences of imprisonment shall run concurrently . "
Sheikh Abdullah was convicted on 10th September , 1946 .
India achieved independence on 15th August , 1947 .
There was no way left for the Maharaja of the princely State of Kashmir but to release Sheikh Abdullah who was set free on 29th September , 1947 .
The ' Lion of Kashmir ' was soon made the first Chief Minister of Kashmir .
The trial of Sheikh Abdullah imparted futher impetus to the ' Quit Kashmir ' movement which now spread to other parts of the country .
Sheikh Abdullah ' s speeches made on 10th , 12th , 14th and 16th of May , 1946 followed by Asaf All ' s spirited defence of the ' Lion of Kashmir ' paved the way for surrender by rulers of various princely States in India .
What is Unicode ?
Unicode provides a unique number for every character ,
no matter what the platform ,
no matter what the program ,
no matter what the language .
Fundamentally , computers just deal with numbers .
They store letters and other characters by assigning a number for each one .
Before Unicode was invented , there were hundreds of different encoding systems for assigning these numbers .
No single encoding could contain enough characters : for example , the European Union alone requires several different encodings to cover all its languages .
Even for a single language like English no single encoding was adequate for all the letters , punctuation , and technical symbols in common use .
These encoding systems also conflict with one another .
That is , two encodings can use the same number for two different characters , or use different numbers for the same character .
Any given computer ( especially servers ) needs to support many different encodings ; yet whenever data is passed between different encodings or platforms , that data always runs the risk of corruption .
Unicode is changing all that !
Unicode provides a unique number for every character , no matter what the platform , no matter what the program , no matter what the language .
The Unicode Standard has been adopted by such industry leaders as Apple , HP , IBM , JustSystem , Microsoft , Oracle , SAP , Sun , Sybase , Unisys and many others .
Unicode is required by modern standards such as XML , Java , ECMAScript ( JavaScript ) , LDAP , CORBA 3.0 , WML , etc . , and is the official way to implement ISO / IEC 10646 .
It is supported in many operating systems , all modern browsers , and many other products .
The emergence of the Unicode Standard , and the availability of tools supporting it , are among the most significant recent global software technology trends .
Incorporating Unicode into client - server or multi - tiered applications and websites offers significant cost savings over the use of legacy character sets .
Unicode enables a single software product or a single website to be targeted across multiple platforms , languages and countries without re - engineering .
It allows data to be transported through many different systems without corruption .
The Unicode Consortium is a non - profit organization founded to develop , extend and promote use of the Unicode Standard , which specifies the representation of text in modern software products and standards .
The membership of the consortium represents a broad spectrum of corporations and organizations in the computer and information processing industry .
Membership in the Unicode Consortium is open to organizations and individuals anywhere in the world who support the Unicode Standard and wish to assist in its extension and implementation .
For more information , see the Glossary , Unicode Enabled Products , Technical Introduction and Useful Resources .
- K . V . Narain Our environment comprises air , water and land and these are technically known as atmosphere , hydrosphere and lithosphere respectively .
Not only are the precious non - renewable resources carelessly squandered , but in the process man has exposed the future generations to various hazards through application of pesticides and release of radioactive wastes .
Irrespective of the country and place , a hue and cry about pollution is being raised now .
Pollution befouls the air and poisons water .
To meet the growing needs for power , hydro - electric , thermal , and nuclear power plants are being increasingly set up .
The net result is pollution of air and water everywhere .
Air pollution in cities has mounted with more and more people getting drawn to the urban centres .
According to the 1951 Census , the urban population was around 62 million ; the 1981 Census figures put it at 158 milliona 150 per cent increase in just three decades .
Some of them are also carried to distant places by wind , rain and rivers .
These are also present in the high mountains and in seaside swamps , and are hazardous for human beings , animals , birds and fish .
It is reported that in a particular part of Russia , lung cancer has increased by 50 per cent in the last five years , stomach cancer rates by 30 per cent , and birth defects by about 55 per cent all caused apparently due to excessive use of pesticides .
Another kind of pollution that has come into prominence more recently is radiation which is a result of the growth of nuclear power and nuclear weapons .
Radioactive materials find their way into the atmosphere and water courses causing mutagenetic effects .
The number of nuclear plants in operation , though small at present and considered relatively safe , may cause environmental and health problems of immense magnitude .
Mining operations , especially in reserve forests and sanctuaries , are posing a serious threat to the environment .
To cite an example , Sariska , the game sanctuary nestling in the Aravalli Hills ( Rajasthan ) and known the world over for its tigers , has now become a dumping ground for mining wastes .
All kinds of animals , including the tiger , are virtually fighting for survival .
Lastly , mention has to be made about pollution caused by noise .
Pollution is like a tiger lurking in the bush , ready to pounce upon us at any time , leading to total destruction .
It is like the Damocle ' s sword hanging over our head .
The human race is trying to commit suicide the pistol being pollution .
We have poisoned the air , water , and soil with pollutants .
We have upset natural communities in ways that are affecting our place in the complex system that has been called ' the great chain of life ' .
And we may soon be tipping the balance of the natural forces in the earth , atmosphere and oceans in ways that could be disastrous for mankind .
We have reached a point where we must protect the environment in order to protect ourselves .
Air pollution has never been as bad as it is now .
Even as we benefit from industrial progress , we must ensure that the very air we breathe remains unpoisoned . "
For instance , a 500 - MW thermal power plant produces 2,000 tonnes of ash every day , in addition to smoke .
Other significant industries contributing to air pollution are cement , steel and ore processing industries .
The automobile exhausts are in no way less dangerous than the industrial smoke .
It is reported that automobiles at Greater Calcutta alone spew about 1,500 tonnes of pollutants into the atmosphere every day .
To meet the demands of an exploding population , the number of buses plying on the roads are being increased .
Delhi ' s vehicular strength in 1992 was estimated to be about 19 lakhs . The number of motor vehicles plying in Madras city is nearing 5 lakhs .
At Hyderabad the number of motor vehicles is estimated to be 4.7 lakhs which emit 450 . tonnes of smoke and fumes a day .
Air Pollution in Cities One may be astonished to note the stupendous amounts of air pollutants ( as per 1980 estimates ) released in the atmosphere per annum in India alone .
The pollutants comprise 10 lakh tonnes of carbon monoxide , 30 lakh tonnes of sulphur dioxide , 10 lakh tonnes of carbon monoxide , 2 lakh tonnes of hydrogen sulphide , and 50 lakh tonnes of particulate matter .
Special mention may be made here about the thermal power stations in India which number about 66 at present and discharge 30 to 40 million tonnes of fly ash per annum , i . e . 1 lakh tonnes per day .
The total air pollution load in Bombay is estimated to be about 2,971 tonnes per day , with 1,357 tonnes per day coming from industries , 1,538 tonnes from vehicle exhaust and 62 tonnes from domestic smoke .
The average level of the sulphur present in the atmosphere over Bombay is reported to be twice that of the safety limit ; certain pockets in Bombay have already crossed the danger mark .
The pollution in Delhi can best be described in N . K . Doval ' s words , " The ambient air quality in Delhi gives it the dubious distinction of being the fourth most polluted city in the world .
Persons already suffering from diseases like anaemia are more prone to get affected because carbon monoxide may lead to serious injuries to vital organs .
It has been reported that lower levels of concentration of sulphur dioxide cause temporary spasm of the smooth muscles of the bronchia .
The cilia which protect the respiratory system get affected by sulphur dioxide causing cough , shortness of breath and spasm of the larynx .
It may also cause acute irritation of the eye membranes resulting in tears and redness .
Hydrogen sulphide is well known for its characteristic rotten - egg odour .
Lead , which is discharged into the air via the automobile exhaust , is a cumulative poison that may cause brain damage in children .
A report on the Donora ( USA ) industrial accident showed that about 20 per cent of the canary population and 15 per cent dogs were affected .
Plumbism or lead poisoning among cattle , sheep and horses is a common phenomenon .
Pastures along busy roads contain substantial amounts of lead and , animals grazing on them become susceptible to lead poisoning as it accumulates in their tissues .
Air contaminated with ozone acts as an irritant and can be responsible for pulmonary changes , oedema and haemorrhage in dogs , cats and rabbits .
Though airborne fluorides do not attack animals directly , but when they eat fluoride containing crops continuously , symptoms of fluorosis appear . Animal fluorosis manifests itself by mottling , staining and pitting . of incisor teeth . Cattle and sheep are most frequently affected , though horses and poultry seem to have a high resistance to fluorides .
Bone lesions in animals due to excessive fluorides have also been reported .
Diarrhoea , weight loss , lowered fertility and reduced milk production are some of the other effects of fluoride pollution .
A Liberian oil - tanker ran aground on the south - east coast of Great Britain , spilling about 60,000 gallons of crude oil into the sea .
The resultant oil slick led to the death of a large number of fish and sea - birds .
This accident made the world sit up to the dangers of oil spills .
In 1969 , the Santa Barbara , California became the focal point due to the damage caused by the blow out of a well in the channel .
Not only was the beach affected but even some birds and other creatures faced death due to the spread of oil .
Just after the spill it was claimed that the channel had become an ' ecological desert ' , though recent investigations reveal that the damage was not so serious .
In 1978 , a supertanker hit a reef , off the coast of Alaska releasing 11 million gallons of oil over the sea .
When the oil hit the shore , about 1,00,000 birds died .
Seals and porpoises ( a sea mammal resembling dolphin in appearance ) were also poisoned and they sank to the bottom of the ocean .
During 1974 an American tanker Transhuron ran aground on an atoll of the Kiltan Island ( Lakshadweep ) and spilled over 5,000 tonnes of special navy fuel oil .
In 1976 , a Greek tanker disappeared off Veraval without any wreckage , but large oil slicks were observed floating on the surface , close to the west coast of India .
At times oil gets spread on the sea by the intentional discharge of oil ( as during the Gulf War of 1991 ) .
The slicks stretched over an area of 100 km by 15 km and were half a metre thick at certain places .
Such ' environmental terrorism ' can alter the ecology of the region in the future .
It was practised even in the ancient days .
The same strategy was adopted during the Gulf War by releasirg oil into the sea unmindful of the damage done to the entire planet .
Millions of sea birds were threatened by this oil slick .
The deadly oil coating on their body prevented them from diving for fish and they were starved to death .
It is estimated that the amount of floating tar at any time on the surface of the Arabian Sea can be around 3,700 tonnes and on the route across the southern Bay of Bengal could amount to 1,100 tonnes .
Due to constant exposure to oil films in the sea , most coral reefs in the Indian Ocean regionin the Kawaratti reef in Lakshadweep , in the Nicobar Island , and in the south - west part of Malagasy have more or less disappeared .
To avoid harm caused by oil slicks , some of the following practices are adopted :
The oil slick is set on fire .
The oil is skimmed off from the surface with a suction 68 WE BREATHE AND DRINK POISON device .
" The vessels engaged for this operation are termed as ' skimmers ' . Absorbents like sawdust are spread over the oil slicks , and after a certain time the absorbents along with the oil are removed . Sometimes oil - eating microbes are sprayed over the area which in due course degrade the oil . Sinking is another fruitful measure , in which powdered or fine granular solids of high density are sprayed over the oil patch so as to mix with the oil , adhere to it and sink it . The most satisfactory method at present available is to disperse or emulsify the oil with suitable dispersing or emulsifying agents .
Have you heard of mountains that are man - made ?
Is it possible to produce such mountains ?
It is no wonder that every urban area has hillocks in each street .
A table indicating the tonnage of solid wastes produced in major cities of India is given as follows : Industrial solid wastes also add to the problem .
These wastes are disposed from coal and mineral industries , mining industries , metal industries , engineering industries and thermal power stations .
It has been reported that about 50 per cent of the raw material ultimately becomes waste product in industry , and about 15 per cent of it are toxic or deleterious .
Millions of tonnes of slag have been disposed by metal extraction industries , especially iron and steel plants . A larger quantity of the solid waste is attributed to the sludge from wet processing industries from where it is produced during industrial effluent treatment .
Another important solid waste which is noteworthy is biomedical waste .
This waste includes anatomical waste , syringes , gauze , absorbents , glass , etc .
The huge dumps of biomedical wastes disposed of by hospitals and clinics cause serious health problems .
Ordinances have been promulgated not to dump the waste and for safe transportation in special containers , and subsequent incineration in Australia and other countries .
Why are solid wastes cause for such serious concern ?
This is a valuable manure of exceptional use in drylands as it conserves the moisture and releases plant nutrients gradually .
Experiments are being conducted to obtain glucose and subsequently alcohol from the cellulose in the garbage .
The quantity of fly ash produced in thermal power stations is high and its disposal is a serious problem all over the world .
Fly ash is the finer ash obtained during burning of coal in thermal power stations and constitutes about 80 - 85 per cent of the total ash produced .
In India there are 66 thermal power stations and they produce about 30 - 40 million tonnes of fly ash per annum ( about 1 lakh tonnes per day ) .
It is either dumped in dry form in bags or made into slurry ( to avert air pollution ) to pass on to ash ponds from where it is discharged into the nearby water course .
Latest estimates indicate that if the fly ash is simply dumped over the years , about 283 sq km of land would be required by the end of this century , which may lead to serious ecological problems .
Research is being conducted throughout the world for the utilisation of fly ash for useful purposes so as to overcome the need for enormous amounts of water and land for disposal .
In toto , there are 434 units in operation in 26 countries with a capacity of 316,000 MWe and 100 units are under construction with a capacity of 80,000 MWe .
In India too , we have nuclear power plants though not on so large a scale as in the western nations .
A fire in the plant allowed massive amounts of radiation to be released into the atmosphere .
This fallout drifted into Scandinavia and eastern Europe , causing enormous damage to crops and livestock .
This however does not demean the advantages of nuclear power stations over others utilising conventional fuels such as coal and oil .
When compared to other sources of energy , the nuclear source is clean , compact and concentrated .
Nuclear power stations do not emit sulphur dioxide ( causative agent of acid rain ) , carbon dioxide ( major contributor to greenhouse effect ) , oxides of nitrogen or heavy metal pollutants .
They are economical as they require only a minimum area of land and the quantum . of energy generated is greater ( 1 kg of uranium gives out energy equivalent to 25,000 kg of coal ) .
In addition to the specified number of trees , as declared by the forest officials , greedy contractors axe many more trees ( both young and old ) for commercial purposes .
Illegal felling of trees so as to mint money within a short span of time is leading to denudation of vast stretches of forests .
Mining is also a major cause for such denudation of forests .
While we need ' mineral wealth , we have also to protect our rich forests .
Unfortunately it took very long for the government to realise that clearing of forests for mining was putting the future generation under peril .
To cite an example , the Maikal ranges in Madhya Pradesh have been mined for bauxite , leading to rapid denudation .
The fourth reason is conversion of forest areas into cultivable land .
Apple and tea cultivation are prominent agricultural practices in the converted forest areas .
Large tracts of the Himalayan forests have been destroyed for the cultivation of apple .
To maintain a sound ecological balance one - third of our country ' s total land area should be under forest cover , whereas in reality only about 10 per cent of the land has good forest cover ( National Remote Sensing Agency , 1982 ) .
If our country ' s forest cover has to increase , along with afforestation schemes , non - agriculturable lands and other wastelands have to be brought under forest cover .
The afforestation scheme will meet the increasing demand for fuel , fodder , etc . and simultaneously protect our environment .
Further , people must plant more trees and save the existing ones .
We have to think of ourselves not only as beneficiaries but also as trustees of the wealth which comes to us through our forests .
Our slogan hereafter should be ' Plant a tree today and nurture it every day . '
From the preceding chapters , it becomes clear that the earth which feeds us and provides us home , is under peril .
Man ' s greed has led to depletion of natural reserves and resources .
Unless steps are taken on a war footing , the earth will lose its capacity to hold us and deprive us as also other living beings of the livelihood .
Above all , human attitude towards environmental conservation is more important .
Many of the hygienic problems arising in most urban and rural areas can be solved if each citizen decides not to throw garbage on the streets and not to use streets as dustbins .
It is ironical that in the name of progress we are depleting our forests and disturbing our ecological balance .
Urbanisation , rarely accompanied by large - scale , long - range planning , has turned many urban and suburban areas into commercial jungles .
Urban growth , spread of agriculture , building of dams and loss of forests have destroyed wildlife habitats .
A large number of species or sub - species of animals are under threat of extinction .
Besides destroying wildlife habitats , we are poisoning animals and their food with pesticides , herbicides and other chemicals .
These chemicals are killing fish , birds and beneficial insects .
But the first impressions are always more vivid and lasting and Tagore would henceforth be regarded in the West as primarily a religious and philosophic poet .
His own biblical personality and august mien and his insistent harping on the ideals of ancient forest sages helped to confirm the one - sided impression .
Ezra Pound who saw him as one poet sees another tried to correct the distorted image but his was a lone voice .
Reviewing The Gardener in the Freewoman he said : " Why the good people of this island are unable to honour a fine artist as such ; why they are incapable , or apparently incapable , of devising for his honour any better device than that of wrapping his life in cotton wool and parading about with the effigy of a sanctimonious moralist , remains and will remain for me an unsolvable mystery . "
In September Tagore sailed for India , having achieved both fame and health .
It was while he was in Santiniketan that the news came on 13 November of the award of the Nobel Prize for his Gitanjali The news was received with no small surprise and much rejoicing all over the country .
What did the poet himself feel ?
He would not be human if he felt otherwise .
The , patriot in him felt happy , too , that his country ' s name had been put on the world ' s literary map and felt proud that he was the reason of it .
But the poet in him was too sensitive not to feel a misgiving that his days of peace , of a quiet and uninterrupted pursuit of his vocation as a poet and as a teacher of little children , of intimate whisperings with his God , were over .
Five days later he wrote to Rothenstein : " The perfect whirlwind of public excitement it has given rise to is frightful .
It is almost as bad as trying a tin can . at a dog ' s tail making it impossible for him to move without creating noise and collecting crowds all along .
I am being smothered with telegrams and letters for the last few days and the people who never had any friendly feelings towards me nor ever read a line of my works are loudest in their protestations of joy .
This sad and bitter thought found public expression on 23 November when a large deputation of 500 distinguished citizens of Calcutta representing divers professions and interests came by a special train to Santiniketan to offer him the nation ' s felicitations .
In blunt but poetic words the poet told them that he could not accept a homage that was so unreal .
Those among his audience who had always been his warm admirers understood for whom the snub was meant ; the rest , thus deflated , never forgave him for what they considered his " inhospitable reply " .
Though the Prize was awarded on the merit of an individual work whose poetic excellence and high idealism were almost universally acknowledged , the fact that it was given to an Asian invested the award with a significance which such awards do not normally have and made it look almost like a unique phenomenon .
It was received everywhere with a shock of surprise and turned Rabindranath from an individual into a symbola symbol of the West ' s grudging recognition of Asia ' s submerged potential and its imminent resurgence .
The records of the Selection Committee show that this proposal came as a surprise to the Swedish Academy .
The two members whose eloquent and powerful support swayed the decision of the Nobel Committee were Vernervon Heidenstam , who was himself awarded the Nobel Prize three years later , and Per Hallstrom , member - Secretary of the Nobel Cbmmittee .
In a way it goes against the grain to associate a monetary prize with this purely religious poetry .
It is like paying for the Psalms ( of David ) or the songs of St . Francis . "
" To make such comparisons would be ridiculous if it was a question of modern European poetry , however great its merits might be ; it is not at all absurd when referring to Gitanjali . . .
The mode of expression is of classical simplicity , the image is only the spontaneous language of thought , and it does not need to be moulded into shape , it is even complete through the mere mention of the word .
One thinks of the Brahmin lady in Goethe ' s poem , who scooped up water from a flowing stream with her hands , and the water became solid and malleable in her hands . . .
All the English reviewers express the opinion that they are the witnesses of a truly epoch - making phenomenon , not only as regards the understanding of Oriental life , but also as far as its possible influence on European art is concerned . . .
We are told that Tagore ' s compatriots consider that a new literary period , and the greatest in the history of their language , begins with his appearance .
From now on he belonged to the world as much as he belonged to India .
Or so he believednot because he became world - famous but because he felt with the world .
There have been many men world - famous who were world - scourges , and many who have failed to see beyond their noses .
This world - consciousness which was very real in him exposed him to not a little misunderstanding in his own country .
Being more Christian than missionary both of them broke away from their organisations in order to be free to serve the people in the spiritof Christ as they understood it , and became Tagore ' s associates and lifelong friends .
Tagore who had anticipated , with the true insight of a poet - seer , the advent of the Mahatma in his dramas and verse , was already with him in spit it , so that when Andrews and Pearson left him in November 1913 , for South Africa to study the Passive Resistance movement bn the spot , they carried with them his goodwill and best wishes for the success of Gandhi ' s mission .
It was the first full flush of our common enthusiasm and love for him and it coloured all our existence with its own bright hues .
The very sky itself seemed more glorious as we spoke about him and shared our thoughts together .
This was also for us both the happy moment of discovery of a new friendship with Mahatma Gandhi .
These two affections were blended into one in a very intimate manner .
Often under the stars at night we would sit in the silence and then speak to one another in quiet accents of the wonderful evenings we had spent with our Gurudev on the terrace outside his little room at Santiniketan .
Those were golden moments and Mahatma realised with deep sympathy our own hearts ' devotion to the poet .
He often spoke to us of his own great longing to meet him .
Thus we were all drawn together into a single circle of affection . "
The end of the year 1913 was marked by Calcutta University conferring a doctorate on Tagore at a special convocation held on 26 December .
The three books published in London , The Gardener , The Crescent Moon and Chitra , were all translations .
Several songs were , however , written by him during this year , some during his sojourn abroad and some in India .
The only one written in the United States in the beginning of the year is significant for its employment of the metaphor of buying and selling .
The poet imagines himself carrying his burden of wares and hawking them from place to place , The King threatens to take his wares by force , the aged millionaire offers to buy them with gold , a lovely maiden tempts him with a smile , but the burden remainsuntil a child playing with a sea - shell pulls him by the sleeve and says , all this is mine .
He is relieved of his burden These songs which he continued to write , both words and . music , and which were published in 1914 in two volumes , Gitimalya and Gitali , are some of the finest he ever wrote and continued the religious strain of Gitanjali , though the mood was changing .
His faith had gained firmness , his confidence in man ' s destiny was now more robust and his acceptance of life and its responsibilities more gladsome .
Their joy is equally shared by the literate and the illiterate , by the young and the old , and through them is expressed an endless variety of moods and feelings in all their modulations and nuances .
The words , rhythms and symbols used are so simple as to them spontaneous , as if they could not but be what they are .
He must calmly face the struggle and not be scared of suffering .
" How will you conquer sorrow if you flee from it ?
The poison must burn itself out in its own fire .
I think it has been the good fortune of the west to have the opportunity of absorbing the spirit of the east through the medium of Bible .
It has added to the richness of your life because it is alien to your temperament .
In course of time you may discard some of its doctrines and teachings but it has done its work it has created a bifurcation in your mental system which is so needful for all life growth .
The western literature is doing the same with us , bringing into our life elements some of which supplement and some contradict our tendencies .
These later stories dealt with middle - class life and its problems , in particular the tragedy of woman in a Hindu household , and if they lack the sweet aroma of fresh fruit , they have the appetising smell of well - processed cheese .
The author ' s irony in exposing the cowardice and selfishness of the smug Hindu husband is as subtle and sharp as his courage is admirable in denouncing injustice perpetrated in the name of holy scriptures and tradition .
Haimanti , the brave daughter of a helpless father in the story of that name , finds deliverance in death ; the clever , beautiful and strong - willed Mrinal who had a mind of her own redeems her futile existence by her courage in renouncing her husband and home .
She is Tagore ' s Nora flinging her manifesto of independence in her husband ' s face .
Needless to say , the author was reviled in the Bengali press for his indictment of social injusticeabused by the very leaders who were clamouring against political injustice .
In a third story , " Aparichita " ( The Unknown Girl ) he shows how an educated and spirited Bengali girl is more than a match for the namby - pamby youth who imagined he was doing her favour by condescending to marry her .
All these stories are in the first person singular and the central character in each is made to reveal his or her own inmost feelings .
Another very beautiful story is " Boshtami " , the story of a woman who had renounced her home to become a devotee of God .
Tagore had actually known such a woman in a Bengali village and he later described her , with much respect and feeling , in his Creative Unity .
Nor did he take sides .
To him the war was as a wound in the breast of humanity , its pain and horror to be shared by all its limbs , however seemingly far removed .
In an address to his students at Santiniketan he emphasised that as the sins of fathers are visited on children , so all humanity must share the guilt and its punishment for whatever crimes are committed by man anywhere .
In , a moving poem he said : " All the sorrows of the earth , its sins and crimes , its heart - breaks and its lust for violence , have swelled like a tidal wave overleaping the banks , blaspheming the skies .
This and many other poems ( including a sonnet on Shakespeare ) he wrote during these uneasy months when he moved restlessly from place to place , alternating between anguish and elation , nostalgia and expectation , vaguely apprehensive that he stood on the brink of a new phase of himself .
What in him will recede or die and what will emerge , he did not know .
All he knew was that he must move on , renew and , if need be , outgrow himself .
They were all published in 1916 in a slender volume called Balaka ( A Flight of Geese ) .
This volume , dedicated to his young English friend Pearson , marks one of the great peaks which Tagore periodically scaled in his Himalayan pilgrimage .
The book takes its name from the poem written in Kashmir where the author , watching in the evening " the curving stream of Jhelum glimmering in the dusk like a scimitar , " is suddenly roused from his reverie by " the lightning streak of a sound hurtling across the void " and looks up to see a flock of geese winging their way to somewhere far away .
This migratory flight of birds symbolises for him the perennial motion in all things , moving or seemingly motionless , the passage of the time spirit , the unending quest of life and of the soul , the eternal cry in the heart of the universe : " Not here , not here , but somewhere else ! "
He must have chanced upon an old photograph of hers , for the poem is addressed to it .
The same idea , of life perpetually renewing itself , of Winter throwing off its mask to reveal itself as Spring , is embodied in a delightful phantasy which he wrote for his boys at Santiniketan - Phalgni ( The cycle of Spring ) .
The play was staged both at Santiniketan and in Calcutta , Tagore playing the double role of the Poet and the blind Baul or wandering minstrel .
A group of young urchins pursue the old man Winter and disrobe him , only to discover that he is none other than Spring .
Edward Thompson who was present at the first performance felt that " it was wild - wood music , such as the spirit of the bamboo , the spirit of the south wind , the spirit of the flowers might sing , if they took human voice . "
For his character , in his own way , is as great and as creative as that of Tagore himself .
It is , however , of more ascetic order .
It has about it rather an air of religious faith of the Middle Ages than that of modern times .
Tagore is essentially a modern ; Mahatma Gandhi is the St . Francis of Assissi of our own days . "
Having won recognition abroad , Tagore had become respectable in the eyes of die British Government of India .
Gone were the days when the Government servants were warned not to send their children to his school .
Now the highest British dignitary in Bengal came to pay his respects .
Tagore gave the honoured guest a cordial reception and elaborate arrangements were made in the asrama to welcome him .
" Patriots " were not wanting who criticised Tagore for honouring the representative of foreign rulers .
