The appointed day or the last day of the fixed day may be as के ; the Speaker puts every necessary question immediately to vote on the original question .
24 . A resolution is also a statutory measure available to members and ministers to raise discussions in the House on a matter of common interest .
Unlike ordinary motions resolutions are provided in the Rules of Procedure of both the Houses.
The House adopts a motion or resolution adopted by the House declares its opinion on the subject and becomes an order of the House .
As far as their influence is concerned resolutions passed by Parliament fall in these categories :
Such resolutions are not binding on the government in which the House has expressed its opinion only .
The practice is that in these resolutions it is wholly dependent on the discretion of the government to give effect or not give effect to the views expressed .
The resolutions passed by the House in matters of its own proceedings are binding and they exercise the power of law .
Their validity cannot be challenged in courts .
Resolutions which have a statutory effect if accepted are binding on the government and have the power of law .
Should that resolution be considered a censure against the government ?
However after the leave of the House if the member wants to withdraw his proposal he can do so only with the permission of the House .
Notice of no - confidence motion can also be withdrawn by all the members who have signed the notice of the motion and should be taken before the item is moved in the House .
In that case the item in the House is not mentioned or brought before the House .
Rajya Sabha is not empowered to consider a no - confidence motion because under the Constitution the Government is collectively elected to the Lok Sabha alone .
A censure motion is different from a no - confidence motion .
The motion of no - confidence does not mention the reasons on which it is based but it is necessary to mention such causes or charges in the censure motion and it is offered for specific purpose to निंदा the government for certain policies and actions .
A motion is moved against the Council of Ministers or against a minister or against some ministers or in opposition to some of them or in opposition to any policy which appears to be खेद by the House .
The motion should be specific and self - explanatory so as to record the reasons for censure precisely .
Whether the motion is in order or not for some reason it is final .
No leave is required to move a censure motion .
It is not that the government can levy taxes on its own will.
Since the resources of the state are limited proper budgeting is necessary to allocate scarce resources for various government functions .
Every item of expenditure has to be well thought - out and the total outlay worked out .
Besides all these things
The Budget of the Government of India is presented to both Houses of Parliament every year .
In other words the धन budget proposes to make a sum of money spent on what item to be spent during the coming year and how much money will be raised or raised .
The important elements of the financial processes followed in India are laid down in the Constitution which ensures the supremacy of the Lok Sabha in financial matters .
The Constitution provides that no tax shall be levied or collected except by the authority of Parliament and that the President shall in respect of each financial year issue before both the Houses the annual financial statements .
The Draft Bill . was briefly presented to the All - Parties Conference in Delhi in January 1925 .
The committee published the bill .
The लेबर Bill was then sent to an influential member of the Labour Party in Britain .
Its first appearance was followed in the House of Commons .
However after the defeat of the Labour Party the future of this Bill hung on the balance of its लेबर still it was a major attempt to outline a constitutional system for India with the help of peaceful and constitutional means .
In 1924 and 1925 acceptance of a famous proposal of Motilal Nehru on national demand was a historical event since the First ever supported by the increasing demand that India should be made by Indians .
It called upon the Congress Working Committee to build a Constitution for India in consultation with the elected members of the Central and Provincial Legislatures and leaders of political parties .
Only literal आनुषंगिक formal and consequential amendments can be moved at this stage .
Since the general principles of the Bill have already been discussed and an elaboration has already been made there is seldom a lengthy debate over the third reading .
A simple majority of members present and voting.
So in the parliamentary system of governance where the government is formed with the help of a majority it is easy to pass a bill .
Besides providing for any of the matters referred to in the Constitution for a Money Bill other matters are also provided .
For convenience the Financial Bills may be placed in the following two categories:
Category : Bills which are amended for any of the matters specified in Art. 110 for the Money Bill but are not provided for the same matters - for example a Bill which involves only a clause of taxation .
Category B . A Bills which provide for expenses from the Consolidated Fund .
Accordingly all the Finance Bills are not Money Bills .
Only such a Finance Bill can be a Money Bill which provides for the cases enumerated in Art. 110 and is the greatest enough to be certified by the Speaker in the form of a Money Bill .
Moreover the procedure for passing Money Bills and Financial Bills by both the Houses is slightly different .
A Money Bill . can be introduced only in the Lok Sabha on the recommendation of the President and the Rajya Sabha does not have the power to withhold its consent .
The Bills of this category contain two elements which are also found in a Money Bill - LRB - i - RRB - that they cannot be moved in the Rajya Sabha and ( b ) they can be produced only on the recommendation of the President.
One advantage from the discussion is that the government can bring about a comprehensive Bill if necessary .
Each session sets a time of two and a half hours to deal with the bills relating to non - official members on the other Friday .
So far as the stages and other general procedures of the non - official members of the House are concerned there is no difference between the Government Bills and the non - governmental Bills as the Bills of a non - official member are dealt with .
If a member wants to introduce a Bill the Speaker or the Chairman is not permitted to make a Bill at short notice but he has to give notice of one month .
With the information of the Bill a copy of the Bill and an explanatory statement of Objects and Reasons is required .
If a Bill is likely to involve expenditure from public funds in the event of the Bill a financial memorandum showing anticipated expenditure involved is appended to the Bill by the member .
If the Bill is proposed for delegated legislation a memorandum is also appended to the Bill .
Moreover in the समितियों Committees the Government is readily prepared to acknowledge some points and constructive suggestions from Opposition members .
Last Committees provide useful forums where experience and ability can continue to exist otherwise .
They also provide valuable training for future ministers and presiding authorities .
They not only train a number of members about how the administration is run but also about the problems faced by the administrators in the day .
One of the important aspects of our committee system is that the Committees act as a link between the Parliament and the people on the one hand and the government on the other .
The Committees enable the general public institutions and even individual citizens to participate directly and effectively in consultation with the Parliament in matters directly affecting the people .
People can participate in the oral evidence from the Committees to participate in matters arising out of the interests of institutions and organizations affected by समितियों or committees and inviting representatives of the parties concerned by taking oral evidence and inviting cases pending .
This process helps in educating the public in the functioning of the parliamentary system and focusing their attention on important public matters .
If the policy is not appropriately put to action the purpose of the policy can be defeated .
The policy could fail to achieve the desired objectives either because of inefficiency or due to lack of proper organisation of the machinery available to implement it .
It is always necessary to have a body to examine policy in action and to investigate the processes and practices of government organisation .
Their performance can be assessed on seeing their efficiency and economy as both are dependent .
Moreover there is no administrative set up which can be 100 per cent free from defects such as misuse of power negligence शक्ति delay indifference nepotism etc .
It is not possible to know these aspects and facts without a thorough examination of the officials of the ministry or undertaking without any thorough examination of the research - based study .
Financial Committees play a very important role in the sentinel of Parliament .
The responsibility of the administration to the Parliament is not direct but it is exercised by ministers but meets with civil authorities in Committees .
Thus the control of these Committees is consistently comprehensive and direct in which all forms of scrutiny are used ; issuance of समितियों such as obtaining representations and receiving representations from non - governmental organizations and individuals seeking their study on the spot .
The three Financial Committees bring to light संसद waste and असावधानी in implementation of policies and programmes approved by Parliament .
The number of members allotted to the Indian States was also to be determined on the basis of the population which was adopted for British India but the method of their selection was to be settled later by consultation .
The membership of the Constitution - making bodies was 385 ( of which 292 representatives of whom were from eleven provinces under British Indian Governors and 93 representatives from the Indian states .
The Cabinet Mission drafted a framework for the Constitution and laid down certain steps in the procedure adopted by the Constitution - making body .
Elections for the seats allotted to the provinces of British India were completed by July - August 1946 .
The Congress took up 208 seats including all the ordinary seats except those of nine and won over 73 seats leaving the Muslim League five out of five seats allotted to the Muslims .
The details of the members elected from the legislatures of British India were as follows : i . e . the Scheduled Castes 1 the Scheduled Tribes 1 The Independence Council of Free India with 15 August 1947 and full independence .
Moreover the Muslim League members of the Dominion of India had also migrated to the Assembly after the approval of the scheme of June 3 .
The representatives of some of the Indian States had already arrived in the Assembly on 28 April 1947 .
By 15 August 1947 representatives of most of the states came to the Assembly and the rest were in due course sent to their representatives .
The Chairman is the ex officio Chairman of the Committee with the Deputy Chairman Rajya Sabha .
The Chairman of the Rajya Sabha is the ex officio Chairman of the Committee .
The function of the Committee is to recommend how much time is fixed for the legislative and other business to be handled by the government .
In the Rajya Sabha however the Committee also recommends the time that should be allocated for discussion of Bills and Resolutions.
The Committee discharges such other functions as may be assigned to it by the Speaker or Chairman Rajya Sabha from time to time .
The Committee can also recommend to the Government to consider a particular subject for discussion in the House and set time for such discussion .
The role of a committee to assist the House in allocating time for various functions has always been of great significance .
The atmosphere is cordial at the sittings of the committee and the spirit of exchange between the Opposition and the Opposition has been very clear .
The Committee on Bills and Resolutions of non - governmental members is 15 members in this Committee of the Lok Sabha and the Deputy Speaker is the Chairman .
The Committee thus performs the same function in relation to Bills and resolutions of non - official members which are followed by the Advisory Committee on official business .
There is no such committee in the Rajya Sabha .
The Committee on Absence from House sittings provides in the Constitution that if any of the members of either of the Houses are absent from all the sittings of the House for a period of 60 days from all sittings .
From the point of view of convenience the Lok Sabha constituted a committee of 15 members who consider disqualification of members for permission from the House .
In the Rajya Sabha such matters are considered by the House itself .
The functions of the Committee are as follows : ( i . e . to examine all members received from members for permission from the sittings of the House ( 2 ) and to avoid further absence by any member of the House .
The Committee also performs such functions in respect of the attendance of members of the House as may be assigned to it by the Speaker from time to time .
Rules committee : Each House has a Rules Committee .
In Lok Sabha Rules are 15 members of the Committee including the Speaker who is the ex officio Chairman of the Committee .
In the Rajya Sabha the Chairman and the Deputy Chairman are 16 members of the committee .
Suggestions for amendments or additions to the Rules can be made by any member of the House either by a Minister or by the Committee himself .
Thus the Committee is competent to take the form of a " लेने or Public Grievances Committee .
Privilege committee : Members of each House of Parliament individually and collectively receive some privileges from which they are entitled to certain rights and privileges without which the House and its members cannot effectively and function .
When a question of breach of privilege arises even though the House is competent to deal with it the Committee of Privileges is referred to it for general scrutiny and reporting .
The Privilege Committee is usually constituted by their Presiding Officers in both the Houses .
It has 15 members in the Lok Sabha and 10 members in the Rajya Sabha .
The functions of the Committee are of the semi - judicial nature and have wide powers .
Though its findings are subject to the ultimate decision of the House it enjoys the confidence of the House and its recommendations are seldom rejected .
The Committee plays an important role in safeguarding the powers and prestige of Parliament and Parliament .
Committees on Government उ Committee on सरकारी questions in the House .
To monitor the implementation of such assurances each House of Parliament has constituted a Committee on Government . .
The Committee monitors to ensure that the Government implements its recommendations .
Through its reports the Committee has sought to control and regulate the vast discretionary powers enjoyed by the administration with the main objective of protecting the citizens against the misuse of authority .
Shri G. V. Mavalankar the First Speaker of the Indian Parliament held that the Committee on Subordinate Legislation is the custodian of the duties of the House and keeps the administration within bounds .
The Committee on Papers Laid on the Table : At every session the Government puts before the Parliament its statements statements statements statements statements statements statements statements statements statements statements statements statements statements statements statements and reports to inform members on various matters .
Some of these reports / letters may be referred to various parliamentary committees including the Committee on Subordinate Legislation but most of them remain for detailed examination by the Committee on Papers Laid on the Table .
The Committee has 15 members in the Lok Sabha and 10 members in the Rajya Sabha .
The Committee examines all the letters placed on the Table of the House and the correspondence placed under the provisions of the Constitution or under the Act . Rules or Regulations placed before the House in case of delay in compliance with any of such defect .
Thus the aim of the Committee in general is to enforce parliamentary control in areas of administration in which it was not until it was formed in 1975 .
The Constitution of India provides for a variety of defence measures for the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes as well as a mechanism for monitoring their obligations .
The Commissioner of Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes regularly reports to the President of India which are held before him to discuss in Parliament and to give effect to recommendations made by the Commissioner of Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes .
The possibility of a close scrutiny by the Parliamentary Committee has a salutary effect on the administration .
Many acts of negligence nepotism and waste are not done by the fears that they can be looked into and exposed to public .
There is no doubt that the Committees of the Lok Sabha have proved to be an adjunct to the Indian political system .
With constant vigilance and fair and constructive appraisal of the functioning of government departments the Committees have made a distinct contribution to the effective functioning of the Parliament and have played an important role in सुदृढ parliamentary institutions in the country .
From time to time it was being considered that the committee of the Indian Parliament needed to improve and strengthen the functioning of the modern state was necessitated by the increasing expansion and complexity .
Through such Committees the Parliament can keep a strong eye on governmental activities and exchange views on all the proposals emanating from the executive within its sphere .
The 17 Departmental Committees set up and are functioning may be regarded as one of the most important events in the history of Parliament and hope that these committees will give new accountability and direction to the administration and the monitoring process and scrutiny .
The vision of responsibility or without any weakening of the position of the Parliament the entire integrated arrangement of parliamentary committees for all subjects and departments can make the Government more responsive to the genuine functioning of the peaceful policies .
Members of various groups in the Committees can understand more and more the views of each other and take effective decision by setting up a fair mix and compromise between the conflicting interests and by the appropriate arrangements for the executive and the executive .
If the Legislature of the country and members have to exercise their rights without fear or favour and discharge their responsibilities then they must be free to carry out the faults of the government and to act in force without the executive .
If the decisions of the Presiding Officer are influenced by the executive the basis of parliamentary democracy is खतरे .
The idea of a separate and detached Secretariat for the Indian Legislature came effective in January 1926 when a separate office was placed at the Conference of Presiding Officers of Legislative Bodies in India organised by Vithalbhai Patel .
After that on 22 September 1928 a resolution was moved by Pandit Motilal Nehru the then Union Legislative Assembly by another illustrious leader Lala Lajpat Rai and the object of a separate Assembly Department .
In fact the same resolution became the source of the creation and authority of the House Department .
As a result a separate Department known as the Legislative Assembly Department was set up on 10 January 1929 in the Department of the गवर्नर - , and became the de facto head of the Assembly .
After Independence the name of that department continued to be the same till 26 January 1950 and on that day when the Constitution of India came into force and the creation of the Provisional Parliament it was changed . "
His name in 1954 changed the Sabha Secretariat and Rajya Sabha Secretariat respectively in Hindi .
( 3 ) dedication in practice with members and others courtesy discipline self - control patient patience .
( 4 ) ) and precision with a full facts before the Speaker and fair consultation .
( 6 ) A . A . A . ,
The parliamentary official who is impartial and impartial should also participate in all the proceedings and the ability to deal with solutions which are not only in theoretical but also in practical and practical requirements which require dynamic and growing bodies .
The officers and staff of the Secretariats have to be constantly on their toes and consider what reforms should be brought about in the way of serving members and parliamentary institutions .
There is always scope for improvement in the service of parliamentary institutions .
The Parliament of India can feel proud of its performance and credit goes to the processes and facilities of training .
It is held that members should address each other as they are talking to a third person .
Members should not repeat their arguments except that it is absolutely necessary to lay stress on something .
This however does not apply to matters of privilege or where disciplinary jurisdiction of the House with respect to its members is a question .
If we want the debates to be lively in which things are not repeated and the arguments are confined to the issues discussed it becomes necessary to stop written speeches .
But this does not apply to ministers who can read policy statements from written texts and read speeches prepared by them .
When a member is speaking a debate is effective the behaviour of those who listen to the speeches is as important as those of those who speak and therefore there are rules about it .
Tolerance of the opposite viewpoint is the bedrock of parliamentary etiquette .
The House discusses subjects which are generally complex and sometimes controversial .
The members should not go to the Chairman themselves but if necessary send them to the panel authorities .
Moreover the members of the लोक should not leave the Chamber soon after speaking .
Every member should also listen to the observations made by other members on his speech especially when a member criticising another member or a Minister he has the right to hope that the House is entitled to expect .
When he is answering the points of a member or a minister the critics at that point are not present in the House there is a breach of parliamentary decorum .
Members are required to keep the dignity and dignity of the House to refrain from doing anything .
Lady members are expected to desist from knitting in the House .
It is a usual parliamentary practice that members should not stand up to raise a question of order as the Speaker rises to speak of the House as peace .
When the Speaker stands and addresses the House no member should go to the House on the one hand and should not go on to the other and should not enter the Chamber or leave the Chamber .
A member who wants to work on behalf of the person or organisation may find any hospitality in return to that job .
No government notice should be received प्रलोभन by प्रलोभन a member of a government employee who otherwise is not allowed to follow his ordinary commitments and whether a person has any public importance .
( 10 ) Any member in a case in which he has direct or indirectly financial interests - LRB - i - RRB -
( 13 ) His conduct of engage in corruption in the form of a member as a member is a breach of privilege by the House .
Thus any fee received in favour of speaking or opposition to a Bill in the House or to a Committee is deemed to be a breach of privilege compensation or reward .
If a member enters into an agreement with a person to earn a reward in order to prosecute his claims it is also considered a breach of privilege or misconduct by him .
Unfortunately for the past few years there has been a feeling of decline both within and outside the House at the level of behaviour and etiquette .
भीतरी with the Chamber and along with it are two covered corridors called the Inner and Outer चैंबर .
These फर्नीचर are equipped with furniture etc . where members can sit comfortably and interact with each other .
On the first floor of the Lok Sabha there are several public galleries and the Press Gallery .
Press gallery is just above the Chair and the Speaker ' s Gallery ( which is for the guests of the Speaker ) and the Rajya Sabha Gallery ( which is for the members of the Rajya Sabha .
On the right side of the Press Gallery there are Diplomatic and ultra - distinguished spectators .
The चैंबर in the Lok Sabha Chamber with a floor area of में sq. metres and seating capacity of 550 members is provided with a modern sound propagation system .
With each seat in the chosen spots on the माइक्रोफोन are equipped with the following प्रतिबाधा - प्रतिबाधा sounds that have been hidden in the back of the bench with small लाउडस्पीकर in the Galleries are open .
Automatic Vote Recording Equipment installed in Lok Sabha Chamber enables members to record their votes quickly in case of division.
It has a seating capacity of 250 members .
In the village of मरूदूर in south India he was born in 1823 when he was born in बंगाल Bengal Raja Rammohun Roy was active at the age of forty - five and was ready to establish a Brahmo Samaj .
Devendranath Tagore the second successor of Roy was only six years old .
Dayanand Saraswati . who founded the Arya Samaj in Bombay a year after Ramalinga ' s death had been born in 1875 .
When Ramalinga was thirteen.
In 1875 ( one year after Ramalinga ' s death ) Madame सन् and Colonel सोसाइटी in New York founded the Theosophical Society .
He returned to Bombay in 1879 and again to Madras in 1882 .
It was only right that the Theosophical Society ( founded on January 1874 ) one day before his death Ramalinga had prophesied his office shifted to Madras where Ramalinga was seventy - two years old .
Its principles were the same as those of the Theosophical Society of New York ten years later .
In presenting को as a poet and prophet I shall not only refer to his life but also discuss the legend in which the incidents of his life are captured .
The father पिता Pillai a Saiva community belonged to the गांव village Munshi and teacher .
His mother मां मां belonged to . village in मद्रास district near Madras .
पत्नी was his sixth wife and had two sons - Chairman and two daughters.
It is also said that Shiva himself as an ascetic went to घर ' s house and went a little farther into the house .
It is said that when he belonged to the month of के his father took him to Chidambaram where Ramalinga saw the secret of शिशु and this empty place behind the screen is considered to be the emblem of the formless Brahma .
He lived at 39 स्ट्रीट Pillai Street near Seven Wells in the present postal zone of Madras .
The poet says of his boyhood experiences :
When Ramalinga was five years old his brother Sabapathy started teaching him .
But Ramalinga remained neutral and spent most of his time in the में .
He wandered over the आवारगी streets and wandered through the मंदिर temple .
He entrusted with the task of teaching Ramalinga to the Tamil Pandit Sabapathy Mudaliar of Kanchipuram .
But even the Pandit had no particular effect .
Seeing that the child was fascinated by his words and songs which he gave up his efforts .
The Chairman . lost his patience and instructed his wife Parvati to give him nothing to eat and wear .
So speaking with love he finally agreed that he would please his brother and take his education seriously .
He promised to provide a room at the other floor where he could study .
His request was accepted .
He returned home and was not happy with his brother when he found that he never left home .
Perhaps these days he had become a child - ascetic .
In a poem he says to God :
But you गरिमा your dignity
It is worth noting that he addresses God as a mother in this poem .
Maybe he was remembering his sister - in - law Parvati who had given him a loving care to her and asked her to come home .
In later years his concern for the problem of hunger lies in this experience .
It was enough for him to live at home .
Ramalinga built a mirror against the wall and burnt it before .
In the flame he conceived the Soul of the World and the mirror लौ in which the flame has की become the symbol of man himself .
At the same age he had begun composing songs perhaps a few minutes earlier as he himself says to God .
It is said that Ramalinga himself wrote in a song ( at the age of nine ) he saw in a mirror the Lord of के ( Kartikeya ) .
It is a collection of गीतों songs in which the following lines are still sung in Tamil Nadu.
One day he had to take charge of the girl reading the manuscripts written in the feast with the statements of रामलिंग रामलिंग and Ramalinga read them so loudly that the audience insisted that they should recite the manuscripts in the future .
One day the Chairman was to be प्रवचन to the house of the घर Chettiar but he fell in fever .
The theme was the biography of रामलिंग तिरू आन who is known as the जीवनी संर्तगायक of तिरू रामलिंग रामलिंग and Ramalinga considered it his own ideal .
Ramalinga spoke.
This was his first statement that he delivered after the closed room .
One of the elders named . Navalar was called . Saivite .
Navalar felt that the new religion of Ramalinga ( Sanmarga धर्म ) of many other religions belongs to the Brahmo Samaj specially to the Christian community .
नाक i . e . the book of का ( Sri का ) is called the नाक of Ignorance and the book of falsehood and नाक of the nose .
In Chidambaram a discourse delivered by Ramalinga claimed libel .
When Ramalinga appeared in the court the whole crowd rose in his honour and gave way to him all the traditional ways .
This is referred to in some of his verses . which we have already cited .
People from far off places left their homes to live near them .
People would invite them to their homes and to sing music .
People considered the opportunity of serving them as a blessing .
They came to be known as a cult and example .
Some of the learned men of the crowd had asked “What is not possible through the mind?
" Not since Brahman is beyond this phenomenal world and mind in this world of appearance . "
, is possible only by self - knowledge self - knowledge or by self - awareness and soul knows it रामलिंग Ramalinga said .
As a matter of fact this way of self - worship is shown by the people who have worshipped the image and have acquired the knowledge of it and those who have made it alive to the dead .
Ramalinga says that such logic may be right in theory and not in practice .
( Rajasthan State v. Union of India AIR 1977 SC राज्य ) ( see under Chapter 6 राज्य Union and its territory ) .
His President is the President ; in him all executive powers are vested and exercised by his name .
He is also the highest commander of the armed forces .
But it is recognised that unlike the US President our President is only a nominal or constitutional head of the executive .
On the contrary the United States ' s Presidential Rule is a separation of powers and the President is the chief executive for a fixed term and cannot be dismissed often .
In the U. S. system the President chooses his ministers from among the common citizens and the ministers are not members of the Legislature whereas in the parliamentary system ministers are drawn from Parliament and they are responsible for the Lok Sabha .
It may be said that in the parliamentary system emphasis is laid on the concept of executive responsibility while in the Presidential system the stability of the executive is evidently more important .
But it is wrong to say that we have completely adopted the British parliamentary system .
For example the Constitution of the Great Britain is a unitary while ours is largely a Union territory .
This is called शुल्क : धर्मशाला Veda . ( धर्मशाला ) . ( धर्मशाला ) . ( शुल्क ) in Tamil .
In the same year he founded a school Sanmarga सन्मार्ग School .
But the school could not run for long .
It was during this period that Ramalinga made a plan to bring out a magazine called Satya - सन्मार्ग .
After the opening of the Eating House Ramalinga left Karunguzhi for Vadalur .
The octagonal gave it to his disciples and ordered to build a temple .
In June 1871 temple construction was started .
They did not call it मंदिर or temple .
The full name was बचना सन्यमार्ग् बचना सभा Satya सभा सभा Sabha or in brief he wanted to avoid anything that would mean a religious motive .
The whole temple was a magnificent symbolic one .
The truth Sabha was octagonal and had a twelve - pillared hall inside which there was a four - pillared hall and this symbol of the Light of Grace .
A consecrated mirror of four feet was installed to reflect the फुट it represents the फुट .
Only for certain purposes like sweeping cleaning धूल burning धूल lighting the lamp - lit oil - lamps could allow anyone to enter .
It was chosen by those who did not eat flesh - not kill men who had conquered their desires and desires and their castes and creeds .
He says in his small application to the सन्मार्ग Satya सन्मार्ग ( Satya Sanmarga Satya सन्मार्ग - सन्मार्ग ) (
O Kudala Sangama Lord !
We are not impressed by the two वर
Sense of self - की
This Sabhai Hall of सभा was renovated by some dedicated people led by कृपानन्द वारियार in 24 April 1950 .
During this period Ramalinga wrote petitions to the Supreme Light in prose .
They have now issued circulars regarding the पंथ .
On 30 March 1871 instructions for the building include :
Should one 's body be burnt by weight or by the time of time the body should not burn it .
Be confident that the deceased must rise .
should not be sad and दुख
If a man loses his wife let him know not to marry .
If one ' s son dies.
All those who have suffered these झेला gather on a day and who may be able to eat नि .
What was that ?
This was compassion .
This compassion is possible only by a sense of world - unity .
Like - you will repeat it will give you more knowledge .
After me none will come to consult you .
So vote on the path of apathy .
It is to be noted here that the only purpose of his life is to be found in his poetry - that of man and woman .
A slight resentment can also be seen to his followers ; it is even more evident in the circulars sent to भोजनशाला they contain a good but explicit and definite opposition .
In the same context Ramalinga occasionally speaks of the arrival of some people from his disciples - , who would take care of the Theosophical Society .
The Ramalinga ' s dissatisfaction with the maintenance of the House and the temple increased to such a extent that he decided to stop it in 1873 .
Within six months of its opening he had issued written instructions on 1872 1872 for its upkeep .
According to them devotees can worship only at the entrance and the person who enters the chamber should be above the age of twelve or seventy lakhs .
After the closing of the Sabhai he retained the key in his Siddhi सभा .
Four years after his death the temple remained closed and the followers of के opened it again and resumed their worship in 1878 .
After the closing of the Sabhai appeared a great sermon at Siddhi 1873 on 22 October 1873 .
Then their external activities ended .
On the following month November 1873 he placed his lamp out of his room .
He told his followers ) ( as recorded ) you can worship here without any obstacle .
I will close the door of my room .
For some time God will shine in this flame.
The room was opened in his presence .
A brief account of Ramalinga ' s life was published in the Madras District मद्रास - South Arcot district ( 1906 - 07 ) under the following extracts quoted below .
वडलूर : A small village of 1 189 inhabitants lying in the south - west of Vadalur on the वडलूर road .
This place was associated with the Ramalinga Sanyasi . who later became Sadhu and later by his followers gave them the name of God .
Ramalinga - seems to have said to his disciples that he would die and he consequently urged that burial was preferable to cremation.
It is said that . was also buried in this belief and those who had performed this play in other villages were brought to Vadalur and दफनाया .
He locked himself in 1874 in that room ( which he still stands at Mettukuppam ) in Karunguzhi for his समाधि and instructed his disciples not to open it for some time .
In the last days of January 1874 he resumed को his teachings .
On the 30th of the same month we saw the last time at गुरू . .
He promised that he would never again refer the time to the , place and the situation .
By that time he would continue working not only in India but in Europe in America and elsewhere .
During the last days of his secular life he often wondered - the true members of the World fraternity live in the remote north - when Russia , from America and other countries you will the same world .
I have now had my vision of - - this prophecy .
It may be mentioned here that many scholars have questioned the veracity of मुदलियार Mudaliar ' s statement particularly the mention of certain countries .
When in the columns of an open चुनऋती the writer of the बंबऋ World wrote in the Bombay Gazette ( 4 ) My letter was started with the following confidence - when I wrote the सोसाइटी I knew it well .
In November 1875 the Theosophical Society was founded on 1878 only after 1878 there was some correspondence with Indian friends ; the result was that the headquarters of the Society shifted to Bombay in February 1879 .
In 1882 the headquarters were shifted from Bombay to Madras .
Ramalinga ' s religion can be said to be the title of this chapter but he did not approve of the word religion as a धर्म in the last years and forbidden all religions from his teachings into the true essence of what he had उपदेशों .
In the same way the Upanishad declares that the soul alone achieves self - knowledge .
Ramalinga ' s conception of the Supreme Light can be seen in the Gayatri of Rig Veda .
In 1867 Ramalinga met Sabapathy शिवाचार्य a young man of nineteen in Chidambaram .
This mantra from the Rigveda known as Gayatri or Surya Gayatri has two meaning : The first meaning is that of the other .
He who dwells in the intelligence is within the intellect ( science ) and intellect who does not know the intellect whose body the intellect is intelligence and who dwells in the intellect and who rules the intellect within he is the Ruler within .
This is the idea of ह्यअनु0
One who dwells inside man dwells in the sun and he who is the same
The Gayatri Mantra has more relevance than the following verse of के ( श्लोक ) .
To purify and elevate ideas the Gayatri and the Self as the outer light is ordered to concentrate on the Gayatri and the Self .
In order to increase the power of constant meditation on God रामलिंग or to say in the beginning of the लौ Ramalinga used the flame reflecting in the mirror .
I know that there is no saint or prophet who is a great poet like Ramalinga .
In their songs and in their songs the proof of their joy of joy is that those who never sacrifice the lives of saints or saints do not धऋद्दयान
The enchantment of his word - net is such a thing .
Without any effort a full - fledged poetic flourish full of lyrical lyrical forms full of humanity and spirituality करती the flux of ideas and a word or line can be marred by his purely human references .
Whatever may have said in the context of Tennyson ' s poetry he may be said to be in the context of Ramalinga ' s poetry ; there are some poets who have beautiful lyrics with a few others like her .
Ramalinga was a pioneer of Tamil modern poetry as the ancestor of the legendary patriot Bharati ( 1882 ) .
The poets are entirely different and के .
R. S. रामलिंग Tamil scholar and critic writes - LRB - in Tamil translated here - RRB - The Tamil world could never forget the great Ramalinga who had introduced new metres and music in Tamil.
In the U. S. Constitution the fundamental rights were expressed in absolute terms .
But there can be no absolute right of a person since the rights of each individual are limited by the same rights of at least others .
The Supreme Court of America had to find and identify legitimate restrictions on fundamental rights .
But our founding fathers decided to incorporate the restrictions within the relevant provisions .
Thus the Constitution presents a balance between the rights of the individual on the one hand and the interests of the society and the security needs of the state .
Directive Principles of state policy inspired by the Irish precedent are a unique feature of our Constitution .
Most of the social and economic rights of the people have been incorporated under this head .
However it is said that they cannot be introduced into the Court although these elements are expected to guide the governance of the country .
They are in the form of ideals laid before the States by the framers of the Constitution and all the organs of the state must strive to achieve them .
In those days the journey of a Hindu across the ocean was not merely an adventure .
It was a revolutionary step against society because the sea voyage was not viewed well and severe penalties were prescribed for the accused .
Dwarkanath went to England twice in 1842 and again in 1842 .
The well - known विद्यार्थी Friedrich पेरिस was a young student in Paris studying the Rig Veda under Prof. विद्यार्थी .
Max Mueller in his autobiography is a tribute to Dwarkanath' s lively and colourful old man who had left him in the midst of a gift of plenty on his mind while he was a gift of grace .
Dwarkanath could not return home from his second visit to Europe .
Thirteen years ago his friend and senior राममोहन Rammohun Roy , who had died in Bristol that Dwarkanath died away from his home only in August 1846 1846 at London .
The टक्कर pillar in the issue of August 1846 of the Times of August 3 1846 says that there is no टक्कर of his fight in India though it may be in a position or position that Dwarkanath' s progress and the betterment of his countrymen .
He left behind him three sons the eldest among whom was Devendranath Tagore the father of Rabindranath Tagore .
Devendranath Tagore was more important in a sense than his fabulous father .
Since his father was known as Prince प्रिंस the reputation of a son was among the people as a Maharshi because he was both saint and seer .
Though he was Dwarkanath ' s son he was truly the moral heir and spiritual successor of Raja Rammohun Roy whose message continued to make them meaningful .
His personality had a deep impact on Tagore ' s intellectual development .
Devendranath was born in 1817 in the midst of a growing luxury which reached its peak by his youth .
She grew up in the midst of her youth not only with her rich father and mother.
But this trend did not go on because the crisis came very fast and suddenly and he was only eighteen years old .
His grandmother was on the death - bed and had to be taken to a tiled shed on the banks of the Ganges because holy Hindus want to leave their last शैय्या on the banks of this holy river .
For three nights he waited for his grandmother ' s death and for the whole time Devendranath stood motionless and silent in the dark and ethereal environs of an inevitable death .
On the eve of his death when he sat alone on the river - bank he was suddenly seized by some intense spiritual delight and lost his normal consciousness .
I picked it up and picked it up but nothing seemed to me .
He sent it to a well - known scholar who identified the first text of this material as the first verse and explained its meaning and moves by God .
Therefore find your enjoyment in self - denial and do not covet what belongs to the good . "
This was a revelation to the young devotee groping in the darkness .
My faith in God became deep and mundane pleasures I tasted divine pleasure .
" When I made a deep study of the Upanishads my intellect was daily illumined by the gift of truth and there was a strong desire for the spread of truth . "
And so on the first day of बंगाल on which the Hindu प्राणियों of Bengal played the annual festival of Durga दुर्गा Devendranath called upon his friends and colleagues and established a लगाव शिक्षा शिक्षा with whom the universal and abstract cult was dedicated to them .
This faith which was both new and old was to चनौती the traditions and superstitions prevalent among the Hindus which were placed at the centre of the worship of a deity .
It was true that Devendranath was launching a new faith in his own family mansion at देवेन्द्रनाथ with an hour and with an hour - old घडियाल the worship of Goddess Durga was alive and had no force in stopping it .
Raja Rammohun Roy was born in a मिलन Sabha by the founding of the Brahmo Sabha with the help of a Hindu - Muslim group of followers and by no means a common creed or symbol .
In the crisis the son showed what metal was made .
He called all the creditors together and kept all the book accounts open to them and declared that the creditors should accept the trust .
I wanted to renounce this world and the world left me .
Oh how wonderful this was ?
However for many years due to judicious management and frugal living they could do all the money and compound interest paid .
They were not only successful in paying a sum of money with interest but also for the charity and grants - in - aid that Dwarkanath promised to pay with liberal expenses which the Prince had promised to pay with liberal assistance in his London .
The Maharshi travelled widely in India during those days when travelling under very adverse conditions was really a risky venture .
The teacher was happy at her responsibility and the pupil was happy to find such a lovely teacher .
We do not know what he learnt during these two months but there was a tender and innocent intimacy between the teacher and the disciple which had a permanent effect on his memory .
I had no collection of books that I could give her so I had already given him the opportunity to write poetry .
When I told him about his poetic talent there was no doubt or doubt about it and accepted it without question.
He asked the poet to give a special name to himself and I chose a name for him which was very beautiful .
I wanted that name to be composed with the music of my poems and I enshrined it in a song meant for it .
In the फटने which she sang before dawn broke she heard this song and said " If the poet had fallen on the death - bed it would lead to a new life .
It is an example of how girls know how to appreciate something with a slight pleasant exaggeration.
When the ship went on his heart विचलित in the memory of Bombay where he spent happy days with his lovely and young teacher .
At the same time the memory of his home in Calcutta - where his sister - in - law was and at the same time her past pleasures and misery were at the core .
He was leaving behind everything which enriched his life .
Fortunately we have preserved the letters they send home in those days - which are the अनुभवों of the early experiences of that age .
Later Tagore regretted that he had written such letters .
But this letter is a tribute to the qualities of literary merit apart from his shrewd observations on the life and life of the British of the seventies of the last century and is historically significant as the earliest specimens of Bengali prose written in the spoken language .
If there is a युवक का as the writer himself felt in his का it is the temper of a young man who has made his धृष्टता or प्रशांत so cynical .
These letters were first published in Bharati ' s magazine यूरोप and later published in the ' Europe ' प्रवासीन ' s first sea - voyage and it was no good नाविक .
Turkey - bath is the same thing as " she हाथ her body into a हाथ or हाथ . "
His brother ' s family was in रवि and he was very happy to find him at home .
The headmaster said after I had examined the काठी : " Oh , your head is . .
During his stay in घर he was not only a partner to play at home but he was very much interested in social life and had one reason to dance to get his brother and sister - in - law .
These words of appreciation were being expressed by great freedom in his letters from home and they were में by the elders and were surprised to return to his brother not to England .
So a अनुलंघनीय order from India was sent to Tagore to discontinue his studies and return to his brother .
" The light of my country and the sky of my country were silent . "
For from the point of view of his creative expression his stay abroad was comparatively barren and he needed inspiration from time to time and which gave him strength and ऊर्जा
In other words it must have been a desire to break those new and sweet attachments made abroad .
Mrs Scott took my hand into his hands and wept.
" If you were to go so soon why did you come to me ? "
His childhood friend or friend is called का who wants him to live .
I do n ' t want anything but I have been groping for ?
Where did the wound come when nobody hurt me ? "
He sees a beautiful and wayward girl and thinks she wants me .
The disappointed poets roam about .
When he returns he finds मुरला on death - bed .
He had now discovered a certain form of legislation and could write as he would like to write on his own accord with what was written in the past .
His heart began to cry : What I write is mine .
He began to बह himself out and as there was no flowing निर्झरिणी it could be easily swept away at any rate and my poetry also changed .
At first I considered it a crime to do so but now I had no regret .
Freedom is the sanction of rules and then the laws which bring it under true self - discipline . "
People were welcome to these compositions .
It was clear that a new star had arisen.
Some of these titles are expressive आत्महत्या आत्महत्या A star ' s suicide की दु Hope of दु दु दु दु दु दु दु को ' love ' etc .
So long as the ship reached Madras he decided to retire home but he could not bear the courage to endure the cruel strain of Maharshi Devendranath and begged his young brother रवीन्द्र
But nothing is known that he did so only in the light of philanthropy that he had left his heart .
" I was frightened and कांप .
He came back to me as a gift to the Creator .
From Mussoorie . to कोठी where his brother sister - in - law and sister - in - law stayed .
There he spent very beautiful days of his life - he was full of indescribable days and nights with joy and passion . "
It was a large rambling house - with terraces and stone steps leading to the river bank .
It was in this place that Tagore first came in contact with the Bengal river and was then occupied with great dominance .
And so the entire बाहरी of the outer world seemed to have vanished .
In a public place the invisible screen of all things and all that was once removed and their ultimate significance was transferred to my mind . "
Here he saw only his eyes or heard nothing from his ears but was experienced by his whole .
On the whole it was a surprise - that had no end .
This experience lasted four days and during this period it was situated at a heightened height of spiritual exaltation from which everything seemed more vivid more beautiful and more pleasant .
At the end of the fourth day with the disappearance of such an extraordinary mood Rabindranath Tagore came to grips with the situation which he called the सीमांत - age - where the direct rays of truth are seldom disturbed .
On the day of this unprecedented experience Rabindranath wrote his famous poem : " The भंग Dream भंग which he said is symbolically : he began his career as an adult poet .
As he said it was like a कविता and moving poetry " .
Suddenly the sun ' s rays penetrated the frozen gloom .
So he accompanied his brother and sister - in - law to Darjeeling which was the magnificent कंचनजंघा peak , which is the second biggest माउंट after Mt. Everest .
But Vijay was connected with her little house in स्ट्रीट Street .
Where then was the beauty that had just stolen his heart ?
What was the secret ?
This poem and a number of such poems that are written later by him are कविताएं abstruse and critics are still alive .
When it was published for the first time there was a wager among the two friends of the poet .
It was enough for me to say that when he came to me for the exact answer I was not able to find a solution to this problem and that no money was willing to lose .
Commenting on this academic itch to understand everything दिमागी the author wrote in his lifetime but writes out a poem to explain something .
If someone tells a flower that nothing has come to my understanding then I will reply that there is no such thing as to understand it : it is merely a सुरभि and so when the meaning becomes .
Shiva opens his third dread eye and all the stars and the stars are broken and all these things are lost on the cosmic funeral pyre .
Once again the eyes of Brahma fall into a trance .
In the summer of 1883 the two brothers and Kadambari Devi रहने would live in the fragrant area of cardamom and sandal - paste lying on the southern sea coast of India .
Satyendranath and his elder brother Satyendranath was a जज judge and Tagore spent here a few very happy and बिताए days with those who were indeed very much in love with those of Satyendranath and his companion .
A Sanyasi has locked himself in a cave ; for self - perfection and to go beyond the limits of Nature this play begins with a reference to his life and the deliverance of a person standing before it .
" I have also examined the boon when Lord Shiva has wiped out the unclean stain of creation from the void of eternity and went into his own अपराजेयता .
But his Destiny had already laid a traps for him and these days full of फंदा and प्लावित happiness were for a very short period .
His elder brother - in - law was on his way into the उलझनों of his daring business enterprise enterprises and he had no time to look after his family estates and property .
The Maharshi though और and remote were alert and watchful like unseen Providence decided that he was the right time when he could be easily yoked to the family chariot.
If the Maharshi could keep a vision of the Creator and the universe there was no reason why his son could not look after both poetry and family property .
But before doing so it was essential that a wild horse should be properly handled and a gene attack was imposed on it .
So a silent edict was issued that the family would find a suitable bride for the young man .
The women of the family according to the prevailing tradition had taken the responsibility of selecting a bride - bride for the eldest son of the family but they were not so free in this case .
The Maharshi though liberal and progressive in religious matters was conservative in compliance with social rules .
It was because of this choice that was confined to certain families belonging to the same caste group in a small town like शहर .
And so the eleven - year - old daughter वधू who was chosen as his bride had no other daughter of राय Ray Choudhury - who was an employee of the परिवार family .
Before the Forty - second Amendment the only mention of the word 'secular' in the Constitution appeared in articles 25 ( 2 ) wherein the state had been empowered to regulate or restrict any mundane activity associated with religious practice .
Obviously here the connotation of 'secular' was' secular or pertaining to matters other than purely religious.
The Forty - second Constitution Amendment Act which added the word secular did not attempt to define it .
But it was felt that the linking of this word was only to approve and explain the fact which was believed to have been already present as a basic feature of the Constitution .
The founding fathers tried to provide full representation to all the elderly people in the country without any criteria of literacy property income tax or woman .
No hereditary ruler is elected by the people for a definite period .
It is generally referred to as the President of the Republic .
Democratic republic therefore broadly means a state with a elected President and a government of the people .
In the eyes of law all citizens are equal ; there is no privileged class and all public offices are open to each citizen without any distinction whatsoever on grounds of race caste sex or sex .
The membership of the Commonwealth may even after Independence India decided to remain a member of the Commonwealth but it made no sign or compromise on its position as a nation or a republic .
In fact the Commonwealth was transformed .
In this positive connotation liberty would mean freedom of an individual to act according to his desire .
The concept of independence of thought and faith equality of religion and worship as defined in the fundamental rights of the Constitution should be regulated in such a way that the security of the State shall not be in danger .
The leaders of the French Revolution believed that all men were equal in law .
The law however saves or सजा it should be done without any consideration of distinction between birth and birth .
Moreover all citizens are equally eligible for all public offices honours and positions only according to their ability qualities and talents .
In the context of स्त्रियां equality does not mean that all men ( and women ) are equal in all circumstances .
There must be physical mental and economic differences between them .
Finally the reorganisation of states under the Constitution ( Seventh Amendment ) Act 1956 abolished the distinction between Part A and Part B states .
Subsequently a number of new States namely Haryana हरियाणा Himachal Pradesh . Nagaland , Nagaland . Nagaland . Mizoram Arunachal Pradesh and Goa .
Union Territories ( 1 ) Andaman and Nicobar Islands ( 2 ) Chandigarh राज्यक्षेत्र ( 3 ) Dadra and Nagar Haveli ( 4 ) Daman and Diu ( 5 ) Delhi ( 5 ) now stands ( six ) .
Where India was the old name and it represented the first expression of the consciousness of unity and integrity of the country " India was the modern name which had the country known all over the world .
As a member of the United Nations it was called India and all international agreements were made in that name .
Both names therefore had strong reservations .
Finally the name 'India that is India ' was accepted as an auspicious agreement .
India is a " Union ; it was intended to emphasise the fact that it was not the result of bargaining or agreement between the constituent units but a clear declaration of power and authority to India .
No State could therefore secede from the Union nor could it suo की vary its territory as laid down in the First Schedule to the Constitution .
Article 2 provides that Parliament shall by law admit or establish new States in the Union of India on such terms and conditions as it deems fit .
The latest state in the Union was extended by सिक्किम and सिक्किम Constitutional amendments in 1974 and 1975 .
This was done by the people of Sikkim at the request of the Sikkim Assembly and by the plebiscite .
Under article 3 Parliament has the power to form a new state by separating its territory from any State or by uniting two or more States or parts or by uniting any territory with the part of a state .
It can increase or decrease the area of a state and even alter the boundaries or name of a state .
Thus the State has no guarantee of territorial integrity or its existence .
But at the same time it has been held that the Parliament ' s power to diminish the area of a state does not include the power to dedicate the Indian territory to a foreign state .
( Regulations of the Union and बस्तियों in relation to बस्तियों ) AIR 1950 SC विनियम ) .
It can therefore be said that India is an indestructible Union of mortal states .
It represents that a person has a complete political membership of the state : he has a permanent allegiance to the state and that he has been duly accepted by the state in the political system .
Citizenship provides certain rights , duties and privileges .
All public offices are open to citizens .
The right to vote and certain fundamental rights are accessible to citizens and citizens like paying taxes defending the nation etc .
Citizenship can also be viewed as a legal relationship between the individual and the state under which the individual pledges his loyalty to the state and gives protection to the individual .
This relationship is regulated by national law and recognized by international law .
On 26 November 1949 the Constituent Assembly adopted the Constitution and applied immediately articles 5 to 9 relating to citizenship .
Till then those of us who lived in British India were subject to the Crown and thus British subjects .
The partition of India and the migration of large numbers created enormous problems for determining citizenship .
Citizenship provisions in the Constitution - articles 5 to 11 - gave the Constitution Drafting Committee the worst of all and took more than two years to prepare and make it final .
However the Constitution laid down the law only in respect of who would be the citizen of India at the time of the commencement of the Constitution .
It did not provide for the acquisition and termination of citizenship .
Article 11 said that Parliament could regulate the right of citizenship by law .
Under article 5 - 8 each person who was named after him was a citizen of India born in India ; but not more than one of the six months since the commencement of the Constitution were born in India .
Thus at the time of the commencement of the Constitution ( e ) for citizenship ( i . e . on the basis of domicile ) came from Pakistan and provided for citizenship for Indians residing abroad .
Domicile is an important criterion for citizenship of a country .
Raza v. State of Bombay AIR 1966 SC 1966 .
Article 5 provides that if a person lives in the territory of India on the commencement of the Constitution ( अधिवास ) of the Constitution ( i . e . a person less than five in India ordinarily .
A person can alter the aforesaid domicile on the basis of birth or residence .
In fact citizenship denoted by domicile and not vice - versa.
The domicile is different from citizenship because it is mainly concerned with the state area and not membership of the community which is at the root of the principle of citizenship ( Abdul Rehman Rehman v. State of Bombay AIR 1964 .
It provides single citizenship and relates to domicile in the territory of the whole of India and not vice - versa.
Unlike the United States there is no separate State citizenship in India .
His domicile is only one domicile that is domicile in the territory of India .
( Pradeep Jain v. Union of India AIR 1984 SC 654 ) .
A person migrating from Pakistan : Article 6 provides for citizenship rights of migrants from Pakistan before the commencement of the Constitution .
There are two types of distinctions among such migrants viz. those migrating to India before July 19 1948 when the permit system for migration was introduced on July 19 1948 and those who came after that date .
A person who had migrated from Pakistan before July 19 1948 and settled in India shall be deemed to be a citizen of India at the commencement of the Constitution if any of his parents were born in India in general or in India .
Thus the future citizenship needs of all Indians residing abroad have been considered .
Voluntary acquisition of citizenship of another country Article 9 provides that if a person has voluntarily acquired the citizenship of a foreign state his right to citizenship will be abolished .
This provision was applicable in matters arising before the commencement of the Constitution but in matters arising after the commencement of the Constitution the citizenship Act . 1955 shall be dealt with in accordance with the provisions of the Citizenship Act .
The Supreme Court has held that it is the duty of the Government of India to determine whether or not a person has been deprived of the citizenship of any other country and then a state is treated as foreigners .
( पीर v. State of Kerala AIR 1966 SC 1966 ) ; Uttar Pradesh ( 1971 ) State of Uttar Pradesh v. पुलिस ( 1971 ) AIR 1965 SC 329 ) ;
Article 10 provides for every person to be a citizen of India subject to any of the provisions made in articles 5 to 10 or understood subject to the provisions of such a law .
In other words it means that a citizen ' s right to citizenship cannot be छीना apart from parliamentary legislation .
( Ibrahim Wazir ( राज्य ) Bombay State ( AIR 1954 SC 229 ) .
The terms used in articles 5 and 10 have been interpreted in such a way that all persons under them are in jail during trial or who are undergoing imprisonment .
राज्य State v. Prabhakar AIR 1966 SC 1966 Sunil . v Delhi Administration AIR 1978 SC 1978 .
For some time there has been considerable differences about whether corporations are also covered by legal individuals ?
But the Citizenship Act made it clear that corporations were not citizens .
( Indian Trade Corporation ( commercial tax ) officer ( 1964 ) 4 R ) ; Tata Engineering and Locomotive Co. ) .
v. Bihar ( 1964 - 6 AIR 885 ) .
The power of Parliament to regulate the right of citizenship by law and the Citizenship Act 1955 1955 provides unfettered powers for enacting legislation on the acquisition and termination of citizenship of India and all matters connected therewith.
Accordingly the नागरिकता Parliament passed the Citizenship Act 1955 1955 providing for acquisition and termination of citizenship .
Thus all matters relating to the citizenship rights after the commencement of the Constitution are to be dealt with in accordance with its provisions .
The Act was amended in 1986 to tackle the situation created by the large - scale unlawful immigration into India from Bangladesh बांग्लादेश Sri Lanka and some African countries .
This amendment has resulted in greater acquisition of Indian citizenship .
The equality of opportunity in public employment under article 16 ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) for all citizens of India cannot be granted a distinction of equality of status in respect of any employment or employment under the State .
However the subsequent clauses ( 3 ) ( 4 ) ( 4 ) ( 4 ) and ( 5 ) provide four exceptional situations where ordinary rules of equality of opportunity can be broken .
On the basis of this right Parliament passed the Public Employment ( निवास ) Act 1957 .
The Act however provided for an exception in the case of Himachal Pradesh . Manipur Tripura and the Telangana region of Andhra Pradesh where residential qualifications were provided for a limited period not exceeding five years on the basis of backwardness of those areas .
In the case of संसद Rao v. Andhra Pradesh ( AIR 1970 SC 422 ) the Supreme Court gave an opinion that a part of the Act could provide for the whole of the state and not for a part of it .
Clause 4 as a second exception in article 16 provides special powers for reservation of appointments and posts in favour of any deprived sections of citizens .
And this condition can refer not only to the numerical inadequacy of representation in services but also to the qualitative one .
In other words these powers can be exercised not only for reservation of appointments but also for providing reservation in selective posts and posts filled by promotion .
The people do the first and most basic application of their sovereignty when they provide a Constitution in which the various organs of the State are represented and exercised by certain forces .
The Constitution in the federal polity inter alia lays down the powers between the various organs of the states at the level of a federal or federal level and at the other level of units .
The Constitution of a country can also be said to be such देश as may lay down the basic principles of its polity and on the basis of which all other laws and executive functions of the State are subject to their validity and validity .
The Constitution is a living organism of active institutions .
It continues to flourish. and grows .
Much depends on how the courts of the country interpret it and enforce it what conventions and conventions are born around it .
Constitutional law is generally symbolic of the fundamental law of the country in the provisions of the Constitution .
This is particularly concerned with the basic features of the distribution of powers between the various parts of the state and between the Union and the units .
Friendly relations with foreign countries : to ban the independence of speech and expression this ground was covered by the Constitution ( First Amendment ) Act 1951 with a view to avoiding embarrassment to India through persistent and malicious propaganda .
But it has been criticized on the ground that it is likely to support the regulation which could inhibit criticism of government ' s foreign policy .
( Ranjit उदेशी v . Maharashtra . AIR 1965 SC 881 ) .
Articles 129 and 215 of the Constitution empower the Supreme Court and the High Courts respectively to punish for their contempt .
393
Prohibition against self - विधिशास्त्र : Under the provisions of criminal jurisprudence a person is considered to be innocent ; the prosecution has to prove his guilt .
Secondly a person accused of an offence need not make a statement against his will .
Clause ( 3 of article 20 ) however only gives a privilege to the accused which he may leave .
The compulsory performance or characterization of the immunity granted to the accused is not applicable to the recipients of उन्मुक्ति . . or शरीर of खून . . AIR 1960 SC खून .
Also the compulsion of submission of document is prohibited only when they disclose personal information of the accused in relation to the charge ( Bombay State v. काठी AIR 1961 SC 1816 ) .
Sharma v. Satish 1954 SC 300 . .
S. किशन Pillai ( Ram Krishna ) . AIR 1980 SC 185 ) .
Protection of Life and Personal Freedom Article 21 of the Constitution guarantees that no person shall be deprived of his life or personal liberty except the procedure established by law .
This right is also available to citizens and non - citizens .
In the famous Gopalan case स्वतंत्रता ' personal liberty ' meant only liberty relating to the person ' s body or his body .
Moreover under it protection lies only against arbitrary executive action ( b ) of the Union ( राज्य v. State of Madras AIR 1950 SC 27 ) .
Freedom of conscience and religion Article 25 provides for equal rights to all citizens not only to freely respect and propagate religion .
Freedom of not attending to religious education Article 28 forbids totally any religious instruction in educational institutions fostered by state funds .
But in the modern Constitutional law स्वाधीन particularly in independent representative democracies have the greatest emphasis on basic human rights and relationship between citizens and state .
Moreover the sources of constitutional law include not only the basic text of the Constitution but also a number of statutes enacted under certain constitutional provisions .
राज्य . is the concept of a polity which is within the Constitution and subject to limited and law by the government .
But गतिशीलता can come when the process of dynamic change in some of the existing relationships is altered or effected .
In fact they are meant to affect the settled relationships and yet if you come back to the Fundamental Rights they are meant to preserve not indirectly certain settled relationships .
But there is a slight difficulty and naturally when the courts of the country consider these matters they have to lay stress more on Fundamental Rights than on the Directive Principles of State Policy .
Then you become static गतिहीन and cannot change and you cannot realise that ideal of an egalitarian society - which I hope - most of us aim .
It is a fallacy to think that under our Constitution there are only rights and no duties.
The provisions therein are deliberately made flexible because the duties imposed on citizens depend on the extent to which the directive principles are implemented .
For this purpose the population means a definite population in the 1971 census .
There will be no change in the number of seats in the Lok Sabha by 2000 ( article 81 ) .
Seats have been reserved for scheduled castes and scheduled tribes in the Lok Sabha depending upon the population ratio .
Originally the reservation was for ten years but was being extended every time for the next ten years ( articles 330 and 334 ) .
The main purpose of a democratic democracy is to obtain a mandate at the time of the government to remain पर .
The period of Lok Sabha is five years from the date appointed for its first meeting .
The expiration of a period of five years automatically विघटन .
Under certain circumstances it may be dissolved before the expiration of the full period of Lok Sabha .
When a Proclamation of Emergency is in force the period of Lok Sabha may not exceed one year at a time and not exceeding the period of six months in any case after the Proclamation has ceased to operate .
Every member is expected to take oath and affirmation ( article 99 and 3rd ) before he takes his seat in a House .
The salaries and allowances of both the Houses are entitled to salaries and allowances as determined by law from time to time ( article 106 ) .
There is no separate mention in this provision .
However under the Act of Parliament ( Salary Allowances and Pension ) Parliament has provided for pension to members .
It inter alia provided that a member should be given a pension even after a single year of service .
But it was not permissible by the President .
The Constitution provides for the Speaker and Deputy Speaker for the Lok Sabha and the Chairman for the Rajya Sabha .
The Vice - President of India is the ex officio Chairman of the Rajya Sabha .
The Speaker and Deputy Speaker are elected by the Lok Sabha from among its members .
Article 90 provides for the Deputy Chairman Rajya Sabha .
However even after the dissolution of Lok Sabha the Speaker continues to hold office just before the first sitting of the new House ( article 94 ) ( 2 ) .
Sessions of Parliament
It is for the President to summon each House of Parliament from time to time .
However article 85 ( 1 ) provides that there is no difference between two sessions .
However the divisions of the Rajya Sabha are split into two sessions and between them there are three to four weeks interval and therefore four sessions take place in the year .
He will send the Bill if it is not a Money Bill and may for reconsideration by both the Houses .
If the Bill is passed again with or without amendments and presented to the President for assent he will not claim .
Perhaps President . Singh did the same step on the Postal Bill and President Venkataraman did in case of a Bill seeking to give pension to Members of Parliament after just one year .
Procedure in Financial Matters The Budget is expected from the President to describe the estimated receipts and expenditure incurred by the Government of India before both Houses of Parliament in respect of every financial year .
It is known as annual financial statement or budget .
Estimates and Demands for Grants : Estimates relating to expenditure charged on the Consolidated Fund are not put to vote in Parliament but their discussion is not barred.
From legal point of view it means exemption from any duty burden attendance or obligation which others have to complete .
The privileges are meant to preserve the dignity and prestige of the Houses of Parliament their committees and their members and to function without any interruption or interruption .
The privileges really give rise to certain rights privileges immunities and exemptions .
The most important of parliamentary privileges is the freedom of speech while performing parliamentary duties .
Article 19 also gives the citizen the right to speak but articles 105 and 194 lay special emphasis on the right to speak of members of the legislatures .
Article 19 strictly forbids the right of speech such as the law of contempt .
While doing so members should not have any hesitation or inhibition in their mind and they should be able to speak out their ideas and express themselves freely .
Unless a member says enjoys immunity from legal action he cannot be expected to speak freely and उन्मुक्ति .
The Constitution provides therefore that no action shall be taken in any court or in any court against any member of Parliament in relation to any matter said or given by any member of Parliament in Parliament or in any of the Parliament .
Likewise it would be a privilege to take legal action against him for anything said in Parliament or in any of his Committee .
In the case of ' नागरिक ' the Supreme Court has held that the freedom under article 105 to the Members under article 105 shall be subject to the provisions of the Constitution which may be made by any law and permanent orders .
Any investigation carried out by the members in the discharge of their parliamentary duties will be considered to be grave interference with the members' rights .
The Chief Justice of a High Court may with the consent of the President appoint a retired judge to attend and act ( articles 215 217 - 215 ) .
Each High Court shall consist of the Chief Justice and such other judges as the President may deem necessary to appoint from time to time ( article 216 ) .
Each High Court in its jurisdiction shall take up superintendence over all the courts and tribunals set up under any law relating to armed forces ( article 227 ) .
If a High Court is satisfied that any substantial issue relating to interpretation of the Constitution in any case pending in a lower court it can call the case itself and whether it can resolve the issue or by law .
Each High Court has full control over its staff .
The salaries and allowances of the judges and of the High Court staff are fully charged to the Consolidated Fund of the state .
Appointments of officers and staff of the High Court are made by the Chief Justice of the court or such other judge or officer of the court as he may decide .
The terms and conditions of service of the staff and officers of the court are appropriately fixed by the rules which are made by the Chief Justice and approved by the President ( article 229 ) .
A Union territory can be brought under the jurisdiction of a High Court or excluded from its ambit ( article 230 ) .
According to Article 226 each High Court can issue writs in the territory of its jurisdiction in order to enforce fundamental rights in the entire territory of the State or for any other purpose such as transfers orders or writs .
1 .
A person can be appointed as Governor only if he is a citizen of India and has completed the age of 35 years ( article 157 ) .
Moreover the Governor - General cannot be a member of Parliament or a State Legislature .
If a member is appointed as Governor he will be deemed to have vacated his seat on the date of assuming the office of the Governor .
The Governor cannot hold any other office of profit .
Every Governor would be entitled to a rent - free official residence and such other achievements as may be determined by Parliament by law or by another schedule of the Constitution .
The achievements of the Governor under the Act of 1987 have been fixed at Rs 11,000 per month ( articles 158 ) .
In न्यायालय v. न्यायालय ( AIR 1979 SC 1979 ) the Supreme Court held that the office of the Governor was not an office of profit under the government .
Every person discharging the functions of the Governor and the Governor take the oath to faithfully perform the duties of an office and to preserve protect and defend the Constitution and law ( article प्रतिरक्षण ) .
Governor ' s Powers and Functions : According to the Constitution the Governor shall discharge all his functions with the help and advice of the Council of Ministers ( article 163 ) .
The period of the Legislative Assembly shall be five years .
Apart from other things the same is the position of the privileges and immunities of legislatures disqualification of members relation between the two Houses - LRB - legislative procedure - RRB - the origin of Money Bills etc .
But the Legislative Council also has a Chairman and Deputy Chairman and is elected by the Council of Ministers ( article 178 - 187 ) .
A state legislature can make laws for the whole or any part of it .
However no objection can be made about the laws enacted by Parliament by the State Governments on the basis of constitutional operation ( article 245 ) .
Article 246 provides that the Union shall have exclusive jurisdiction to make laws on items of the List of items राज्य State List with exclusive power to शक्ति the Legislature of the States and make matters included in the Concurrent List .
If there is any contradiction between the laws made by Parliament and the Legislatures of States in respect of items in the Concurrent List the laws of the Union would be effective and the law of the state shall be void except in respect of that case .
In the threefold distribution of legislative powers residuary powers of legislation have been vested with the Union ( article के ) .
Also the Parliament has been empowered to make any law for the whole or any part of the country as a whole or for the purpose of an international treaty agreement अंतर्राष्ट्रीय convention or decision .
Again under article 250 Parliament has been empowered to make laws on any item included in the State List for the whole or any part of India .
The maximum duration of validity of such laws will be six months after the expiry of Emergency .
In the Minerva Mills case it was held that the judiciary could interfere if it was established that the Union Government acted mala fide or in lack of facts .
Otherwise treatment can only be political .
The remedy for the solution of the President is beyond the purview of the court .
( Minerva Mills ) v. Union of India AIR 1980 SC मिल्स ) .
Proclamation of President ' s rule is the constitutional duty of the Union to protect its States from external aggression and internal disturbance and to ensure that the government of every state operates in accordance with the Constitution ( article का ) .
Apart from the Governor - General ' s Council the maximum number of members was expanded by the Act 16 ( 1892 ) under the Act of 1892 ( 60 ) ; these were not प्रशासी members .
But it was held that the only law of मूर्त territorial representation in the Indian Councils was to be tangible by the people and represented through sections and interested persons .
However in order to supplement the elected members ( a ) for appointment of government members ( b ) and ( b ) provided for appointment of non - official members which could seem impracticable to represent the people by election .
The elected members were to be elected from such constituencies such as Municipalities जिला district and local boards जमींदारों Universities , commerce and trade associations and groups of people .
Bills of exchange which constituted a majority of non - official members in all the Provincial Legislative Councils but maintained a majority of official members in the Central Legislative Council .
These regulations also provided for a separate electorate and separate representation for the Muslim community .
Thus for the first time the pernicious theory of communal unity was introduced .
Article 311 would not provide any protection if the services are terminated on the terms of the contract or on the basis of retirement .
Article 314 provided for protection of the existing officers of certain services which have been repealed by the amendments made .
The Museum ' s mosquito collections are a reference to राल्फ s work .
When DNA is obtained from mosquitoes the insect has a very small part .
DNA collection
The remains of bricks are brought into the DNA model bank of the museum .
This collection will be used as a reference to Ralph ' s current work and will serve as a DNA collection to scientists for other projects in the future .
पश्चिम in the tropical forests of West Africa have a population of सदाबहार per sq metre .
In some parts of the land the number of these animals may be up to 98 per cent .
In tropical and sub - tropical regions termites help to maintain the soil pattern and strength in the same way as earthworms in Britain .
But what happens when evergreen forests are harvested for दीमक and agriculture ?
The Commission was expected to give due regard to the industrial cultural and scientific advancement of India and the just claims and interests of the people of the non - Hindi speaking areas .
The First Official Language Commission was appointed in 1955 .
In S. R. . v . Union of India ( 1994 ) the decision given by the Supreme Court in the case of dismissal of BJP governments in Madhya Pradesh हिमाचल Himachal Pradesh and Rajasthan by Justice Jeevan Reddy and Ramaswamy are the main features .
According to Justice Ramaswamy the democratic polity . federal structure . the unity and integrity of the nation viz . secularism socialism सामाजिक social justice and judicial review are the basic features of the Constitution .
Democratic and representative institutions are not entirely new to India .
Complex and serious cases were often referred to the Special Committee elected from among the members of the House .
At the lower level democracy was present in the form of Regional Councils ( लोकतंत्र Nagar Councils ) नगर and Village Sabhas ) .
The origin of modern parliamentary institutions in the modern sense is the establishment and development of parliamentary system and legislative institutions for almost two centuries connected with British connection with India.
But it would be wrong to assume that the British institutions at any point were at any time substituted in India .
As we now know the Parliament and parliamentary institutions of India they have grown in India .
They were evolved by a series of struggles for liberation from foreign rule and for the establishment of independent democratic institutions and by the British rulers संघर्षों gradually by constitutional reforms .
It was the first occasion when the Governor - General ' s Government came to be known as the Government of India and his council was known as the Indian Council .
However certain powers of nominated members were retained but still the majority of the elected members in each House was necessary .
Members were to be elected directly by constituencies delimited by the rules framed under the Act .
The qualifications prescribed for the election varied widely and were based on communal groups . residence and property .
A detailed classification of subjects was carried out by the transfer rules as " central " and " provincial " .
The defects of the 1919 Act were many in the 1919 Act .
It did not meet the demand for responsible government .
The Governor continued to rule .
In the absence of financial power थे ministers could not effectively implement their policy .
After the suppression of the 1857 uprising the secular Indian nationalism was the worst sufferers and it was the greatest victory of the British policy of divide and rule .
In the words of Sardar सरदार it was the first expression of the राष्ट्र राष्ट्र which ultimately विभाजन the country . "
The Government of India Act 1919 1919.
The First Council consisted of 60 members of which 34 were elected सरकारी 20 nominated officials and 6 nominated non - official members .
Under the Act the membership of the Legislative Assembly was reduced to 140 with 100 elected members 26 nominated government members and the rest nominated non - official members .
According to statutory rules the total number of members could be increased and the ratio could be varied between the members of the different sections so that at least 5 / 7 members of the total number are elected and at least one of the rest .
The first Legislative Assembly constituted under the 1919 Act came into existence in 1921 .
In the case of the Council of States the electoral rolls were held so high that the House was reduced to almost the size of rich merchants and traders .
In 1920 the total electorate for the Council was only 17,644 and that of the Legislative Assembly .
The general term of the Council was five years old and for three years in the Assembly .
The Governor - General could dissolve either House before the expiration of its full period .
It could also have grown under special circumstances .
Both the Houses had equal powers except that the Assembly could sanction or cry only for supply .
Under the 1919 Act in accordance with the system known as the सरकार ( प्रांतों ) a partly responsible government was established in the provinces but there was no liability for the Governor - General and the Council of Parliament .
The nature of the Central Legislature though more representative than the First Legislative Councils had the power to supply supplies for the first time but could not have the power to change the government and to make laws .
Thus ब्रिटिश though for the whole of British India the Governor for the British subjects and duties of the Crown in India and outside British India continued to retain the power of the Central Legislature several other territorial limits .
Swaraj Party leaders justified entry into the legislatures saying that this is the best way to विधानमंडलों and अप्रभावी the administration under present conditions .
The Swaraj Party met with brilliant success in the elections of 1923 .
By winning 45 seats out of a total of 145 Swaraj Party became the largest party in the Union legislature .
According to Maulana Azad the biggest success of the party was to win over places reserved for Muslims .
In these years there was a tremendous political consciousness in the country .
The Act of 1919 provided for the appointment of a Royal Commission after ten years of time to be appointed to look into the working of the system of governance in British India and to examine the development of representative institutions what is desirable ?
In November 1927 two years before the scheduled period the Commission was appointed .
But the Chairman of the Commission . Sir John Simon संसद and all his members were elected from the British Parliament .
Moreover the Union Minister is not collectively responsible to the Legislature .
The Congress and Indian public opinion remained दबाव and pressed the administration to be made more representative and responsible .
But the हाथ took their hands and the special legislative proposals called the Rowlatt Bills .
Consequently under Gandhiji ' s leadership satyagraha non - cooperation and Khilafat movement were launched .
The Simon Commission : Under the 1919 Act a Commission was set up in 1929 to inquire into and report the functioning of the 1919 Act and make further recommendations on it .
After the rejection of the demand for Dominion Status a resolution was passed at the Lahore session of the Congress in 1929 on Purna Swaraj .
The all - white Simon Commission was boycotted by most of the Indian parties .
The report published in May 1930 1930 was rejected by all political parties .
In the meanwhile under the presidentship of Jawaharlal Nehru the Indian National Congress had announced at its Lahore session in 1929 that Swaraj was our objective .
The Government of India Act 1935 1935 intended to provide for a federal structure .
It provided that in the discharge of the functions of the Governor - General the President shall exercise his help and advice powers except in a situation where his functions are to be met by his discretion " or not by his personal considerations .
The personal or collective responsibility of the ministers was not mentioned in the Act though each minister was expected to be a member of either House of the legislature .
He could in his discretion preside over the meetings of the Council of Ministers .
The Act provided that the Federal Legislature consisted of ( सम्राट ) represented by the Governor - General - LRB - सदन - RRB - and two Houses respectively called the Council of State ( Upper House of Assembly ) and the House of Assembly (
A council of state will be a permanent body not subject to dissolution but one - third of its members retire every third year .
Every Federal Assembly would operate for five years if it was not dissolved by the Governor - General in his discretion .
Each House was to elect its Chairman and Deputy Chairman and shall have the power to regulate itself under the provisions of the सदन Act .
The Governor - General in his discretion has the power to invite and prorogue the Legislature and dissolve the Lower House .
No Bill shall be enacted unless both Houses agree with it and assented to by the Governor - General or a Bill reserved for His Highness ' s will .
The assented to by the Governor - General could also be disallowed by His Majesty .
The Governor - General could summon a Bill to the Houses for reconsideration .
In the event of disagreement between the Houses the Governor - General could summon a joint sitting in which decisions could be settled by a majority : both the Houses were divided into almost equal powers ; the latter had some differences in the financial sphere .
Money Bills could be introduced only in the Lower House but the Upper House had the power to amend or reject them in the same way as the Lower House ; the Governor - General had the power to summon a joint meeting .
It has to be controlled to make it useful .
People need an institution a medium by which they can express and use their sovereign .
Under the scheme of our Constitution and the provision of adult franchise people exercise their sovereign power when voting for the Union Parliament .
The Parliament becomes the most institution through which the sovereign of the people finds expression .
In the beginning the समवेत used to meet themselves in the ancient Greek City States or in the urban states and in the Vedic times .
Thus people used their powers directly to decide the affairs of the state and such a polity could be termed direct democracy .
But with the gradual increase in the size and population of the politically and ultimately the establishment of the modern state made it impossible for the people to assemble at a place to discuss matters of the state and arrive at decisions smoothly.
That is why all direct democracy soon ended up all over the world except in some of Switzerland where people still hold decisions directly on various matters .
Modern democracy has become necessary to have a representative democracy where people exercise their sovereignty through their elected representatives .
The term संसदीय means a specially democratic polity where the highest power vests in the body of people ' s representatives called Parliament .
It is the pivot which is the foundation of the political system of the country .
The President of the Republic is directly elected by the Election Board in which the elected members of both the Houses of Parliament and the elected members of the legislatures of the states are elected .
Though the President of India is a part of Parliament he does not sit in either of the two Houses or participate in its discussions .
There are certain constitutional functions relating to Parliament which are required to perform and the President invites both Houses of Parliament from time to time .
It can prorogue the two Houses of Parliament and dissolve the Lok Sabha .
Moreover when both Houses of Parliament are not in session and the President is satisfied that such circumstances are necessary for them to pass an ordinance which could be passed by Parliament and the same power .
Moreover the President has the power to decide after obtaining the opinion of the Election Commission whether or not a member duly elected in Article 108 of the Constitution suffer from ग्रस्त .
His decision on this point is final .
Rajya Sabha : Rajya Sabha as its name suggests is a council of states or council of states .
Various States of the Union have not been given equal representation in the Rajya Sabha .
Thus while in the Rajya Sabha of Uttar Pradesh there are 34 members : small states like Manipur Mizoram , Sikkim त्रिपुरा Tripura etc .
The populations in some of the Union Territories such as Andaman and Nicobar Islands . Chandigarh दादर Dadra and Nagar Haveli नागर Daman and Diu and Lakshadweep are too small to be represented in the Rajya Sabha .
Under the Constitution Rajya Sabha can consist of not more than 250 members .
The Round Table Conference and the White Paper Government decided to convene a Round Table Conference in London in November 1930 to consider constitutional reforms .
Then there were two such conferences .
After three Round Table Conferences the British Government published a White Paper in March 1933 .
The scheme included provisions for federal structure and provincial autonomy .
It proposed the Central Government Ministries / Departments responsible in the provinces .
The British Parliament constituted a joint committee of the two Houses to discuss the Government ' s plans in the White Paper .
Lord लिनलिथगो was the Chairman of the Joint Committee and there was a majority of कंजर्वेटिव members .
Representatives of the British India and the princely states were invited to give evidence before this committee .
The Joint Committee reported in November 1934 .
Based on this report a Bill was prepared and presented to the British Parliament on December 19 1934 .
In addition if the Rajya Sabha declares at least two - thirds of the members who attend and vote that in national interest it is necessary or expedient that the Parliament is empowered to provide for an All - India Service under the Constitution .
The term संसद is rather loosely used and many different meanings are derived .
But he is required to work with the aid and consultation of the Council .
Thus the President is only the formal constitutional or nominal head .
The Government of India is made up of ministers and is the prime minister of the government .
Moreover there is a permanent administration consisting of civil services large numbers of administrators . technical staff and other administrative staff which really helps ministers in planning and implementation .
For the sake of clarification therefore the word executive can be used to refer to the political executive i . e . the Council of Ministers while the administration means permanent services or administrative arrangements .
The Federation List . which is the longest of the three lists : Defence वैदेशिक Foreign Affairs वैदेशिक Railways रेलवे Communication मुद्रा Banking etc . are important subjects .
Moreover the Constitution of the Union is recognised in the case of conflict between the Union and the state in respect of the same subject in the concurrent list - LRB - समवर्ती - RRB - in other words the former occupies the seat of the Union legislation .
In any matter of the concurrent sphere in favor of the law of the State there is an exception to the rule in favor of the law of the State in any matter prior to Parliament and in case of any legislation reserved in that case the President.
But there is no bar to Parliament in this provision that it cannot modify or revoke any legislation made by the State Legislature .
The executive power of each State is required to be exercised in such a way that compliance with the legislation made by Parliament is ensured .
Even in the fully protected areas of the States the Parliament has the power to legislate under certain circumstances .
Moreover when the Proclamation of Emergency in operation is in operation the power of Parliament to legislate is expanded so that it may interfere with any issue in the State List .
Though a power exercised by Parliament in national interest or during emergency is not restricted to the general legislative power of a State Legislature in a situation of conflict with the Parliament in force and until it is in operation .
When the two Houses passed it and on August 4 1935 the Emperor gave it his assent he became the Government of India Act 1935 1935 .
The most remarkable feature of the Government of India Act शासन 1935 was that it envisaged a All - India Federation of Indian States formed to join the British provinces and the Union .
Till the Round Table Conference in 1930 India was a completely unitary state and whatever powers the provinces possessed were given to them by the Centre .
The 1935 Act provided for the first time a federal system consisting of not only the provinces of the Governors of India but also the Chief Ministers and the princely states .
It eventually dissolved the concept of a unitary system under which the British had so far been administered .
The principle of the Constitution of 1919 was decentralisation rather than a Federation .
In normal circumstances थे had become free from central control in that area .
Under this Act Burma was divorced from India and two new provinces of Orissa and Sind were formed .
In view of the proposed scheme at the Centre the eleven provinces of the गवर्नरों Governors were completely से except for certain specific purposes ”.
In other words the , provinces were given a separate legal personality .
Moreover the Parliament has the power to produce or create a Legislative Council in a State by a simple procedure which is not required to amend the Constitution .
If the Legislative Assembly of a State passes a resolution to this effect by a special majority it could be done by the Parliament Act .
The last but important is that Parliament exercises some control over the states by the Governor .
As we know the President is a part of Parliament and at the same time it is the head of the executive of the Union .
The Governor of the states is appointed by him and he holds office during the pleasure of the President .
Moreover the Governor - General may make provisions for the exercise of the functions of the Governor of the State in such contingency as it thinks fit .
All these facts however do not mean that there are merely administrative agents of the Union in India .
No one in his own field is subject to one another .
In the words of the Constitution the states are as sovereign in their sphere as the Centre is vested in the Constitution .
The scheme of provincial autonomy envisaged by the Act provided for a executive and a legislature in every province .
The Council of Ministers was made responsible for the Legislature and could dismiss it by passing a no - confidence motion .
The Legislature could exercise some control over the administration through questions and supplementary questions .
But the legislature could not accept or reject nearly 80 per cent of the grant - in - aid .
In the legislative sphere the legislature could pass laws on subjects included in the Concurrent List though in case of conflict the federal law would have been effective .
The federal part of the constitutional scheme under the Government of India Act 1935 was most tedious .
The provinces did not accept the scheme of Federation and since the conditions of join the Federation of the half states could not be met because the Indian Union Act envisaged under the Act of 1935 could not come into existence .
Elections to the Provincial Legislatures under the Government of India Act 1935 were held in February 1937 .
The Congress once again won the elections .
On the whole the Congress found a non - Congress position among the general seats .
In the case of the नाथ the Supreme Court reversed its earlier decision by a majority of 6 - 5 and held that the basic powers involved are . - संसद and no constitutional sanction has been made except in the Constitution Art. 368 .
In 1973 in the case of गोलक भारती Bharati v. State of Kerala 21 Supreme Court reviewed the decision in the case of नाथ Nath .
Ten of the 13 judges held that Art. 368 itself contained the power to amend the Constitution and that law in articles 13 ( 2 ) did not mean constitutional amendment under Art. 368 .
Accordingly the law declared in Golak Nath ' s case was cancelled .
On the question whether the amending power is complete under article 368 and infinite ? Seven judges who had a majority decided that the power under शक्ति 368 is subject to an inherent limitation .
The above sections contain that the amending power of the Constitution under Article 368 ( 1 ) which is a constituent power : there are no limitations or implied boundaries of शक्ति and that no judicial amendment can be made on any basis .
However the application of the principles of infrastructure in the Minerva Mills ( or in the case of the Union was confirmed and the original Amendment ) clause was fully reviewed by the Supreme Court .
The present state of the principle of the basic element is that until the decision of the उच्चतम case is cancelled by another full bench of the Supreme Court the court finds that in any amendment of the Constitution may interfere with it .
The Muslim League was severely defeated in seats reserved for Muslims and in the Muslim majority Provinces .
In fact it could attain only 51 out of the Muslim pockets .
The Congress got a clear majority in the Madras रही the United Provinces of Bihar . Madhya Pradesh and Orissa and met almost half of the total seats in Bombay .
It emerged as the largest party in Assam and North West Frontier Province .
The पंजाब यूनियनिस्ट party found a marked majority in the Punjab .
In Bengal and Sind many small groups were formed .
The Government of India Act 1935 1935 has a very important and permanent place in constitutional history .
The Act sought to give a written constitution to the country .
Though the people of India or its representatives had no hand in building this document and there were many serious drawbacks it cannot be denied that it was a progressive step on the whole and in many respects .
Over the centuries the British had the opportunity to bear some responsibility in running the administration of their country .
Justice Ramaswamy said :
It is evident that so far there has been no consensus among the judges and no majority judgement is available laying down which elements in the Constitution may be regarded as the basic element .
Nothing has been done by the court to add more elements to the list of basic elements such as the various judges in various cases .
In Indira Gandhi ' s case Justice के says that the principle of infrastructure should be considered in relation to each case ; it should be considered not abstract but in the context of a concrete problem .
The privileges of the members of the Commission for their appointment in terms of service and tenure of office cannot be varied .
The Chief Election Commissioner can be removed from his office by procedure like a judge of the Supreme Court otherwise .
Other Election Commissioners cannot be removed from office without the recommendation of the Chief Election Commissioner .
The Central and State governments are required to provide as many officers and employees as are necessary for their duties and responsibilities and they are fully equipped to perform such officers and staff .
Similarly there is a District Interpretation Officer for the district which coordinates and supervises all work relating to जिले in his district under the direction of Chief Justice Officer .
3 Generally the District Collectors or Deputy Commissioners are designated as District Election Officer .
They appoint presiding and polling officers for the polling stations .
4 Voting centre is the duty of the polling officer to perform his duties of a non - official officer and explain 5 members to the Lok Sabha the general interpretation of the members is terminated or dissolved .
The petition can be preferred by law to fill such a place or during the period of अनर्हता or adopting a corrupt process .
If proved.
If in a petition the न्यायालय . claims that most of the votes of the accused were found and if the successful processes did not take up such corrupt practices they could not contest the candidate and if he had chosen .
During recent years widespread concern has been expressed in respect of the effects of money धन and शक्ति power in electoral procedures.
The tenth general elections of 1991 were reported to be particularly cruel and violent and all sorts of crime riots murders and murder .
Video and other media coverage of elections and booth capturing rigging bogus voting - धार्मिक misuse of religious and racial identities and many other corrupt practices have made demands .
Popular ministers were formed by elected representatives in the provinces .
First words like Prime Minister ( premier ) and Minister ( प्रीमियर ) were used and the priority of the prime minister was recognised .
There were occasions when differences between the Governors and Ministers took place in the provinces of the Congress but the Governors held in broad terms of the powers and responsibilities of Ministers and did not interfere with day - to - day administration .
The ministers also performed their duties with great ability professionalism impartiality and devotion .
Even the British administrators could not be surprised and influenced by the administrative ability and acumen displayed by the Indian ministers .
Towards Independence ( 1942 - 1947 ) The elected Cabinet remained in existence for two years .
In opposition all the Congress Ministries resigned in 1939 .
In 1940 the Muslim League passed a resolution of Pakistan .
Accordingly in March 1942 1942 the Cabinet Minister . Sir क्रिप्स Cripps was sent to India .
His proposals were ignored by all the political parties .
The sittings of the Houses are sent to members with an invitation for a session on which date will be allotted and asked for .
The sittings of the House ( i . e . g . i . e . when the Speaker does not give instructions otherwise the President usually begins at मध्याह्न p . m . and at मध्याह्न p . m . . . . P . . . . . . . . P . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . P . P . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . म .
13 . However there are many occasions when the House works at the time of midday meal and sits late .
The number and duration of the sittings of the Lok Sabha during the First to ninth Lok Sabha period is given at परिशिष्ट 1 .
The serial and agenda of business can be divided into two main heads - i - government functions and non - governmental functions .
14 governmental functions can be divided into two categories : i . e . a work initiated by the government ( b ) which is initiated by non - official members but taken up in government affairs .
Instructions made by the Speaker on daily business in line with the priorities prescribed by them in the order of the priorities specified in the order - i - वैयक्तिक ii leave for submission of oath / affirmation from the Speaker of the Speaker etc.
The statements made by a Minister or other members in the statements made by him and personal statements by the members and also some other functions in this category such as questions beg for urgent matters of urgent public importance .
When automatic vote recorder is out of place or division numbers . the method of distribution slips is used .
Members are supplied with printed slips at their seats for vote on their seats .
The slip is printed on green both in English and Hindi on the one hand and on the other in red on the other .
Members are expected to record their votes by signing at appropriate locations and by writing their names विभाजन division numbers and dates legibly .
Members who do not wish to use the vote fill in a मतदान slip printed in yellow both in English and Hindi .
If a member has not been allotted a seat / division number he will write his name under his signature क्षेत्र constituency , states and date clearly .
The officer posted at the Table छानबीन the slips of the party and the votes recorded and छानबीन the result .
The result so compiled is announced by the Chair .
The Presiding Officer has no right to vote for the first time but if the number of votes is equal he may vote which is decisive.
Statutory protection has been provided to the publication in newspapers or broadcast by wireless telegraphy of substantially true reports of any proceedings of either House of Parliament provided the reports are for public interest and are not actuated by malice .
Normally no restrictions are imposed on reporting the proceedings of the House .
The Parliament is entitled to take action for any malicious writing speech etc. casting reflection or aspersion on its functioning or on the functioning of its members or its committees .
But if the criticism is fair and sincere no action is taken .
Facilities provided to the Press in Parliament include facilities such as the press gallery the संसद press rooms the supply of parliamentary papers and press releases संसद and access to the Central Hall the library and reference services .
Broadcasting of proceedings : With a view to bringing closer to the people of Parliament a beginning was made in 1989 by direct transmission of President ' s Address to the Members of both the Houses .
The Question Hour in both Houses since December 1991 1991 has been telecast on the following day after necessary editing .
The broadcasting of Question Hour on All India Radio was launched in 1992 .
Important opportunities such as the presentation of the Railway Budget and the General Budget since 1992 have also been telecast on Doordarshan and the whole action for the purposes of the museum and for future use has been imposed directly on both the Houses of Parliament .
The Bills moved in the Rajya Sabha which have not been passed by the Lok Sabha but are still pending in the Rajya Sabha and the Bill in spite of disagreement between the two Houses and after dissolution has been notified by the President.
18 Bills passed by both the Houses and sent to the President for his assent do not lapse on dissolution of the Lok Sabha.
Bills returned by the President for reconsideration do not lapse and may be reconsider by the new House .
The proposals held that India would be Dominion Status and after the war Indians were entitled to make a Constitution for themselves in their Constituent Assembly .
But within them the provinces were allowed to accept or refuse a new Constitution .
On the other hand the Congress rejected them because they had opened a door to the possibilities of dividing India into small pieces and there was no provision for really effective power .
In July 1942 the Congress Working Committee passed a resolution at Wardha which demanded that the British would leave India .
It was accepted by the All - India Congress Committee in Bombay on 8 August 1942 .
In his speech before the committee Gandhiji declared that it was a decision of करो or मरो .
The Congress leaders were arrested and a country - wide agitation took place .
Meanwhile Lord Wavell replaced Lord Linlithgow as Viceroy.
It was stated in the Ninth Plan that until the Indian own constitution was formed the executive would be भारतीयकरण into an interim arrangement and would involve Indian politicians on the basis of equality between the , Muslims and the caste Hindus .
The War Department was to remain with the Commander - in - Chief but an Indian member in charge of the Department of External Affairs was to be made .
Such a quality may be natural and cultivated but it is certainly a very effective tool in a wise and capable Speaker .
While considering or not प्रस्तावों the various proposals to be received the Speaker has always been able to take up his original duties in such a way as to make matters important to the House at different times .
When the Speaker is in doubt he usually gives an opportunity to the House to express his views .
He does not take his duties or his powers in such a way as he is separate from the House or his power from the authority of the House is greater than or could he dismiss the decisions of the House .
It is a part of the House and enjoys powers from the House for the better functioning of the House .
He is ultimately a servant of the House and not his master .
Before a Bill is presented to it for the assent of the President it is certified by its signature that the Bill has been passed by the House .
It may after a Bill has been passed by the House settle it in clear errors and make such other changes as may result in consequential amendments by the House .
The documents दस्तावेज petitions and messages sent to the House receive the same and all orders of the House are executed by him .
But he had already occupied this position in the Constituent Assembly ( Legislative ) and was Speaker of the Provisional Parliament on the commencement of the Constitution .
The heirs who were known as Speaker - LRB - व्यक्ति - RRB - or at the post of President - LRB - प्रेजीडेंट - RRB - were left to be known by 1947 - RRB - are his names and व्यक्ति :
The Vice - Chairman is the Chairman of the Budget Committee which अनुमादन before he is sent to the Ministry of Finance to include the Budget proposals of the Secretariat .
Moreover unlike the Speaker the Deputy Speaker has no responsibility whatsoever in regard to the Deputy Speaker in respect of his officers and staff .
Thus the Deputy Speaker is a Presiding Deputy Presiding Officer but not a junior officer of the Speaker either of the Secretariat or of the House as the administrative head .
Most of the time in the sitting of the House is presided over by the Deputy Speaker while the Speaker is busy in other parliamentary matters .
Generally speaking the Speaker is the Chair during the Question Hour particularly during the Question Hour and immediate after the Question प्रश्नकाल
He may visit the House at a time when he finds that a matter of special importance is being discussed or a special situation necessitating his presence in the House .
The Speaker ' s rulings are final in respect of matters pending but the Speaker may provide general guidance to the fulfilment of a future in similar circumstances .
The Simla Conference : the Viceroy convened a conference of Indian leaders at Simla .
The conference lasted from 25 June to 14 July 1945 .
Elections and Cabinet Mission : Elections to the Central Legislative Assembly in India were to be held long ago ; finally held in the last quarter of 1945 .
Elections to the provincial legislatures were completed by April 1946 .
The result showed that the Congress had received absolute majority in eight provinces ( Assam ) Bihar ( Assam ) Bombay Presidency Madras पश्चिम North West Frontier Province , Orissa and the United Provinces .
In the remaining three provinces the Congress was the second largest party .
But where the record of Congress successes in the general constituencies was very effective and in fact the party was improved rather than the results of 1937 .
Occasionally the Deputy Speaker may reserve a matter for the ruling Speaker or may consult him before giving his decision .
The Deputy Speaker has a right to speak in the House to take part in its deliberations and to vote before the House on a motion in the form of a member but he can do so only when the Chair is not .
In a joint - sitting of the two Houses if the Speaker is absent the Deputy Speaker presides over such a meeting and exercises the powers of the Speaker as he does during the deliberations of the House .
The Deputy Speaker may take part in the politics of his party but in practice he keeps aloof from controversial matters to maintain his impartiality in the House .
According to the conventions and traditions that have grown in the office of the Deputy Speaker if he is nominated or appointed a member of a Parliamentary Committee he is appointed as the Chairman .
Generally a member of the opposition is chosen for the post of the Deputy Speaker .
The Deputy Speaker ' s office which was known as Deputy President by 1947 had its origin with the Central Legislature .
The names of the persons who are at the office of the Deputy Speaker are as follows :
before independence
1921 Sinha ( 3 February 1921 )
Sir सर 1921 ( 21 September 1921 )
Dewan Bahadur T. . ( 4 February 1924 )
Sir Muhammad याकूब ( 30 January 1927 )
जनवरी ) ( 19 January 1931 1931 )
Abdul मातिन Choudhury ( 21 March 1934 )
फरवरी Chandra Dutt ( 5 February 1936 )
Sir Mohammad खां Khan ( 5 February 1946 )
मई Ayyangar ( 30 May 1952 1952 - 8 May 1956 .
David Jones and Paul . are trying to collect these वनों from all over the world .
historical collection
Being the largest collection of tropical termites all over the world the museum is a suitable institution for research .
हैं are very busy animals .
The process of digging the soil and the mud heaps of soil and their role in restoring nutrients from dead plants is important .
Paul ' s Soil भूमि is collecting soil samples from the मिट्टी दीमक to count the remaining termite species .
How do scientists use our historic collection as reference ?
They are using this museum as a reference .
It has over 80 per cent of the world ' s known termite species .
However the Chairman can reserve any important matter for the Speaker ' s decision .
It is a contempt of the House to denigrate his conduct while he is in the Chair . He must be given full respect .
The Chairman is free to participate fully in all discussions of the House and participate actively in all matters facing the House including controversial issues .
He attends the meetings of his party and is usually an active member of his party .
The Speaker always chooses the members of the Panel of Chairmen from both the parties as well as the opposition .
It is elected by the Speaker but before selection he can consult the leaders of the political parties in the House .
The Secretary - General is the third important officer of the House.
He is the Chairman ' s Deputy Speaker in all parliamentary functions and activities and in all matters relating to procedure and practice .
As a permanent official who is the head of the House Table and continues to work as a link between the changing various Houses and अध्यक्षों General Secretary is the custodian of parliamentary conventions and traditions and has the wisdom of himself .
The Secretary - General discharges several legislative functions administrative and executive functions and provides services and facilities to the members .
He is the highest incharge of the Watch and Ward Organisation and the security in the precincts of the Parliament property .
The Parliament Library also works under the aegis of its Library Research संसद Reference Documentation and Information Services .
He is responsible for the maintenance and upkeep of the buildings and buildings of Parliament and other properties .
As the supreme official of the parliamentary Museum and Archives he is the custodian of the heritage of Parliament and the keeper of all parliamentary records .
He is the head of the legislative services and the Secretariat of the House and is responsible for its administration to maintain discipline and to ensure that the secretarial work of the House and its Committees is conducted properly and efficiently .
It provides secretarial assistance and staff to all the Parliamentary Committees and is available to them for advice.
Its role is that of a friend philosopher thinker and guide for members and committees .
Members of various political parties approach him for advice .
To a large extent it has to play the same role as impartiality .
He should be fully conscious and should be a man of quick action .
The person who occupies the office of the Secretary - General is required to be a brilliant person and to be competent in the manifold functions of the Parliament is so much more technical and more complex in all grades .
Work is organised in such a way that each unit acts on a particular subject or aspect of parliamentary life and carries with it brilliant staff who are technically competent and who discharge their duties efficiently.
It is the duty of the Secretary - General to see that adequate staff should be trained to fill up the gaps which have remained vacant from time to time and a high level of parliamentary work .
It is therefore vitally dependent on the personality and approach of the person holding the office of the Secretary - General .
His approach and perspective are always totally non - partisan and objective .
He is elected from among the officers who have done commendable job in serving the Parliament in performing various posts in the Secretariat of the House .
The Speaker has the authority to choose and appoint him .
Once appointed he will continue to occupy his office until he attains the prescribed age of निवृत्ति which is 60 years old .
It cannot be criticised in the House and it cannot be discussed in its affairs outside the House or outside .
It is solely responsible for the Speaker to provide security and freedom of service and to provide adequate safeguards in this respect that he performs his duties in a most unbiased manner .
The Lok Sabha Secretariat is altogether separate and under the control of the Speaker to give independent advice and its directions can be implemented without any outside interference or internal pressure .
The Secretary - General applies to the members and the members of the House to whom they receive the records and the documents sent by the members on behalf of the President .
As a Parliamentary Studies and Training Centre he conducts training for senior officers of the Government of India in foreign countries for training and training of newly - owned officers of the new Parliament and State Legislatures.
He accompanies parliamentary delegations abroad and attends to many other functions of Parliament .
When the Commonwealth Speakers meet in the country the Secretary - General of the Lok Sabha is the ex officio Secretary - General of that conference .
Similarly questions which are of public importance and are likely to be asked for supplementary questions are put to oral answers as starred questions .
But it is the discretion of the Speaker to place a question as he thinks fit for oral reply or a written reply.
8 The time of the House and other business to be done by it provides that no member of the Lok Sabha can ask more than five questions in a day of the starred and अतारांकित category .
In addition in one day the three starred question in the Rajya Sabha and more than one starred question in the Lok Sabha can be admitted .
There are as many as 230 questions in the सभा list of one day in the Lok Sabha .
There are no such limits in the Rajya Sabha but generally less than 200 questions in the राज्य question list of one day .
To answer questions the ministries and departments of the Government of India have been divided into five groups viz. A . B . C D and E . groups respectively on Tuesday बुधवार Wednesday Thursday and Friday .
The groups are so formed that each minister has a day fixed in the week to answer questions and any other day in the week to answer questions .
At least five days before the stipulated date for asking questions are sent to the Ministries to provide adequate time to prepare their answer .
How are the questions asked for a member being admitted as a starred question for a day by the Speaker or the Chairman as the case may be for asking questions
The member stands at his place and asks his question to read only the number of questions from the list and not to read the text of the question .
After 11 the minister replies to the question .
During the Question Hour no debate is permissible on a question or on a given answer .
However leave can be granted for supplementary questions or follow - up questions for the purpose of elucidation on a given answer .
12 . A member in whose name the question stands can ask two supplementary questions .
The other members who are permitted to ask a supplementary question usually the Speaker calls upon a member of the ruling party and the opposition member to ask another question .
In view of the importance of the question the Speaker ensures the skill of this unique parliamentary device by allowing supplementary questions to be provided and asking for supplementary questions in reasonable numbers.
Notice for oral answers to a question of urgent public importance may be given within a period of less than ten days .
13 A member who gives information on such a question may briefly explain the cause of asking questions on short notice .
If the minister agrees to answer a short notice question the date indicated by him is determined .
If the minister refused to answer a question on short notice and the Speaker may be of the opinion that the question is so important that the oral answer should be delivered in the House on a short notice may be ten .
Only one such question can be placed in the list of a day .
Finally at the end of the Question Hour ask questions which if any are held up and disposed of by the same way as the question for the oral answer is disposed of .
The terms are the same as ordinary questions for oral answers .
However a matter of urgent public importance may be settled by the Speaker if he is agreed upon by stopping the regular business to be brought before the House by an adjournment motion which may have a very serious purpose and some urgent public notice .
( a ) The matter is of fixed nature .
( b ) It has a factual basis ;
Thus the political situation in the country - LRB - राजनीतिक - RRB - राजनीतिक unemployment accidents and air accidents - LRB - विमान - RRB - closure of mills - RRB - are not the proper subject to a general international situation .
Similarly shortage of transport vehicles परिवहन cases of kidnapping dacoity , explosions communal tensions have also not been considered appropriate for such a proposal .
The question of any privileges raised by this Resolution - LRB - i - RRB - under a specific motion - LRB - i - RRB - should not raise a matter which has already been discussed at the same session .
The subject matter of such a proposal should be directly or indirectly related to the conduct or error of the Government of India .
But if any matter relating to constitutional developments in the State or atrocities on Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes or the weaker sections of the society it can be considered for admission on merit.
While making these suggestions the Cabinet Mission made it clear that its object was not to lay down the details of a Constitution but to make the system active by Indians to determine the Constitution .
The Interim Government was announced on August 24 1946 .
It included Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru . Sardar Patel . .
Rajendra Prasad . Asaf Ali शरतचन्द्र Sarat Chandra Bose . da , .
John . Sir अहमद Ahmed Khan Jagjivan Ram . Jagjivan Ram . Sardar Baldev Singh . Syed Ali राजगोपालाचारी C . Rajagopalachari and Dr .
In law they were all members of the Viceroy ' s Executive and the Speaker of the Viceroy .
He and his eleven colleagues took the oath of office on 2nd September 1946 .
The door was kept open to join the Muslim League later .
It is to be noted that when a discussion on such a motion has begun the power to adjourn the House until it has been revived since then the power remained in the House .
On the other hand if the proposal is accepted it is considered a censure against the government .
Although it does not अपदस्थ the Government it shows that a government which has failed to stop an adverse vote on an adjournment motion will not be able to escape the result of a vote in the Council .
Since the adoption of an adjournment motion involves an element of censure against the government the Rajya Sabha does not use the procedure .
It is seen that the adjournment motion is rarely used .
For example the adjournment proposals received during the Seventh Lok Sabha periods were brought before the House only 149 of the notices received and finally only 24 of them were admitted and no proposals were accepted .
In the eighth Lok Sabha there were forty - eight notices on four subjects and 375 notices in the ninth Lok Sabha and nine were discussed .
Calling Attention Notices was provided in the first year 1954.
Prior to this the need for a precise procedure for raising an important and urgent issue was felt .
The adjournment motion which is a censure motion against the government was limited in the existing constitutional framework .
11 The purpose of the discussion is to inform the House of the members who have some facts about the subject and make things clear to the benefit of the House and the nation .
Any audience sitting in public meetings under Rule 377 would have seen how our elected representatives would try to raise matters which have nothing to do with the interpretation of rules and regulations which they feel at the time and feel anxious about them.
Occasionally at the end of the Question Hour the सदन called by the Press - LRB - a number of members - RRB - stand up to raise such matters and create an atmosphere of noise and disorder in the House .
The Presiding Officers of the Houses of the Houses were convinced that there was a need to stop this practice and they wanted to take up some matter which they would not propose to take an adjournment motion .
The practice of raising matters under Rule 377 in the Rajya Sabha and Rule 377 in the Lok Sabha started with this point .
Rule 377 for the first time was exercised on 14th May 1966 a matter of ill - treatment meted out to a member by the police .
It was a matter which could not be raised under any other rule .
By the end of October the Viceroy managed to bring the League to the Government somehow or other .
The Government was reconstituted on 26 October .
Thus the League became a partner in the Government .
Mountbatten Yojana : In March 1947 1947 Lord Louis was sent as a new Viceroy to provide an uninterrupted transfer of power .
He reached India on 22 March 1971 .
He soon came to the conclusion that for the Congress and the Muslim League neither in the Interim Government nor in the Constituent Assembly working together and therefore the only way to avoid communal violence .
It was already becoming clear that the partition of the country could not be avoided and that was the only alternative to avoid chaos.
Mountbatten prepared a plan of partition and after discussions with leaders of anti - British parties in Britain a fresh policy statement was issued on 3rd June 1947 in which Mountbatten was clearly explained .
Of the members who have expressed the desire to move a resolution the names of three members in the Lok Sabha and the names of five members in the Rajya Sabha are determined and these are permitted to notice a resolution .
29 . Those resolutions are put in the task list of non - official members if admitted .
When called by the Chair the concerned member presents a resolution and addresses it .
After 30 other members and related ministers can also speak .
The time for a discussion on the resolutions of the non - official members determines the Bills and resolutions of the non - official members .
Generally two hours are allotted to these resolutions .
After the minister ' s speech it has the right to answer the resolution .
( b ) Government Resolutions moved by ministers are known as government resolutions .
The minister has to give notice to the Secretary - General for his intention to move a resolution .
It is in the discretion of the government to lay the date and time out for the discussion .
In order to maintain law and order and protect the foreign invasion of the state from implementing plans for social and economic upliftment of the people governments perform varied functions today .
In addition several social services such as housing education health and employment for the people are provided by the Government .
Needless to say governments need money to perform these functions .
Where did these money come from?
Who sanctions money ?
The necessary funds are mobilised from the country ' s resources by way of taxes , loans etc to meet the expenditure .
No discussion is permitted on the issue of any theory or policy in the main budget .
As far as these demands are concerned the question of their underlying policy is to be limited to items of expenditure which are being accepted in the House .
During discussions on supplementary grants general complaints cannot be disclosed .
Only members can say whether a supplementary demand is necessary .
During discussions on demands for additional grants members may say how money has been spent है or should not be spent .
The discussion at this stage is limited and there is no scope for general discussion or complaint .
Though very few bills of non - government members take the form of law they have a good purpose because they are brought to the notice of the government and the people that need or make any changes in the existing law .
They can be classified according to the theme of the Bills as follows :
Original Bills containing provisions for new proposals ideas and policies ;
Bills which are meant to carry out the Acts meant to be enacted by the President for the purpose of issuing writs .
In such a situation it is not necessary to have the permission of the House to pass .
In other words a Bill is not passed by the stage of presentation .
( ii ) The second reading of the Bill is the most elaborate and significant one being examined at this stage .
The second reading or thinking has two stages which can be called the first stage and the second .
In the first stage there is a general discussion on the whole Bill - LRB - i. e. the whole - RRB - on the principle and not on its details .
At this stage the House may at any rate specify a Select Committee of the House or a Joint Committee of the two Houses or operate upon it to elicit opinion or to think directly .
To specify a committee a Bill may be referred to a Select Committee or a Joint Committee .
The members of the Select Committee are drawn from among the members of the House to which the Bill has been introduced .
In the case of a Joint Committee members of both the Houses are represented ; in such a case the ratio between members of the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha shall be 2 .
The Chairman of the joint committee is appointed by the Presiding Officer of the House in which a Bill has been introduced .
The Bill then passes through the Committee stage and the Bill is presented in the House as a विधेयक report .
After the report of a Select or Joint Committee on the Bill is presented to the House the Minister may make a motion on the three - LRB - i - RRB - to be referred to the Bill in the form of reference to the Bill (
Then the debates are confined to a Bill as reported by the Committee and cannot be discussed again on the principles of the Bill because when a motion for reference to the Bill is passed the House is pledged to the Bill .
The second stage is followed by a clause - hit consideration on the Bill or on the Bill as reported by the Select / Joint Committee .
Each clause is placed separately before the House for discussion .
Revision may be made subject to the conditions of admissibility immediately after the clause is placed before the House .
Block - wise views are often long and difficult as each clause is ordinarily discussed separately and discussed on each amendment ( except for such amendments as the सदन for which the mover back is back - to the House .
Amendments which are accepted become part of the Bill .
In other cases the stages of a Bill are the same as in the case of government Bills .
Thanks to the complexities of modern civilisation and rapid industrialisation the State has become necessary for giving up the concept of laissez - faire to social welfare .
As a result the State has become more and more a tool for social and economic change .
The failure of the Simon Commission and the Round Table Conference which led to the establishment of the शासन Government of India Act 1935 1935 which laid emphasis on the demand of the Constituent Assembly for India .
The Congress adopted a resolution at its Lucknow session in April 1936 1936 .
The demand was consistently reiterated at the All - India National Conference of Congress Legislators held in Delhi in March 1937.
During August - October 1937 the same resolution was passed by the provincial legislatures of each province in the Union Assembly and the Congress .
After the War II in 1939 the demand for the Constituent Assembly was repeated in a long statement issued by the Congress Working Committee on 14th September 1939 .
He declared that the only way to settle the just solution of communal and other problems was the Constituent Assembly .
In August 1940 the British Government accepted the demand for the Constituent Assembly for the first time even though the acceptance was with indirect and significant terms .
According to these proposals the task of building a new Constitution was no longer entirely from Indian hands and the British Government made it clear that it would accept the constitution framed by the proposed Constitution - making body .
After the failure of the Cripps Mission no steps were taken to address the constitutional issue of India until the end of the war in Europe .
As in the case of joint Committees the लोक Public Accounts Committees . Public Accounts Committees and the Committee on Welfare of Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes and Members of the Committee on Public जातियों and Public आश्वासनों are from both Houses .
They are represented in Parliamentary Committees as far as possible in proportion to the number of parties and groups in the House or the House .
Usually committees are reconstituted every year on the basis of names of members suggested by leaders of parties and by Presiding Officers .
The Parliamentary Committee holds office for a period not exceeding one year or for a period specified by the Speaker or until a new Committee is मनोनीत
The Business Advisory Committee . Petitions Committee on Privileges and the Rules Committee continue functioning till re - constituted whereas other Standing Committees hold office for a period not exceeding one year .
If no ad - hoc committee has been prescribed by the Speaker / Chairman it continues to hold office until the business is completed and reports have been received .
The Rules of Procedure are met by Committees in Parliament House or Parliament House Annexe but in particular cases meetings may be held outside with permission from the Chairman / Chairman .
The Committee has the power to take oral or written evidence .
The person may summon the person for the evidence call the document and the record but if a question arises that a person or evidence or any document is referred to or is not the final question referred to the purposes of the Committee .
The Committee can also appoint a Chief Committee to examine specified cases .
A उपसमिति report is submitted to the main committee .
There is no public hearing .
The proceedings in Committees are largely conducted in the same way as in the House but the Committees have more informal environments and on non - partisan basis .
During the consideration of the Committee a member can speak more than once on a question under consideration .
All questions are decided by a majority of members present and voting.
In case of an equal vote on a case the Chairman has another or casting vote .
After that the proceedings of the Committee shall be dealt with on the basis of recommendations laid down by the Committee on the basis of recommendations containing both the abstract and the recommendations of the Committee .
They can make internal rules of the process themselves which require approval by the Speaker .
These societies generally do not go into questions of policy as creating policies is a matter of complete Parliament ' s jurisdiction and are not supposed to have a decision on any policy already approved by Parliament .
Due to lack of interference in day - to - day administration the Committees examine only those acts which have already been done or not done which otherwise may otherwise be done.
But no minister or officer can expect them because of their constitution and authority .
Estimates committee : This Committee consists of 30 members from Lok Sabha .
Unlike the Public Accounts Committee and the Committee on Public Undertakings the members of the Rajya Sabha are not co - opted .
This committee functions as a Standing Economy Committee and its criticisms and suggestions act as a barrier to government expenditure .
Thus the Constituent Assembly became a fully sovereign body with the representatives of all the States and provinces in India and dominance of any outside power .
The Constituent Assembly could reject or modify any law enacted by the British Parliament in India even by the Indian Independence Act .
The constituent assembly was duly inaugurated on the fixed day Monday . 9 December 1946 at eleven .
After a few days of session of the Constituent Assembly Nehru submitted a historic resolution on December 13 1946 .
In the draft resolution prepared in beautiful words the future sovereignty of India was outlined .
Thus the Resolution gave to the Constituent Assembly its guiding principles and philosophy on the basis of which it had to function as a Constitution .
Finally on 22 January . the Constituent Assembly accepted the proposal .
The constituent assembly appointed several committees to deal with various aspects of the problem of framing the Constitution .
These included committees belonging to the Union Constitution Committee on Fundamental Rights and minorities .
With this there is a large collection of rare books का art books etc .
The printed book from all is published .
From time to time and on specific occasions the Parliament Library organises Book Exhibitions on themes of interest .
The Reference and Documentation Division is fully equipped to provide references to Members of Parliament with other matters .
The Research and Information Division has already estimated the information requirements of Members of Parliament and issues relevant to objective information materials at appropriate times such as संसद . . . . . . . . . . . etc .
The Press and Public Relations Wing looks after all the work relating to the Press and public relations of the Lok Sabha Secretariat including the Press . primarily to maintain constant liaison with the press publicity organisations and the media media .
It also deals with all matters relating to the Press Gallery of the Lok Sabha including issue of press releases on various parliamentary events and activities .
The Parliament Library Information System . is designed to meet the immediate reference requirements of Members of Parliament Officers . Committees संसद R & D and other employees .
The material available for the information stored in computers and for immediate retrieval implies a question in both the Houses of Parliament a reference reference to a dispute between the members of the Parliament a socio - economic background of the House of India .
The system also provides the basis for certain parliamentary activities included in the PARLIS database on request for State Legislatures.
Some state Legislatures have already made arrangements to access some of the basic materials of the Parliament Library Information System .
The Parliamentary Library Information System is linked to the National Informatics Centre Network and the system can provide exchange of dialogue with district information centres throughout the country .
The main function of the Documentation Service is to collect and store / store reports and documents on a proper place in the library and make use of the members of Parliament on a daily basis for collection of contents and indexing .
Documentation cards are also prepared for all major subjects and are stored in card catalogue halls and are also accessible in the PARLIS database .
The Documentation section also brings out a fortnightly periodical निकालता .
These press कतरनें are kept in a chronological sequence in separate folders and can be read or assisted by members in the library .
Therefore in the functioning of a democratic set - up policy makers like those working at different levels policy - makers administrators and similar functionaries need both training in the tenets of parliamentary institutions and tools .
Moreover it is essential that their attitudes should be oriented to the needs and responsibilities of parliamentary democracy and its environment .
It is also the duty of the Parliament to ensure that necessary studies are carried out and necessary monitoring and training are also undertaken .
The Parliamentary Study and Training Centre was established in 1976 as a Division of the Lok Sabha Secretariat with a view to meeting the need for institutional studies and the problems arising out of various subjects of parliamentary institutions in a systematic manner and procedures .
The officers of the Centre are: i . e . g . discussions seminars and monitoring programme for Members of Parliament and Members of State Legislatures training of the IAS and परिवीक्षाधीन officers of the Government of India Senior and medium scale officers .
When a parliamentary official is specifically asked to give advice on any matter relating to parliamentary work he should provide factual information and not give his opinion on it .
The parliamentary officials have no concern about what the member ' s ideology or what he belongs to .
Whatever the Members ' s party qualifications are certain and the status in life is something honourable to every member of the parliamentary official with respect and patience .
As a servant of the House a parliamentary official must treat all members alike .
Remembering always that all members are entitled to equal and impartial assistance from him ; he has to render help to every member who asks him in respect of his parliamentary duties .
In order to perform his duties the officer must have special knowledge in his field .
प्रकार and कार्यचालन are the main elements of the working of parliamentary officials .
In short some guidelines are as follows :
A special committee was constituted to consider all these with the recommendations of the Drafting Committee .
The recommendations made by the Special Committee were विचार by the Drafting Committee once again and certain amendments were sorted out .
It was moved on 26 October 1948 to the President of the Constituent Assembly .
On 4 November 1948 while presenting the Draft Constitution in the Constituent Assembly for consideration .
Ambedkar condemned some of the common criticisms of the Draft particularly the criticism that it contained little material that could claim to be original .
He said : I would like to ask if a new constitution formed at that time in the history of the world could be said .
hundreds of years passed when the first written constitution was drafted .
Many countries followed it and converted their Constitution into writing .
What should be the question of the Constitution ? the solution has been long before .
Similarly what the fundamental principles of the Constitution are : it makes the world familiar .
When the days arrived the Houses after scenes from the fishing market and without any action have been suspended one has to consider that these institutions are not going to be complacent about their huge expenditure on their treasury .
It has also been found that many of our elected representatives do not follow the basic norms of code of conduct with the people in their personal behaviour and behaviour .
What could be more a matter of regret and anxiety than mere loss of appreciation of delegates in a democracy ?
These Conferences are held in New Delhi ( in Parliament House or Parliament House Annexe ) under the Chairmanship of the Chairman of the respective Parliamentary Committee usually once in the lifetime of the House .
Parliamentary and State Legislatures ( visits of legislatures - RRB - State Legislatures often visit New Delhi and the capital of different States and get their counterpart in the State legislatures to exchange ideas on matters of common interest .
The visiting Committees also witness proceedings of Legislature Committees when they take evidence .
Parliamentary Committees also meet their counterparts in States during their tours of the states to study their subjects on an occasion .
Seminars and symposia are held in New Delhi on subjects of contemporary importance under the auspices of the Indian Parliamentary Group and of Parliamentary Studies and Training Centre in New Delhi where members of Parliament and State Legislatures participate.
A seminar is held on the last day of the annual conference of Presiding Officers on a subject of topical interest for the past few years .
On such requests an autonomous body called the 'Indian Parliamentary Group was established .
Members of Parliament may become members of that body .
Former members of Parliament may become associate members .
The Speaker . Lok Sabha is the ex officio President and the Deputy Speaker Deputy Speaker Lok Sabha and Deputy Chairman Rajya Sabha are the ex officio President .
The Secretary - General Lok Sabha is the ex officio Secretary of the Indian Parliamentary Group .
The Group functions as the National Group of the Inter - Parliamentary Union and as the India Branch of the Commonwealth Parliamentary Union .
The Constituent Assembly undertook the task of framing a Constitution within a period of three years .
But with the approval of the Constitution the journey did not end .
Chairman of the Drafting Committee Dr .
Ambedkar and President सभा Dr .
Rajendra Prasad addressed 25 and 26 November 1949 and spoke of warning and caution words .
Dr .
Rajendra Prasad in his concluding speech observed that the Constituent Assembly was able to make a good Constitution by all and he is confident that it would meet the country ' s needs well .
On 24 January 1950 the Constitution was finally signed by members of the Constituent Assembly on 24th January 1950 .
Some of our Constitution - makers were men of extraordinary intellect . great men of intellect patriots and patriots .
Even if the Constituent Assembly was elected by the people on the basis of adult franchise it is difficult to imagine better or more representative consequences .
The inter - disciplinary relationship can be a significant role in reducing international tensions and बीच between nations as people ' s representatives because they can build public opinion and create self - help in people and countries .
The Parliament of India exchanges delegations goodwill missions etc with foreign Parliaments and regularly participates under the Conferences organised by the Indian Parliamentary Group under the auspices of the Inter - Parliamentary Union and the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association .
The Parliamentary Union is a Union of Parliamentary Groups formed in National Parliaments to promote personal contacts among members of all Parliaments and to unite them for joint action to take part in the task of setting up parliamentary institutions and helping their development .
The union meets twice a year and member countries are host .
The Commonwealth Parliamentary Association is the association of Commonwealth Parliamentarians with the object to promote understanding and cooperation among themselves and to promote the study and respect of parliamentary institutions .
The Association meets in Conference annually and assists in holding Seminars on Parliamentary Practice and Procedure at regional levels .
Since India has been a member of the Inter - Parliamentary Union and the Commonwealth since then there has been considerable interest in the functioning of these institutions .
India hosted the राष्ट्रमंडल Inter - Parliamentary Union Conference in 1969 ; the Commonwealth Parliamentary Conferences in 1957 and 1975 and the Conference of Commonwealth Speakers and Presiding Officers in 1969 and 1986 .
In addition a number of international regional seminars have been organised in India from time to time .
Once again in September 1991 the Commonwealth Parliamentary Conference and in 1993 the Inter - Parliamentary Conference were hosted by these Conference in New Delhi .
The centre and focal point of this building is a large building of the Central Hall ह्यसेंट्रल
The Constituent Assembly of India met in this Hall .
In 1947 a historic transfer of power from British to Indian hands was also made in this room .
The Hall is now used for a meeting of the two Houses and for the President and the distinguished Vice - President or the Heads of State .
The Hall is adorned with portraits of national leaders .
Surrounding these three Chambers is a four - storeyed circular structure providing accommodation for ministers Chairmen of Parliamentary Committees पार्टी Party Offices , Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha Secretariats important offices and offices of parliamentary business .
On the first floor four committee rooms are used for meetings of parliamentary committees .
Three other rooms on the same floor are used by correspondents who come to the Press Galleries of the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha .
A large number of books are kept in buildings outside the Parliament House .
For the convenience of the members of Parliament two main refreshment rooms on the first floor and a few small tea गृहों near the passages leading from the Central Hall to the Houses have been provided with a plethora of milk products .
Other amenities include railway booking offices का of State Bank of India ' s Office हवाई Post Offices हवाई air booking and grievance redressal centre .
The walls of the Parliament building contain a number of great उत्कीर्ण which are source of inspiration for deliberations in the Houses .
When we enter the Parliament House a Sanskrit quotation from the Upanishads reminds us of the sovereignty of the nation which is the visible symbol.
Above the door of the Central Hall we find a stanza in Sanskrit from the पराया which means that it is mine and is alien to a narrow office in 1975 though the family stands अवस्थित .
A spacious lounge has been arranged around the जलाश्य .
Telephone exchange टेलीकॉम telecom bureau हैं post offices etc . are at this stage .
From the second to the fifth floor the Secretariats of the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha are located besides the contact offices of the New Delhi Municipal and Estate Directorate .
Parliamentary study and training centres and staff library are located on the floor of the कर्मचारी .
अंतर्राष्ट्रीय is considered to be a highly efficient sector suited for national and international conferences .
The five committee rooms of the five are provided with संसद as well as संसद in the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha .
The water - tank is the most important of the area .
The multi - pillared auditorium the branch of the State Bank of India . a large भूमि hall a private dining room , and refreshment rooms including a milk bar are at the ground floor .
The same telephone is used for inter - service purposes and for external periods .
Arrangements for tours of visitors are available for viewing buildings in Parliament during periods of intervals between tourists students and अ्य .
The visitors are accompanied by a staff member who guides them and briefs them .
Special tours are also arranged for groups of students and others particularly interested in obtaining information about the working of parliamentary institutions .
Under such conditions the दर्शकों provides a brief introduction to the spectators before starting a Parliamentary Study and Training Centre .
During the last ten years the total number of visitors coming to see the buildings of Parliament buildings has been between 3 000 and nearly 90,000 .
We who want to be a ऋस्पऋरान्तो are calling upon all governments international associations and gentlemen whose goals have been taken up are announced to work with इनश्चय and all others are trying to get involved in our effort .
In many research papers . है Learning makes it easy to learn other languages .
It is also known as the होना - होना of the courses of language - consciousness to be सिम्मिलत .
The समुदाय community is one of those selected समुदाय communities that are बहुभाषी or multilingual .
We believe that every person whether he is a low - speaking person a जबान or a big , learning opportunity to reach a higher level .
अइधकार
The unequal division of forces in languages creates language among most people - LRB - असमानता - RRB - or else it forms an open language oppression .
Every member of the समुदाय community whether he is a man of powerful intellect a , or weak and at the same level every member is bound to ask for a compromise .
Whatever language may be the same बरताव we believe that it is expressed in many international agreements : it is becoming ताकत because of the imbalance in the strength of language .
The समुदाय community however sees language as a धन and धन money .
Because of this reason every language is जन्तु like all kinds of living creatures and जन्तु .
We believe that जातीय is confined to ethnic languages which are essentially barriers for freedom of communication communication and democracy .
Our movement is a movement of human suffering .
Prague July 1996
The time when Chidambaram Ramalinga स्वामिगल was born was a period of political awakening and cultural regeneration .
The institutions that we continued after Independence and embodied in the Constitution were institutions which were धरती on the Indian soil .
The founding fathers who had already developed on the basis of old institutions and had known about which they had become familiar with them and for whom they had opted for building new institutions despite all kinds of limitations .
The Constitution rejected the British rule but not those institutions which had developed during the British regime .
Since the Constitution - making and institution - building is a vibrant current and dynamic process the process has not come to a cease - fire in November 26 1949 when the people of India enacted the Constitution and laid themselves .
On January 26 1950 even after the commencement of the Constitution of India the process of construction was continued by its actual न्यायिक judicial न्यायिक and constitutional amendments .
From time to time the way and the manner in which the people run the Constitution they acquired new meaning .
This trend still continues .
The Constitution of India is a unique Constitution in many respects .
It has many features that distinguish it from other parts of the world .
One day as usual some of them were sleeping in the courtyard of the Ramalinga temple when the priest of the temple woke him and fed .
The next morning it was discovered that the priest would have stayed two days before.
One day while he was resting on his last days in the service of the temple an elderly lady who was living in the service of the temple requested him to reassure him back by a miracle .
Ramalinga took a handful of sand from the sea - shore and put it into his hand .
He said to him : He stopped it and opened again when he did so he found that there were innumerable शिवलिंग in his hand .
It may be noted that according to popular belief the principal saints of the Saiva sect who belonged to the eleventh century had come into existence only in the के of शैव .
The size of the Constitution is very physical and it is still the longest Constitution made in any country .
It is a very comprehensive document and covers a variety of themes which could be subject to ordinary legislation or administrative action .
This was because the Government of India Act शासन 1935 was essentially a law and was used as a model and an initial working draft and a large part of it were incorporated in the Constitution .
Moreover the founding fathers did not want any doubts and difficulties and conflicts to be resolved by making laws in the future .
In the United States of America each state has its own constitution .
The size and complexity of India necessitated several special , temporary , and miscellaneous provisions for certain areas or sections of the country .
The Constitution not only embodied a comprehensive charter of fundamental rights but also outlined the limitations under which these must be operated .
Also the Constitution involves a number of Directive Principles of State Policy and basic duties of citizens .
Types of Constitution Written or semi - ब्रिटेन like the Constitution of America can be based on oral and tradition like written or Britain .
Our Constitution is a written constitution although the special role of tradition and conventions cannot be ignored provided they conform to the provisions of the Constitution .
The bride was the daughter of her sister . की की .
At the time of marriage their age does not know .
In many songs he refers to his fear from the तनी of his mother and this is perhaps the reason .
In his poem ) ) ( praying to a son ) he refers to his कविता :
Was it my last work chasing ?
Did she please you?
The next published work on the request of Chairman Mudaliar was रामलिंग रामलिंग रामलिंग ( न्याय ) रामलिंग i . e . in which Ramalinga presented the popular policy of treating a cow with justice in a wide variety of prose .
It was published by धार्मिक Chettiar in 1854 for the Society for Religious Education .
Ramalinga edited a hundred songs on the द्वारा शताब्दी ( सत्रहवीं ) of the 17th century A. D. . and published his explanatory statement in the Introduction .
It was published by सन् Mudaliar in 1855 .
It is worth noting that this publication was meant for free distribution .
Ramalinga made his final decision in favour of the name में like any rational philosopher - scholar and खरे .
He concluded his thesis with the following words:
If still a few have not been away from the mind of Shankar I would like to draw his attention to the stone inscriptions in the temples built by King महाराज where he has chosen his name as a खुदे .
They can refer to the stone inscriptions in the temples of तिरूवलिदयम , तिरूमुल्लेवामिल and other temples .
It must also be mentioned that the inscriptions at these places bear the name of the region .
The third book edited by Ramalinga was रामलिंग - LRB - a pioneer of spirituality - RRB - written by रामलिंग कवि कवि the poet of रामलिंग .
It was published by Madurai Mudaliar in 1857 .
The second volume of Ramalinga . . - की . was published soon after his death .
Years later when he set out for Vadalur some of his disciples were consistently insistent and were able to get permission to publish some of his songs .
The book was named . . ( a sacred book of Grace ) .
Though he spent his whole day outside the city in Madras where he spent the whole day outside the city .
After a long pause in Madras he writes:
Among the five major shrines in Tamil Nadu which are symbols of धरती ( Indian mythology ) earth ( fire ) air and ether ) Chidambaram represents the ether - आकाश the supreme ether - आकाश of Lord Shiva .
Now the obvious paradox ( or the non - Hindus ) should be explained here .
As early as his boyhood days Ramalinga had the grace of Lord Shiva of Chidambaram and had acquired during his childhood a place of grace at कमरे , , ) or बाल्यकाल - शैशव a temple at Madras .
Then he returned to the worship of Lord Shiva at Chidambaram .
He remembered in Chidambaram before Lord Nataraja or Shiva .
At a high level different theories may be active together .
The doctrine of का - ul - का which Ramalinga believes in the life of the world confirms the relationship between man and God .
According to Ramalinga ' s opinion the four prophets of Saivism were the symbols of the Godward four paths . or सेवक . as God ' s servant . God and मित्र के as God ' s friend .
In 1867 on the occasion of the inauguration of the Sanmarga Veda Dharma . ( जीव ) a booklet on the occasion of the inauguration of the जीव Veda . ( जीव ) which he started writing before 1866 .
The following were :
It has to be kept in mind that they should hasten to get the result of this rare opportunity of human birth .
This booklet was published by his disciples five years after his death in 1879 and the title is worth mentioning : The first step on the path of truth Ramalinga mentions it in his letters to his disciples and disciples .
Today if vegetarianism is found in Tamil Nadu the credit goes to Ramalinga स्वामिगल .
We would like to draw attention to the समाज ( the last chapter ( the world - class society ) in which Ramalinga regarded आध्यात्मिक as the most important for spiritual experience . and the relation of man with God .
The Sanmarga Sangam ( करूंगुझी ) Association ) which he founded in 1965 in the second phase of his Karunguzhi ( 1858 - 67 ) was based on the third round of Vadalur ( 1867 - 70 ) .
At the same time during the last years of the शिष्यों era the result of the publication of his songs was amply demonstrated by his disciples .
The book was published by वित्तीय Press मद्रास 292 लिंग लिंग Street लिंग financed by चेट्टियार Chettiar of मद्रास .
During this long - drawn process Ratna Mudaliar requested Ramalinga to publish Ramalinga in March 1866 as Ramalinga ' s name Ramalinga स्वामिगल .
Ramalinga replied : It is unlike my judgement that Ramalinga should recognise as Swami .
This adjective seems to me . and it is better to avoid it .
He assured himself to his disciples ? ' he said that he can do so as to whom Ramalinga who asks Who is full of divine grace ?
( In Tamil words can make this sense .
At the time of publication of the book Ramalinga left Karunguzhi for Vadalur and was on his way back to the next stage of his spiritual progress .
Velayuda Mudaliar gave the Theosophical Society a description of Ramalinga in English .
On seeing Ramalinga was a moderately thick - built creature - a frail figure of the bones and yet he was of a stout अस्थियों with a sudden erect trunk and a heavy face with a sudden jerk a heavy face .
In the last days his hair had grown too long and he would wear shoes.
His clothes were only two pieces of white cloth .
They were highly संयमी .
He never rested for a moment .
He was a vegetarian , he ate once in two or three days and was satisfied with a few कौर .
A fascinating face strangely haunting eyes beaming with compassion and kindness .
He always avoided the temptation to dress .
In the early days he ate twice a day .
Later कौर had begun to eat once in two or three days and only a few drinks .
It is said that in his youth he slept three hours a day and then two hours a day and one hour according to his disciples he gave up sleep .
He addresses God and says " You have forbidden to sleep .
According to them they are नींद to sleep :
I hate , से से from that निद्रा
They refuse sleep :
How is it ?
A foolish mind with a monkey - friendly monkey can go far .
Stop it with others .
हुए and composing poems he gave discourses at home or meetings and listened to them .
In Venkata . ' s house his wife . would burn herself in his room and put oil in the earthen pot with the help of a burning fire .
One day the mouth of the pot was slightly broken and मुतियालम्माल wanted to change it .
Then they left their house to the neighbourhood .
The next morning when रामलिंग returned she found Ramalinga completely absorbed in writing and the lamp was burning .
He mistook them for what had suddenly been transformed into a miracle .
There is an infinite number of miracles which are described by them .
The judge asked the ascetic 'Who hit you ?
Yes said the ascetic : The man who brought me here hit me with a stone .
The judge understood that no better explanation could be expected from the ascetic.
Then at his own discretion he gave proper punishment to the योगी
During his stay in Cuddalore Ramalinga had a chance encounter between the leader of Brahmo Samaj.
The controversy was recorded by Narayan के of नारायण who stated that it was a record of the controversy .
It was published under this title in 1893 by the Sanmarga Sangam Society for Religious Harmony .
On 16 January 1867 Ramalinga was present at a festival at रामलिंग near Cuddalore on the bank of the river थे .
The local people had already heard his speech
While रामलिंग - पूजा is the only way to meditate upon the formless God Ramalinga briefly said " Those who have understood Brahman may think beyond .
Some people looked at the crowd and whispered Please let us know about their views . "
He said he wanted to resolve the matter परस्पर it was also through correspondence .
होकर Naicker declared 'To the idol - worship is के and निखट्टू .
The Vedas and the great texts assert this : " Ramalinga said .
. kept silent .
Is there nothing that can be experienced by the mind ? " asked the इंद्रियो .
" You must tell me 'said Ramalinga .
Then the senses can give notice to the mind of bliss saying Ramalinga .
Our saints have spoken of a bliss felt by the ears and other senses .
He said ) ( as recorded ) " I opened my shop .
Now I am in this body .
Soon the whole body will become mine .
Then came Friday of the 8th fortnight of the bright fortnight - LRB - 30 January 1874 - RRB - he sent for his followers together and said ( as recorded )
I shall remain in the room for ten to fifteen days .
They will not let me see .
The last announcement is repeated ten times in ten lines of the poem.
It is a recognition of those who believe that they have become one in God ; ever and ever appeared .
One of his disciples रामलिंग स्वामिगल has recorded in eleven stanzas in a poem that Ramalinga himself had spoken to him .
The grace of that great dancer
Dr .
Ambedkar had said in the Constituent Assembly that our intention was from a parliamentary system a man called संसदीय .
The framers of the Constitution have consistently pursued the practice of universal adult suffrage with every adult Indian without any discrimination .
The most basic demand of the leaders of our national freedom struggle was that people had some basic human rights for freedom equality and equality .
The problems of minorities accentuated the need for a formal declaration of fundamental rights in the text of the Constitution itself by certain वाद or courts .
Broadly speaking the fundamental rights incorporated in the Part III of the Constitution are those which cannot be ruled by the individual against the state .
For example an executive action can be challenged in the Supreme Court or in the High Courts .
If these laws or executive action do not come under any of the restrictions mentioned in the Constitution they can be held unconstitutional and invalid .
Thus the Constitution also lays down the mechanism and mechanism of enforcement of fundamental rights .
Later on he installed such mirrors in the Vadalur Hall and the Siddhi वडलूर .
शरीर says that the शरीर can be seen in a mirror as a separate image .
Like a mirror the शरीर can be seen clearly ; within this body there is a dream like the water in the country of the पितरों पितरों like the water in the land of the पितरों the light is visible from darkness .
In order to understand the symbolism of the six शरीर - LRB - शरीर - RRB - the symbol given to the body is to go to the Upanishads .
Just as the mirror becomes से with the brightness of the dust on the earth and when cleared it दुखों the agony that is released so the human being becomes free with his mission on seeing the nature of the soul .
When after obtaining the Brahman is fully realised by the nature of Brahman the soul which can be compared with which it is possible becomes free from the knowledge of the अजन्मे fixed and the निगुर्ण .
( There is almost the exact expression of the nature of the Absolute Reality ) से - से Upanishad which is beyond all the adjectives of all the personal veils of the Self - Perfection Ananda the व्यक्तिगत of the Self - Perfection से and से .
गॉर्डन . Gordon गॉर्डन and his colleagues have been studying it in order to know the organic wealth of the deep sea and are trying to find out what will affect this unknown environmental group .
An unfavourable dwelling
The deep sea where the temperature is समुद्र and there is no sunshine and there is great pressure on us .
We can expect only a few species to live there .
When Gordon and his colleagues collected samples from the sea - floor they were surprised to see the diversity of life - species there - a diversity that could be found on earth and in shallow water .
How many species survive in such an adverse environment ?
The surprising diversity can be explained by the वातावरण theory that the constant changes in the environment maintain this diversity .
Constant environment breeds the dominant species of organism which do not live and thrive in diversity .
In the deep sea however the environment is not steady the sea - storms the sea - robbers and the food - fall below are often nervous .
How do scientists use and examine theories to discover and understand the natural world ?
Subramanya Bharati the first poet of the present age is walking on the प्रवर्तित course of Ramalinga ; it is clear to the students who sing them .
In short Ramalinga is the harbinger of the modern Tamil Renaissance of which there are modern पुनर्जागरण Bharati .
The couple of Ramalinga could be equated with the combination of Gandhiji or Ramakrishna - Vivekananda .
It is enough to quote from his disciple रामलिंग Velayuda Mudaliar on the level of Ramalinga 's poetry .
In the Indian tradition the ends of history and myths are गुंथे and myths that the formula is often not easy to say where one ends and the other begins.
And it is not without reason that when we trace the genealogy of an important family like the पारिवारिक we are soon lost in the mists of popular tradition and family lore and we see our path very carefully .
After the political upheaval and social transition between the eighth century Bengal had become a powerful Hindu Empire .
The names of the five Brahmins are still held with great respect and the new racial aristocracy in Bengal has so far been acknowledged .
However historians have maintained a sort of silence during this interesting and elaborate child - use which has built up modern Bengal and is still in the same form .
Nevertheless the name of one of the five Brahmins was named Daksha and is honoured as the ancestor of the Tagores .
History is full of घटनाओं events .
Towards the end of the twelfth century Bengal was attacked by the Afghans on the west and after some time came under the Delhi Sultanate .
As a result many Hindus were inspired by force or by new masters.
The two trusted Brahmin brothers were also under him - जयदेव and Jayadev whose ancestors were men and women for several generations .
And one day पीर is a story of . when पीर . observed that Pir Ali Khan was playing a lemon खान remarked , There is only one thing to do. '
You have therefore violated your fast. "
Pir Ali Khan said nothing but since he was born Hindu the words rankled in his mind .
After a few days , accompanied by many other Hindus and ब्राह्मण both these Brahmin brothers were invited to a music concert at सूबेदार .
The audience who was listening to music in the sitting room had a feast of choice Muslim dishes which included beef .
When the music - महक came up to the sitting room the Hindu खान added पीर to your religion as prescribed and the food is half - eating.
Having lost their caste ' purity the family found it difficult to live in a community that gave it more or less shelter .
The predicament became worse for all of them when they found it difficult to find suitable husbands for their daughters.
Therefore every member of this family had to leave his ancestral home and he wandered from place to place in search of a suitable match for himself and his daughters .
He was a bold Brahmin who accepted the daughter of the family .
One of them was Jagannatha . who married a niece of the ill - fated brothers like जयदेव and Jayadev whose विवाह jest had caused all the trouble .
. had to pay a heavy price for this temerity for he had to pay his home .
It is said that the men of this bold and rash man were founded by the Tagores .
His name was Panchanan का .
प्रवास and social persecution had made the descendants defiant and ambitious .
Having lost the pride of their कुलीनता they were fearless as they had no fear of losing .
Since they could no longer be more holy they took a pledge to be more human and attracted to all good things possible by life and time .
There were things happening all over the country which had never been heard .
The White people from across the ocean had opened a factory and business centre on the banks of the holy Ganges and their strength and prestige grew to such a degree that even the Muslim theologians were beginning to take a better relationship .
So Panchanan and his uncle Sukhdev left their home in the last decade of the seventeenth century as their forefathers had left छोडा and settled down in a village called गंगा on the banks of the Ganges not far from the British domicile .
थी was a small settlement among the fishermen the fishermen ' s colony - the fishermen ' s बस्ती lived by the poor .
Seeing a Brahmin family settled in their midst they were proud and respected him and his nephew as a caste who should meet him and always addressed him as Panchanan Thakur .
Even today people address these Brahmins as Thakur .
Later he had a lucrative occupation in supplying provisions to foreign ships on the river route .
Thus the British and other foreigners had the opportunity of contacting them and naturally they were still alive to the fact that they were Panchanan ' s surname or family .
So he called Panchanan पंचानन and instead of speaking to an unfamiliar name pronounced properly and offered them as ' Tagore.
Its fortunes were from the beginning linked with the British power in India .
As this power increased and the business grew there were originally ordinary fishermen ' s villages which were transformed into cities of Calcutta .
The family fortune reached its zenith during the life and career of Prince Dwarakanath .
Born in सन् Dwarkanath who was only thirteen years old had his father gone .
द्वारकानाथ versatile and enterprising by his versatile genius Dwarkanath could have made an empire for himself as a romantic or romantic personality and become a prince.
However people addressed him as the Prince because of his imperial बाट and his eagerness to give alms .
His long wide range of business included many things : indigo factories शोरा शोरा sugar कोयला tea कोयला coal mining etc .
At home in the joint family the orthodox and traditional ways of life were the household deities were worshipped morning and evening .
But outside the house - a - wide welcome rooms and सजाए सजाए in the decorated घर kept warm welcome to their friends and visitors where liquor was made .
This area known as कलकत्ता situated in the middle of Calcutta where the ancestral house of कलकत्ता stands today and is the centre of education ; Dwarkanath ' s grateful grandson is also a memorial .
There is no longer the stately edifice which Dwarkanath had built on the adjoining land where he entertained friends and guests and the then ruling society of Calcutta .
The दानवृत्ति of Dwarakanath was not less lavish with द्वारकानाथ .
The founding fathers however provided for only one citizenship despite their objective of building an integrated Indian fraternity and a united nation .
Unlike the United States there has been no separate citizenship for the Union and the States and all citizens in the country have been empowered without any discrimination except in Kashmir . tribal areas etc .
The 42nd Amendment to the Constitution inter alia inter alia added a new Part to the Constitution under the title गया .
In fact no right can be viable without corresponding duty and the rights of citizens without respect to the political obligations of the state and citizens .
The Constitution of India provides an independent judiciary .
The High Courts and the Supreme Court are part of the same integrated judicial structure and their jurisdiction rests on all laws i . e . the Union , ii Civil Criminal or constitutional laws .
Unlike the United States there is no separate federal and state court systems in our country .
He not only कृत्यों the controversies and functions as the custodian of individual rights and freedoms but can be expected to interpret the Constitution from time to time and to revise its validity in the context of the Constitution .
The decision of the Supreme Court is the highest law of the country .
From his sick bed Amal watches the procession of life in the street and longs to participate in it .
The village postman का assures him that he will bring him a letter from the king .
Death brings deliverance and innocent faith its final gift .
But the child Rabi was stronger than Amal and survived the neglect of the parents and the terror of the servants .
It was a simple Bengali jingle as तुकबंदी - तुकबंदी the rain - leaf वर्षा ( वर्षा ) hill ) but for the child this was the first वर्षा of the magic of the poem as he described later .
Whenever the joy of that day comes back to me and yet again I realise the importance of poetry .
Because of this the words come and stop but they do not end; their utterance is over and the ear and the mind move forward with each other .
Thus the rains वर्षा and the leaves continued to move over and over again and again and again and this is a memorable day in my consciousness . "
The Supreme Court also functions as the arbiter of disputes between the States or between the Union and between the Union and the States .
Conclusion The Constitution of India is one of the most comprehensive documents .
It is unique in many respects .
It cannot be fitted into a certain mould - structure or model .
It is a combination of rigid and flexible federal and unitary संसदीय and presidential and parliamentary forms .
It attempts to balance between the fundamental rights of individuals on the one hand and the social economic interests of the people on the other .
Moreover it presents a middle path between the principles of parliamentary sovereignty and judicial superiority .
While several Constitutions of nations formed after the Second World War have been laid down and gone देशों our Constitution has successfully faced many crises and survived.
This is evident from the evidence of his सुनम्यता activity and potential for growth .
The Preamble to the Constitution and its philosophy are expected from the Preamble 1 of a Constitution to provide directions to the founding fathers for their efforts to achieve the aims and objectives in which the Constitution is based upon .
For early reading and writing a tutor was set up at home but the system seemed to lose itself .
When the child found that his elder brother and sister were going to school in a carriage they too began to howl and cried and cried .
The exasperated tutor gave him a resounding slap and said " You are crying to go to school now; you' ll have to take you off the school . "
The boy was adamant but later found that no one had ever risen above it .
In any case his first school was ओरियंटल विद्यालय .
What he learnt was not very much at all but he was greatly impressed by a fine - hearted mind when he सजा children .
There was so much solace for me that I had no power to कार्रवाई any conscious being . "
Soon after Rabi was seven years old - he was admitted to the Normal School and was run according to British education .
His companions called it a show of a child - friendly miracle and when he recited his poem it विलाप for it to say that a तैराक moves forward and हाथ towards breaking a lotus .
Though this child had little to look after her father and mother ' s care but she had no merit in her reading .
The whole day was full of lessons .
He was roused into the dark and was taken aback by a gang of पहलवान for the practice of wrestling .
As soon as wrestling matches were over and देह from the body were removed there would be a student in the medical college and a अस्थि about the अस्थि .
A male skeleton hung on the wall of the room and the children were हड्डियों in Latin about the various bones ; their हड्डियों names were transformed into a हड्डियों - memory of the skeleton .
At seven in mathematics the tutor came and slate in hand the child had to contend with questions of arithmetic algebra and geometry .
Sometimes a lesson is made of natural sciences which is also used in small quantities .
It was something in his tone that he wanted to answer and the boy shook his head as usual . "
And this proposal is not repeated again .
My health was not so bad that even in the most neglected hour of school I could never have been a wrong excuse or wrong manipulation .
He will reduce not only his food bills but also the doctor ' s bills . "
The reputation reached the ear of the teacher of the Normal School and he asked the child Rabi to write a moral ideal .
When the child complied with the poems on the following day he was told to read them in the morning .
The most remarkable thing about this moral poem was that it soon lost . "
Its moral effect on the class was far from moral.
His father sent a message to ask him to take him to the Himalayas along with him .
The next few days were excited .
For the first time it was ordered for a hot cloth suit and with it a gold embroidered cap .
And so one day the son accompanied by his father and left for the first adventure of his life .
His first halt was Santiniketan now the world ' s seat of learning well - known as the World Bharati .
The child himself knew that it would come to a place where he had come to घूमने with his life and would be known all over the world as his most creative experiment centre .
Its history is almost parallel to Tagore .
As the sun rose in the evening they found themselves on an open and wide spot where the lush green stood on the western horizon and from there to the पश्चिमी sun there was no barrier .
But the Maharshi did not blame or chide the child .
It was in this place where under the झुरमुट of coconut arecanut Rabi wrote his first verse - drama dealing with the historical theme of love and romance , the last great Hindu king of Delhi .
In a funny voice the author मृत्यु in spite of his martial strength code in his martial practice the work fell prey to his premature death .
His father and son began their journey from Santiniketan and went through several places on the way to the holy city of Amritsar where he laid a long halt .
The Maharshi was an admirer of the Sikh faith and went daily to visit the golden temple accompanied by his son and often participated in the पुत्र singing of the स्वर्ण .
The reverence for other religions and beliefs widened the child ' s sympathies which were later to attain wide dimensions .
When the father and son reached the valley of the Himalayas the fine had already begun in April .
His destination was Dalhousie . who was situated at a higher altitude than seven thousand above the sea - level and had few बंगले .
Justice has been defined as social justice economic and political .
In fact the concept of democratic justice equality liberty equality liberty fraternity and fraternity are the most essential सहगामी elements of a truly democratic order and therefore only elucidate the concept of a democratic republic .
The words of our Constitution have been very elegant and और .
They embody the highest values that human intellect can devise .
Where the words are found to be vague or their meaning is unclear the Preamble may be assisted to understand the intention of the framers and find out that the particular word has been used in a wide context .
In that ancient region and also with the fabulous Maharshi was a great honour that suddenly raised the child ' s status in the family .
The rule of servants ended .
He was now welcome in the घर of the house where the proud mother would offer her eldest child to the other women who were eager to listen to her adventures.
This inner part of the house had become more alluring since a new bride had entered the porch . " It was a wife of the elder brother रवि who had a single gold bangles on her handsome shoulders .
It was only a little older than Rabi and wanted to be her companion .
I wandered around it - with a certain distance - and I never dared to go near it . "
He who had come from outside had a great fascination for himself and felt his desire to become his companions .
But as soon as he drew near her the youngest sister wondered at her and at the same time What did you think of her ? " Come on ! " The insult was more like her .
The unwelcome intruder had suddenly become a favourite visitor.
Now each one of them wanted to hear interesting stories about his journey and this little lover.
These teachers soon understood their position that it was easier to take the horse to the water .
The Bengali tutor soon discovered a powerful way of dealing with the truant student .
Having read a few pieces of के ' s scene he could lock it in a room lock - up and set the prisoner free only if he did not translate the scenes previously - read into Bengali and that verse .
Thus the whole drama was transformed into Bengali verse the first to offer to the great English dramatist .
Unfortunately even this manuscript could not be found ; only its पांडुलिपि scene which was published about seven years later in 1880 in 1880 by Bharati .
The dramas were written and acted at home and music was performed in the atmosphere .
Whatever the young Rabi 's hand the book seemed to have ended like a हाथों he would have thought of the compositions and हाथों of the older people.
As a part of the intellectuals and the inevitable part of it gave expression to the ज्वार upsurge of nationalism and it held itself as a cultural and political राजनैतिक known as the Hindu Mela eighteen was the first Indian promoter .
In those years like all the progressive movements of Bengal it had been sponsored by the Tagores .
In February 1876 young Rabi aged fourteen recited a patriotic poem at this festival .
The poem was published in the Amrita Bazar Patrika then a Bengali weekly .
It was not only Rabi ' s first public appearance but was the first occasion when his name appeared with poetry .
होकर by this success he repeated his triumph to the people by reciting another poem entitled प्रकृतिर अवसाद .
Thus between a महिला child and a sterile woman there was a warm affection bond and friendship which satisfied and noble boy and at the same time सौहार्द्र her wayward किशोरावस्था and wayward genius .
Kadambari also provided her with a emotional conservation and a warm and cordial की at the age of which Ravi needed the most essential discipline and direction .
रवि who was at the pinnacle of his creative energy took young Rabi under his patronage and made his unique workshop ( a helper ) .
He played a tune on the देते and urged Rabi to sing and sing new songs and encouraged his younger brother to sing it well and to give them the first forms of rhythmic drama .
The freedom of expression whether intellectual discussions or literary creation - they never break the gap between themselves and their younger brother Rabi .
This healthy and inspiring organisation made Rabi capable of throwing out of his mind the diffidence which he had been sitting.
As far as I can say about myself there was a little chance of my freedom and the way out of them was to correct these शरारतों .
I have never been able to make myself capable of carrying me entirely physical or mental into my trap and swallow or निगल me .
In the case of सज्जन Singh v. State of Rajasthan न्यायमूर्ति Justice था observed that the Preamble had the impression of deep deliberation and was given special importance by the framers of the Constitution .
The opinion of the Supreme Court regarding not being a part of the Constitution of the Preamble needs perhaps to be considered again .
It was felt that the intention expressed by the framers of the Constitution should be paid to it through the Preamble .
In Golak Nath v. State of Punjab Justice हिदायतुल्लाह observed that the Preamble to the Constitution was the key to the principles which the government had to function .
As in the case of the late न्यायालय Bhavan ( Mysore State ( AIR ) the Supreme Court held a decision : the Directive Principles and Fundamental Rights can also be understood better in the light of the objectives enshrined in the Preamble .
In the case of the विधानमंडलों it appears that the Supreme Court did not consider the fact that the Preamble to any Act was not discussed or held in the Houses of legislatures and not in any other part the Preamble to the Constitution .
Justice Sikri said that the legislative history of the Preamble to the Constitution justified its importance .
Thus under the warmth of affection and encouragement the poet ' s poetic exuberance burst - out .
He was now fourteen and his long narrative poem which was divided into sixteen hundred lines and twenty - four cantos and published in ज्ञानांकुर .
Like Sakuntala her companion - belonged to the forest - अरण्य and unlike शकुंतला there was no human creature to save her father .
The father dies and she becomes an orphan है there is no ढाढस .
Then a young traveller passes and influenced by her sweetness and pity on her plight brings her home .
At the same time he finds it difficult for him to be able to fit in with the tradition of society and to find joy in his favourite forest lying between the mountains .
But at the same time she is attracted by her husband ' s friend नीरद who is a young poet and in her innocence confesses her love for her .
Though नीरद is still secretly in love with him she is wounded by her frank confession and goes away in anger and आहत her husband who in turn kills his friend .
Kamala is heart - broken by her murder and she leaves her husband and keeps vigil by the dead body of नीरद .
But being known to human love she does not find peace in solitude and finally jumps into a river below the summit of snow .
The waves like a mother ' s arms carry the baby back to her friends .
This was aimed at the political freedom of India and its format was based on the राजनैतिक of राजनैतिक .
Its sittings were held in the कलकत्ता - C - गली of Calcutta in a dilapidated building which lasted only for the secret .
The secret was its only source of surprise for there was nothing new in deliberations and activities to make the Government or the people panic . "
थे was a man of determined wit and his fertile imagination had attracted him to such adventures as daring and sometimes as dreams .
His meeting with his destiny was certain but he demanded a great help in उद्दीप्त the varied tastes of his younger brother and most of them his strong commitment to the freedom of his country .
At the same time there was a terrible famine in the country and innumerable skeletons could be seen .
The satirical verses written by Rabi on the occasion of the Hindu Mela held this year were associated with this व्यंग्य .
This journal gave new glow to new experiment in Bengali literature .
Young Rabi had now a family forum in his hand though he still needed little incentive .
The first story of Rabi . Ek रवि रवि रवि रवि a historical drama written in रवि . . . . a long narrative poem in blank verse inspired by a series of songs in the old style and composed by a number of poems in western literature .
In his mature age he threw away most of these निर्ममता very brutally with kicks and निर्ममता . " At that time there was nothing in my mind but a hot steam and a passion for it .
When there was no form there was a confused movement the ऊपर was just a ऊपर - one that had broken up into झागों . "
He had made this unpleasant self - expression when he had already acquired mastery over word - trust and form . and therefore seemed to be प्रति to his earlier efforts as mere आत्म .
But there are many of these works which are not empty of their intrinsic quality and are very interesting in which they have a clear picture of that vague mentality which had already been तोड by this literary phenomenon .
Then he realises that he had never ceased to love her and that was the love he had wandered about there .
However it is too late .
Nalini dies and the poet is left to embrace the universal love.
These long उदगार उदगार depict the inevitable impact of the study of the English - speaking poets of the period in which he wrote his second work was inspired by Dr भानु Singh भानु ' and the फुटकर of which was originally published .
The three literary influences on Tagore ' s poetry development can be प्रभावों are gradually : Sanskrit literature , Vaishnava पदावली and Western literature .
Just as the confluence of three rivers in India makes an area sacred and these three streams from the opposite sides come together and merge with each other and so the personality of Tagore .
On seeing the धार्मिक धार्मिक Padavali it appears that the Vaishnava padas have been influenced by this young poet .
It is difficult to say that in spite of the symbolism of symbolism based on the worship of a human deity he could understand its communal performance how far it had been drawn between humanity and humanity .
Though the basic elements were not precisely defined the basic elements mentioned in the Preamble were specifically mentioned .
Thus the Constitution embodied in the Preamble cannot be reversed by any amendment under article 368 .
But even though the Preamble is now an integral part of the Constitution it is still true that it is neither a source of power nor a limitation .
First it was announced in the case of थी .
During the Emergency the Forty - second Constitution Amendment Act of 1976 added to the Preamble the words' socialist and creed .
Moreover the words of unity and integrity of the nation were replaced by words of unity and integrity .
The only place from which the existence of sovereignty and the source of the Constitution can be ascertained is the Preamble .
The words we the people of India remind us of the initial words of the Preamble to the US Constitution .
It was sought to emphasise that our nation is one and that our Constitution is one and our polity is one .
In the United States of America and Australia the sovereignty is divided between the Commonwealth and the States and each state has dominance in the sphere assigned to it .
During emergencies.
Even during normal conditions it can invade the States' sphere by making laws on subjects included in the State List under article 249 .
But our founding fathers at the outset provided for the अनश्वरता of the Union and did not have any right to secede from the Union .
When species are eradicated from any area of the sea - sea species there are species living in the रहने region .
This constant change can cause very few species dominance in one area of the sea .
It is very difficult to trace the principles of the समुद्रतल Sea when sea - water is very difficult .
But the समुद्री . theory is still the best of the principles enunciated so that the maritime scientist can explain the life of the sea .
वनस्पति
The चट्टानें rocks of की . . . low evergreen forests and orchards are some of the different environmental conditions in the मेसोअमेरिका region .
Convention on Biological Diversity
Convention on Biological Diversity After the Summit in 1992 के is dedicated to conservation of our precious biodiversity .
It forces national governments to protect the natural wealth found in their area .
In the मामलों Bharti and Minerva Mills cases secularism was described as a basic feature .
Moreover it was inherent in the guarantee of freedom of religion as a fundamental right .
The Constitution ( 73rd Amendment ) Bill sought to lay down that secular and democratic character of the Constitution would be regarded as one of the basic features of the Constitution .
But before the Bill was enacted as the 44th Amendment the list of basic features was dropped.
In the case of shah बानो the law - maker fell under the pressure of orthodox Muslims and for secularism and all alike the fundamental sense of constitutional empowerment of women ( marriages ) the decision was instituted to enforce .
In any case the only operative interpretation of the term 'secular' in the Indian Constitutional Law would be what can be understood from the various provisions of the Constitution such as articles 14 15 15 , 19 and 25 and 28 .
The preamble itself even in its के form inter alia included the liberty of स्वतंत्रता Trust and की .
Thus the state governments exercised power directly in deciding matters of state and such polity could be termed direct democracy .
In this case both legal and political sovereignty can be said to vest in the people .
But with the gradual increase in the size and population of the political units and ultimately with the advent of the modern nation - states it was impossible for people to assemble at a place to discuss matters of States and arrive at decisions .
Moreover the process of framing and administering the state was rather complex .
The systems of direct democracy therefore soon became practically extinct all over the world .
More important international issues can be raised at certain places .
Also there are provisions in the संविधानों of certain countries viz . France Ireland Ireland Japan and Switzerland which have been made available for constitutional amendment .
Thus in a modern democracy an indirect representation is necessary which involves the setting up of governance and law by the elected representatives of the people .
Thus the democratic democratic polity has become a fundamental feature of our Constitution which cannot be altered by any constitutional amendment but there are many variants of democracy which can be considered equally representative and proper .
Political justice means equal rights for all citizens without discrimination on grounds of race religion or birthplace .
Article 16 guarantees equality of opportunity in matters of public employment and articles 325 and 326 provide for equal rights to all adults to participate in the elections .
Founding fathers like Nehru and Ambedkar had a clear view that political justice was meaningless without economic justice .
Dr .
Liberty is derived from the Latin word लिबर्टी .
This would mean a deliverance from bondage from bondage to bondage from bondage to bondage from bondage to slavery .
Article 17 intended to end the practice of untouchability which was an affront to human dignity .
Article 32 provided for a person to go directly to the Supreme Court to enforce his fundamental rights and safeguard his personal dignity .
The unity and integrity of the nation can safeguard the dignity of the individual only when the nation is formed and its unity and integrity remained secure .
It is through the spirit of common brotherhood and fraternity that we can hope to build national unity in the highly pluralistic and heterogenous society .
Moreover without the unity and integrity of the nation we cannot succeed in the efforts of our economic development nor can we hope to save democracy or the country ' s independence and honour .
Therefore under Article - 51 ( 51 ) all citizens have been given a duty to protect the sovereignty unity and integrity of India and keep it intact .
At least in such cases which may be a threat to the unity and integrity of the nation all citizens are expected to forget all differences and rise above their personal self .
If not the task of nation - building becomes impossible .
The various concepts and words embodied in the Preamble reveal that the noble and noble words of our Preamble represent the whole Constitution of India the आत्मा philosophy the ideals and the soul .
The other parts and provisions of the Constitution are merely an elaboration and a attempt to give concrete shape to the words of the Preamble .
Q . How do scientists name new species ?
How does it fit into our present knowledge of the natural world ?
What is the Darwin Centre ?
How will it change in the future ?
- samples need constant care - how do we look after them ?
Collecting and society
Why are these collections kept in this museum ?
How do we collect and study specimens ?
How do researchers complete their scientific studies ?
एवं
There are over 6 million specimens in our collections - What are they ?
What do we do in में ?
How does it benefit the world ?
The Constitution of a country determines the basic structure of its political system within which its people are subject .
It establishes the main organs of the state such as the legislature the executive and the judiciary defines their powers सीमांकन their obligations and regulates their relationship with the people .
In democracy sovereignty vests in the people .
But with the increasing complexities of administration and the increasing size of the nation - states direct democracy was no longer possible .
In today ' s representative democracies people decide how and who controls it .
Clauses 3 and 4 of article 15 embody exceptions to the general principles of non - discrimination .
They respectively empower the state to make special provisions for women and children and for the advancement of certain sections of the socially and educationally disadvantaged citizens .
( See Abdul Aziz v. Bombay State AIR 1954 SC 226 ) ; Madras State v. Union of Madras AIR 1951 SC 226 .
But in spite of these special provisions it has been held that the general prohibition under article 14 would apply in such cases even if the State does not have to be arbitrary or unreasonable .
As the Supreme Court has held that the Jati of the individual cannot be the sole जाति to ensure that certain classes are backward or not .
In the case of Chitralekha ( Mysore ( AIR 1964 SC 1823 ) he held that though caste was a relevant reason for ensuring the backwardness of any section it could not do so with any special authority .
The validity of any reservation therefore can be judged on whether it is based on some rational and relevant criteria ?
Thus many eligible candidates will be frustrated .
The validity of any reservation therefore can be judged on whether it is based on some rational and relevant criteria ?
He expressed the view that these are examples of socially and educationally backward classes .
He held that reservation for 80 per cent of the state ' s population which lay in rural areas was not a homogenous class .
1971 ( Mysore AIR 1971 SC 1971 ) .
It declared that reservation of more than 50 per cent of posts in a single year would be unconstitutional as it would automatically प्रभावहीन article 16 ( 1 ) .
The Mandal Commission in view of the 50 per cent imposed by the Supreme Court recommended 27 per cent reservation for backward classes .
No reservation in higher posts such as scientists and technologists in education such as those of professors in international airports technicians atomic and space applications .
The fourth exception to the general rule of equality of opportunity in public employment has been given in clause ( 5 of article 16 ) which provides that law may be prescribed that a member belonging to a particular religious or communal body belongs to it .
Article 17 prohibits untouchability and forbids its practice in any form .
If practised it will be treated as an offence punishable according to law .
The purpose of this article is to eliminate the inhuman practice of treating certain human beings living together by their birth in certain castes being dirty and untouchable .
( People ' s Union for Democratic Party ( AIR 1982 SC 1982 ) .
At the same time every citizen has a duty to ensure that untouchability is not practised in any form .
The Untouchability ( Offences ) Act 1955 1955 which was later renamed as the Protection of Civil Rights Act 1955 provided for punishment of offenders.
Article 18 prohibits any person being an Indian citizen or a foreign national.
But there is an exception in the case of Military and academic distinctions.
Under clause 2 of this article the citizens of India have also been prohibited from accepting any title from any foreign state .
Clause 3 provides that a foreigner holding any office of profit or trust under the state cannot accept any title from a foreign state without the consent of the President .
And under clause ( 4 ) no person holding the office of profit or trust under the State shall accept any meeting in any form or under any foreign State without the consent of the President .
A question has been raised that the Republic Day for Distinguished Meritorious Service should be awarded to the President for years असैनिक असैनिक असैनिक and असैनिक and not to interfere with Article 18 of the Constitution ?
These titles were not announced for many years because of the adjournment orders of the Supreme Court .
( Subodh Gopal Bose v. State of West Bengal AIR 1954 SC 92 ) .
But the courts have not considered these freedoms to take full advantage of the democratic values of an independent citizen .
जलवायु worked on the assumption and discovered historical causes of climate change by studying the mosquitoes .
Causes of climate change
Larvae of non - biting midges live in fresh water .
When they die they drop down to the bottom of the lake and become part of the sediments .
The silt can be radio carbon - कार्बन and Steve can identify the dead bodies of these mosquitoes by comparing them with specimens that we collect from them .
Each species of mosquitoes thrive at a particular temperature .
Thus मच्छरों can determine the temperature at that time and what species of mosquitoes are found .
Malaria is caused by 10 to 30 million deaths per annum in the tropical region .
We have to control mosquitoes to prevent malaria .
Limited companies with shareholders have a large number of industries .
The creditors and depositors and many others have dealings with these enterprises .
Nevertheless the state does not need to justify its trade monopoly is a reasonable restriction or is in the interest of the people ( प्रदेश Ahmed v. State of Uttar Pradesh ( AIR 1954 SC पी ) .
In fact there can be no objection under article 19 ( l ) if a business is run by the House or a certain citizen in a competition with any civil disobedience .
Protection of conviction for offences under article 20 lays down the protection of the rights of persons accused for offences .
This article is considered so important that the Forty - fourth Amendment provides that it cannot be suspended even during an Emergency by an order under article 359 .
Thus the Legislature is prohibited from making criminal laws with retrospective effect .
( 1 ) or a person demanding security ( Bihar State versus सुरक्षा ) AIR 1952 SC 329 ) cannot be claimed .
Article 30 inter alia criticized inter alia on the ground that the right to establish and administer educational institutions of their own interest is given to the minorities not to the majority community .
Moreover since the Constitution has nowhere defined a minority term and has the advantages of belonging to the minority groups the bulk of the Hindus began to claim the status of अल्पसंख्यक minorities in the Punjab .
In Bengal the Ramakrishna Mission had to declare that he is not Hindu but represented an independent minority religion .
During the various stages of the framing of the Constitution of India in the Constituent Assembly the property provisions had proved to be the most controversial and had taxed the imagination sagacity drafting skill and the spirit of compromise .
There was a consensus which each of the contenders interpreted in their own way .
This consensus was embodied in articles 31 and 19 ( f ) of the Constitution .
Rights of constitutional remedies are meaningful only when they are enforceable and if they are violated .
Our Constitution not only guarantees certain fundamental rights but under article 32 ; it also guarantees the right of the Supreme Court to move the country by appropriate proceedings to enforce the fundamental rights .
The Supreme Court can issue writs in the nature of habeas corpus mandamus prohibition quo बंदी and बंदी .
The Parliament can also empower certain courts to exercise these rights .
The right guaranteed by article 32 cannot be suspended except by the Constitution .
In the proclamation of Emergency - LRB - article 20 and 21 - RRB - except in article 20 and 21 - LRB - i - RRB - the right to go to the court to enforce any fundamental right shall be suspended under article 359 and b .
Where the suspension of fundamental rights has been protected by the Constitution - LRB - article 32 - RRB - would not apply ( पंजाब v. State of Punjab ( AIR 1964 SC 131 ) .
The Supreme Court held that this right could not be taken away even by amending the Constitution because it is the basic feature of the Constitution ( Fertilizer Corporation of India v. Union of India AIR 1981 SC 344 ) .
Even at the time of constitution .
Ambedkar described this provision as the basic spirit and spirit of the Constitution .
Only the fundamental rights guaranteed by the Constitution can be enforced under article 32 .
Since the right to constitutional remedy under article 32 is itself a fundamental right the Supreme Court cannot refuse relief for violation of a substantive fundamental right .
Article 226 grants powers to the High Courts also to issue various writs .
However the Supreme Court has held that where relief through the High Court under Article 226 may be accessible to the High Court ( गुजरात न्यायालय v . State of Gujarat AIR 1987 SC न्यायालय ) .
Under article 34 Parliament may by law indemnify a person for anything done by contravention of fundamental rights to maintain order during the operation of martial law .
The Directive Principles of State Policy - 4 Part IV embodied in Part IV are a unique feature of our Constitution .
The basic incentive for the chapter of the Irish Constitution was derived from the concept of a welfare state ( Kerala ) v. State of Kerala AIR 1973 SC 146 ) .
With the defence of the fundamental rights of the individual the framers of the Constitution also wanted to make an effective instrument for social revolution .
Article 41 provides that the State shall enjoy the right to secure public assistance in the face of its economic strength and growth and securing public support in the conditions of unemployment age sickness and disablement .
Article 42 and 43 provide for endeavouring to secure for workers a living wage humane conditions of work maternity relief a decent standard of living and full enjoyment of leisure and social and cultural opportunity .
They provide for equal rights to children between the ages of fourteen and compulsory education ( articles 45 and 45 ) to the exclusion of scheduled castes scheduled tribes and other weaker sections of the people ( articles 46 ) .
However the Directive Principles could not be moved to the court ; still these elements have guided the Legislatures and the States Legislatures in law of social reforms and have so far accepted the National न्यायालयों for their interpretation of the provisions of the Constitution .
Every other right can be proved to be a right established by unfair means and there is no use in dispute .
Gandhiji sought to emphasise the economic and social responsibilities of all citizens .
In view of his ideas the Constitution ( Forty - Second Amendment ) Act 1976 added to the Constitution a new section of Fundamental Rights and Directive Principles respectively.
Bills belonging to certain categories and action on them can be taken only after obtaining the recommendation of the President ( articles 117 and 117 ( 1 ) .
In fact the House has been dissolved every time from the First Lok Sabha before its expiry .
Once during the Emergency its period was extended the House was dissolved before the expiry of the extended period .
Qualification for membership of both Houses of Parliament in article 83 provide for qualifications .
He should have at least 30 years of age for membership of Rajya Sabha and at least 25 years for membership of Lok Sabha .
Additional qualifications can be prescribed by law .
For membership : Under article 102 no person shall be entitled to be elected by any House of Parliament or if he / she is not a citizen of India or otherwise a member of a foreign state .
In the case of a State Legislature if the members do not leave their office there may be a vacancy in the House of Parliament .
Each provision of the Constitution should be defined in such a way that each word used therein has the meaning and relevance .
( Golak Nath v. State of Punjab AIR 1967 SC 1643 ) .
It is therefore necessary to know the background and history of any existing and applied Constitution .
The concepts of constitutional rule in ancient India were not meant for ancient India to control the arbitrary powers of colonial rulers and rule .
It may also accept by lowering the demand .
A demand for grant will be made on the recommendation of the President otherwise not otherwise ( article 113 ) .
No amendment is permitted which aims at the allocation of funds or conversion of any charged expenditure .
Appropriation Bill is necessary because no money can be withdrawn from the Consolidated Fund without parliamentary sanction .
Additional , supplementary or excess grants may be voted separately but the same procedure will apply to them ( articles 114 - 115 - 115 .
The Parliament may by law regulate the procedure for the purpose of timely completion of financial work ( article 119 ) .
The Constitution declares that business in Parliament shall be transacted in Hindi and English .
But the Presiding Officer may summon a member who cannot express himself well in Hindi or English and may allow himself to address the House in his mother tongue ( article 120 ) .
He does not and cannot rule himself .
The Council of Ministers may in a way be called the Large Executive Committee of Parliament charged with administration on behalf of the parent body .
Since the members of the Council of Ministers go to Parliament and is a part of Parliament and responsible to the Lok Sabha the relationship may be said to be that it is the same thing as the whole .
However there is a clear distinction between the functions of the Executive and Parliament ( article 75 ) .
The Parliament makes laws . आलोचना and आलोचना public grievances .
The functions of the Parliament are to exercise political and financial control over the Executive and to monitor the administration .
It can only be removed by the President from his office by a special majority ( ii ) by each House with a total membership of that House and by a majority of members present and voting.
The Parliament is not empowered to discuss his conduct of the Supreme Court or any Judge of a High Court except in case of a request for removal of a judge before the President ( article 121 ) .
Parliament may by law provide for the establishment of a administrative tribunal for the Union and a separate administrative tribunal for each State or two or more states .
The law made under this provision may specify the jurisdiction and powers of the Tribunal .
Such a law may exclude jurisdiction of all courts except the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court under Article 136 .
The Presiding Officer of each House or an officer or an officer or a member of Parliament containing the powers to regulate the procedure or conduct of business and to enforce the decision of a House of Parliament ( 2 ) subject to any of these powers .
Constitutional validity of a law can be challenged in India on the ground that no appeal can be made against the decision of the Supreme Court .
It remains the law of the country till its interpretation is reviewed or reversed by the Supreme Court or the law or the Constitution itself is suitably amended .
If an Act of Parliament is set aside by the judiciary the Parliament can re - enact it by removing the reasons for its cancellation .
The Constitution ( 73rd Amendment ) Act 1985 which is commonly called Anti - दलबदल legislation ) has been a matter of controversy since the beginning .
Several writ petitions challenging the validity and constitutionality of the 1985 enactment were also filed in the Supreme Court and various High Courts .
On the request of the government the Supreme Court withdrew and transferred the writ petitions pending before various High Courts .
The Speaker disqualified four of the 20 members on the ground of voluntarily उल्लंघन their party whip.
But the disqualification was to have only भविष्यलक्षी effect from the date of the order .
He suggested that the task of determining disqualification of members under the Tenth Schedule could be entrusted to the judges .
In the Tenth Schedule the definition of both the " legislature party " and the " Original Political Party " has been defined in terms of both conditions : but unfortunately it is unfortunate that the political party has not been defined .
It is important to define the " political party " and decide the terms of its recognition for purposes of दलबदल - दलबदल law .
The judiciary is divided into 5 under Chapter 4 entitled the Judiciary of India and is under the heading High Courts in the states ' and v .
It is however that unlike other federal systems like the United States we do not have separate अधिक्रम of the Union and the state courts .
The jurisdiction of the Supreme Court can also be kept separately in certain other matters such as the water dispute between the States ( article 280 ) the matters entrusted to the Finance Commission ( article 280 ) and certain expenses ( article 29 ) .
Under article 131 no State can claim damages to the Government of India before the Supreme Court .
Moreover in such a dispute brought before the Supreme Court there must be a question of law or fact which depends upon the existence or extent of a legal right .
Under the new article 139 inserted by the 44th Amendment in 1978 the Supreme Court may transfer cases from one or more High Courts - LRB - if they involve questions of law or great importance .
The Supreme Court also transfers cases from one High Court to another in the interest of justice .
The original jurisdiction of the Supreme Court also extends to cases of violation of fundamental rights of individuals and the courts can issue various orders ( writs ) for the enforcement of these rights .
It is a special feature of our Constitution that a person can straightaway approach the highest court in case of violation of his fundamental rights .
The appellate jurisdiction of the Supreme Court extends to civil criminal and constitutional matters .
Taking advantage of the weakening of Aurangzeb ' s death ( औरंगजेब ) the weakening central authority the dissolution of the Mughal Empire and the disturbance of the whole country had gradually emerged as an effective force .
In the battle of Plassey in 1757 against the Nawab of Bengal Siraj - ud - बंगाल it grew stronger and the foundations of British rule in India were laid .
Article में says that the Chief Justice of India shall appoint the President after consultation with the Chief Justice of that State and all judges other than the Chief Justice of that High Court .
In S . C . Gupta ( Union of India AIR 1982 SC 149 ) it was held that all three persons should be given equal importance in the process of consultation .
To be appointed as a judge of the High Court a person must be a citizen of India and must have held a judicial office for at least ten years or ten years .
The President may after consultation with the Chief Justice of India move judges from one High Court to another .
The President may appoint an acting Chief Justice for a High Court .
On need the President may appoint additional and executive judges to the High Court .
On 6 June 1947 the Union Constitution Committee tentatively decided that there should be a strong constitution - building with a strong Centre and three exhaustive lists with residuary powers .
The Committee took a unanimous view that it would not be useful to the country to provide for a weak central authority because such authority could not provide for co - ordination of matters relating to peace and collective interest in the country nor effectively .
In the context of these developments the Drafting Committee decided that India should be called a Union although its Constitution was formulated .
The emphasis on India being a Union was that it was not a result of a contract or agreement between the constituent units but a declaration of the Constituent Assembly deriving its authority from the people of India .
The Parliament can make laws for the whole or any part of India .
Stamp duties on Bills of exchange and duties on medicinal and toilet preparations mentioned in the Union List shall be levied by the Union but collected and appropriated by the States and will be part of their revenues except in the Union territories .
Some taxes and duties included in the Union List collect and collect but their revenues are distributed between the Union and the states .
After the formation of the Finance Commission the President will be issued orders in respect of the distribution of revenues by considering the recommendations of the Commission .
Article 273 - , - provides for three types of सहायताअनुदानों and the circumstances under which the Union can grant .
In lieu of export duty on jute and jute products Assam can provide Union grant to the States of Bihar , Orissa बंगाल and West Bengal ( article 273 ) .
Under article 282 the Union or State may provide grants for any public purpose irrespective of the purpose being beyond the legislative jurisdiction of the Union or the State .
The Act of 1892 was certainly an improved Act than the Act of 1861 since it gave a touch of representation in the Legislative Council and relaxed the restrictions on its work .
In view of this the then Secretary of State for India . Lord Minto and the then Viceroy Lord Minto jointly prepared certain constitutional reforms proposals during 1906 - 07 .
It was intended that the Legislative Councils should be expanded and extended their powers and functions - LRB - b - RRB - to appoint an Indian member in the Administrative Councils - LRB - where such Councils - RRB - do not exist and the local system of development .
Article 290 A provides for certain sums to be paid by the Consolidated Funds of the States of Travancore and Tamil Nadu .
A state can borrow similarly within the limits fixed by the State Legislature .
The Government of India can borrow a state within its borrowing powers or guarantee loans raised by the state .
So long as any such loan is outstanding the State Government cannot borrow any credit without the consent of the Government of India .
Things of value of territorial waters or continental shelf and resources of the exclusive economic zone shall vest in the Union .
The Union and the executive power of each State shall extend to business or business and acquire hold and dispose of property but subject to a law made by article विधानमंडल .
This article obviously is an independent or additional source of executive power apart from article 245 .
During the periods of Emergency extraordinary powers were assumed by the Union Government under several laws and Parliament passed constitutional amendments .
There was a widespread criticism of the misuse of powers particularly during the period of internal emergency .
The general elections which led by Indira Gandhi lost the power of the Congress and made the people the Government .
Thus exercise of President ' s power under Article 356 was brought under judicial review to that extent .
The official language for use as the Official Language of the Union would be the official language of communication between the states and the Union .
However two or more States will be allowed to agree with the use of Hindi for communication between them ( article के ) .
The language of the higher courts and of law until otherwise provided by Parliament by law shall be in the English language .
Moreover all Bills - LRB - amendments - RRB - amendments . Acts - LRB - अध्यादेशों - RRB - के - LRB - विनियमों - RRB - of the Union and the States - RRB - shall be only in English .
But the Governor of a state with the previous consent of the President may authorize the use of Hindi language in the proceedings of that High Court or use any language used for the official purposes of that state ( articles अंग्रेजी and शासकीय ) .
In 1963 Acts it is also stated that in certain cases the Acts of the state shall also be translated into Hindi .
The Act provides for alternative use of Hindi or any other official language such as the Governor having prior consent of the President and an English translation attached to the decision etc .
Language of Public Grievances is an important provision of Article 350 that not only a citizen but every person has the right to remove any grievance from any authority or authority in the Union or in the event of a complaint .
The present condition of the principle of " न्यायालय is that until the decision given in the न्यायालय case does not उलट any full bench of the Supreme Court - it can interfere with any amendment of the Constitution .
They thought that Parliament had no right to revoke an order to build a welfare state and an egalitarian society ( para 32 ) .
Similarly the secular character of the राज्य State cannot be eliminated even .
In the Minerva Mills case the Justice added to the " judicial review " and " balance between the Fundamental Rights and the Directive Principles in the list of basic elements .
But there is a case of disappointment .
The government that gives democracy must have the necessary strength and stability for security oriented development and democracy and those who are supposed to be responsible for governance should be responsible to the people and their representatives .
Our founding fathers were acutely conscious of the colonial colonial rule which neither represented the people nor cared for its aspirations aspirations and needs .
The status and duties of these two institutions were different .
The Committee consisted of a General Assembly or Lok Sabha and composed of smaller and elected bodies निकाय roughly the Upper House in modern legislatures .
Vedic texts provide many indications that these two bodies were closely associated with the affairs of the state and had adequate authority competence mastery and honour .
It is known that some of the important elements of modern parliamentary public opinion such as free discussions and decision - making by a majority still exist .
The decision taken by the majority was considered नहीं which could not be ignored because when many people met in a meeting and speak there with a voice they could not be ignored by others .
In fact the basic principles of the ancient Indian society were that the administration should be combined not with the will of one person but with the aid of पार्षदों - पार्षदों .
The ideal was that the powers of the king were limited by the customs usages and injunctions .
The distinction made by this Act between the executive and legislative functions of the Governor - General ' s Council resulted in a fourth or legislative member and the appointment of the distinguished Lord Macaulay .
Thus we shall find the seeds of a Legislative Council other than the Executive Council in the Act of 1833 although it did not have long been used .
The Charter Act 1853 envisaged a final change in the Governor - General ' s Council .
The fourth or legislative member of the Council was given equal status to other members by the right to attend and vote at executive meetings .
At the same time a council was expanded for legislative purposes by involving six special members of the Council .
Thus apart from the above - mentioned Governor - General and the Commander - in - Chief the Council constituted under the Act of 1853 was twelve members .
When the council acted as a legislative body the discussion was not written but oral ; the Bills were sent to the Select Committees instead of sending a member to the public accounts were published instead of being confidential .
The new council has not been constituted by law but as in the case of the संसद - 1918 report ( 1918 - 22 ) it began a small meeting to look into and remove members of Parliament .
The Indian Councils Act of 1861 : The object of the Act was to provide better arrangement for the constitution of a Council of the Governors and the local government in many provinces .
To facilitate the expansion of the Governor - General ' s Legislative Council it provided that it would consist of at least ten and more than sixteen members ; the first arrangement was to consist of at least six more .
Similarly the number of additional members of the Provincial Legislative Councils was also increased .
The regulations under which additional members were nominated were prescribed that certain non - official persons should be nominated on the recommendation of recognised bodies or bodies representing particular interest .
The Governor - General ' s Legislative Council - LRB - विधान or the Indian Legislative Council - RRB - comprising five and additional members of which four were nominated by the non - official members of the provincial councils and one by the Calcutta Chamber .
Though the term was not deliberately used it was recommended by the non - official members of the provincial council and sent their nominees to the Central Council an indirect sign of indirect acceptance .
Members of the Legislative Council were also empowered to ask questions and to seek information on important matters .
Such a right which is a statutory right of any legislature is sometimes exercised at that time but this right is acquired is a positive step in the direction of the parliamentary institution .
A new era in the life of the council began with the entry of elected members .
Broadly speaking the Indian legislature had no power to amend or repeal any parliamentary law relating to British India or to प्राधिकार the authority of the British Parliament .
Under the Act it was also expected that the exclusive sanction of the Governor - General with effect on certain important matters could be moved in either House of India .
In addition to his present power of विधेयक any Bill passed by the Legislature or to place it to His Highness ' s will the Governor - General was empowered to make such legislation as a means of peace or security for British India .
The Governor - General maintained the power of the Governor - General to promulgate Ordinances for peace and stability of British India .
Similarly in matters relating to finance though the Assembly was empowered to sanction or refuse to accept or accept any grant - in - aid or to reduce it by the Governor - General .
Thus under the Act of 1919 the Indian Legislature was a quasi - judicial body and the administrative machinery was powerless before the Executive in all spheres of governmental activities in legislative and financial matters .
However with the setting up of the Dominion Legislature the task of creating a sovereign legislation was not in the hands of the Governor - General .
The body had now to function as a Cabinet and submit financial and legislative proposals of the government to the Legislature presided over by non - official President .
The legislative activity was greatly increased and several legislations which gave permanent benefit to the country were enacted .
Except for certain reserved heads of expenditure the budget had to be accepted and the government had to face great difficulties in case of denial of supplies and services by the House or rejecting the entire budget .
Each member of the Rajya Sabha has a length of six years but as far as possible one - third of its members retire every second year from the date on which the office of members of the Government of India is notified .
Vice President - President who is elected by members of both Houses of Parliament is the ex officio Chairman of Rajya Sabha whereas a Deputy Chairman is elected by members of Rajya Sabha from amongst themselves .
Lok Sabha : The other House is the House of Representatives .
It is chosen directly by the public .
A citizen of India who is 18 years of age and is entitled to vote in elections to Lok Sabha - LRB - b - RRB - if not otherwise disqualified under law .
The Constitution provides that not more than one member of the Lok Sabha shall be elected directly from the territorial constituencies in the States and not more than 20 members shall be elected in a manner provided by Parliament .
Moreover the President may nominate not more than two members to represent the Anglo - Indian community .
Until 2000 there will be no change in the number of places in the Lok Sabha ( article 81 ) Lok Sabha seats are reserved for Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes .
If the executive has an unlimited right to formulate legislative and financial proposals and place them before the Parliament and to carry out the agreed policies without any resistance to it the Parliament has unlimited power to issue notices and issue notices to the Parliament .
The executive and administration are responsible to the Parliament .
The function of Parliament is to exercise political and financial control over the Executive and ensure parliamentary surveillance of administration .
Parliament has the power to make laws regulating the constitution of courts - the organisation jurisdiction and judiciary .
The Constitution laid down that the number of judges other than the Chief Justice would not exceed seven .
But Parliament was empowered to determine a large number of judges by law .
Under this provision the Parliament ( iii ) passed the Supreme Court ( number of Judges ) Act to increase the number of other judges and subsequently by several amendments of the Act .
Thus at present the number of judges of the Supreme Court including the Chief Justice is 26 .
For each state there is a High Court consisting of Chief Justice and such other judges as the President may deem necessary to appoint from time to time .
There are many authorities who interpret the Constitution almost every day in the discharge of their functions .
The basic function of the Courts is to adjudicate controversies between individuals and the states between one state and another and between the states and while के the Courts may be required to interpret the Constitution and laws .
And the interpretation given by the Supreme Court becomes a law which is considered by all courts in the country .
There is no appeal against the judgement of the Supreme Court .
It remains in the form of law of the country unless the Supreme Court itself reviewed or altered or amended it or may not make suitable amendments to the law or the Constitution .
If an Act of the Parliament is set aside by the Judiciary the Parliament shall by removing such defects as may have been set aside.
The Parliament of India is not as supreme as the British Parliament where judicial review of legislation is not permissible .
At the same time the Indian judiciary is not as supreme as that of the United States where there is no limit for judicial review .
The Parliament of India represents the views of all constitutionally organised people at the national level and occupies a very important place in the political system of the country .
It embodies and combines the sovereignty of the people ; it is the voice and mirror of the nation .
As elected representatives of the people the MPs express grievances and opinions on various matters of people in the Houses of Parliament investigate and make laws .
The Parliament functions as a watchdog and watchdog body .
प्रदेश Region 18 14
Significant occasions for administrative review have been found during discussions on the Motion of Thanks on President 's Address प्रशासनिक Budget demands and special aspects of governmental policy and situations.
The Parliament gets information from various sources of information in a variety of ways but the Government is the largest source of information and therefore depends heavily on the government departments for its information needs .
The Parliament has the right to be informed : except that if any information is adversely affected by the importance of national interest or the security of the state it cannot be insisted .
As far as the activities of the Government are concerned it is the duty of the Government itself to provide complete and accurate information to the Parliament from time to time .
It is made available by ministers to make statements in the House by placing reports and letters on the Table of the House or by placing documents in the Parliament Library .
All the above information is important and can be immediately published and used to raise discussions in the House .
The most popular and effective means by which members themselves obtain information is the question being asked in the Houses of Parliament .
It has been rightly said that during the Question Hour in Parliament every department of the vast administrative set - up has a close scrutiny.
से through supplementary questions seeking information which are so asked to expose the shortcomings of the administration - LRB - b - RRB - is a severe test of ministers .
से and discussions bring about the tensions and समाज within the society .
The Parliament becomes a legitimate arena for sovereign power struggle for गतिविधि political activity or for acting out conflicting roles and with parliamentary rules and procedures facilitating eventual settlement .
Instead of fighting to annihilate each other the parties agree to disagree and to accommodate one or the other .
In performing this role of conflict resolution the parliamentary institution functions as a great institution of national integrity and mediation .
In the context of our multi - faceted society the role of Parliament in resolving conflicts and bringing unity is particularly important .
In addition to the role played by formal parliamentary forums and parliamentary procedures the Central Hall of the Parliament House is an institution in itself .
Here the Parliament secrets of all parts of the country whether it is their caste creed area or religion ; they meet informally and discuss problems affecting the whole country in individual or groups .
This creates a sense of national unity which cannot be created elsewhere .
Even members who have पृथकतावादी or regional views prior to entering the Central Hall begin to realise themselves as citizens of the same country .
Every citizen has the right to vote who has attained the age of 18 years or more irrespective of religion sex or place .
1 . In addition to the legislatures of the two Houses of Parliament and the legislatures of the legislatures of Parliament the Vice - President and the Vice President of India also election for higher posts .
The Election Commission consists of the Chief Election Commissioner and such other Election Commissioners to be appointed by the President.
In October 1993 two Election Commissioners were appointed under an ordinance which were given the same status and status to the Chief Election Commissioner .
Moreover the कर Commission was required to act as a body and take decisions unanimously or by majority.
( f ) he is disqualified on the basis of change of party .
Apart from the above mentioned requirements certain safeguards have also been prescribed in the electoral laws .
Under the Public Leadership Act 1951 1951 if any person has been convicted to promote enmity between different communities or to be punished for crime of घूस or घूस as a member .
Moreover a person convicted for any offence punishable with imprisonment for at least two years being convicted for a period of five years after his release.
The official servant dismissed for corruption or for non - loyalty to the state is disqualified for a period of five years from the date of dismissal .
Rajya Sabha : Members of Rajya Sabha represents the people of the States and Union Territories .
They are elected through an indirect election system and in accordance with the system of proportional representation by single transferable vote.
When the Chairman and the Speaker of the Rajya Sabha agrees on that proposal the Secretaries - General of the two Houses obtain orders of the President to summon the Houses on the date and time specified .
They notify the President 's order in the Gazette Extraordinary and issue a हैं
Thereafter the Secretary - General is sent to each House .
4 The session of Parliament is generally three session of Parliament every year such as the Budget Session ( February - May ) the monsoon session ( July - September and winter ) .
However in the case of the Rajya Sabha the राजय Budget Session is split into two sessions each with a three to four week recess between them . Thus there are four sessions .
When the Lok Sabha is invited for the first time after a temporary election the President appoints a member of the Lok Sabha to appoint a Speaker .
Normally the senior - most member is chosen for this .
The Speaker presides over the House to enable the new members to take oath etc. and elect their Speaker .
President 's Address after the newly - elected members have taken oath or affirmation and the Speaker has been elected President addresses both the Houses of Parliament assembled together in the Central Hall of the Parliament House.
The President also addresses both Houses assembled together at the commencement of the first session of each year .
The President arrives at the Parliament House in the State Coach or in the car where he is received by the Chairman Rajya Sabha Vice - President the Speaker of the Lok Sabha the Minister of Parliamentary Affairs and the Secretary - General of the two Houses .
Then they are taken to the Central Hall of the high - domed Parliament House by a red - कालीन route in the जुलूस procession .
After the National Anthem is played the President reads .
The Address contains a statement of policies and programmes that the government proposes to implement in the coming year .
Being a statement of policy of the government the Address is drafted by the government .
Half an hour after the President ' s Address both the Houses meet in their respective Chambers where copies of the President ' s Address are placed on the Table of the House by the Secretary General .
The President ' s Address is discussed in both the Houses on a Motion of Thanks offered by one member in each House .
5 The discussion on the Address is widely discussed and highlights any one or all aspects of administration.
Members can speak on national and international problems .
The amendments to the Request for Thanks may be discussed on matters which do not specifically mention in the address .
The only limit during the discussion is that members cannot refer to cases for which the Government of India is not directly responsible and the name of the President cannot be mentioned during the debate .
At the end of the discussion a dispute over the President ' s Address is generally answered by the Prime Minister .
7 . After the Prime Minister ' s reply निबटाया amendments are disposed of and thanks are moved to the vote of the House .
On passing the proposal the President is informed by the Speaker through a letter to him .
The President after receiving the suggestion of लोक by the Deputy Speaker of the Lok Sabha approves the date for the election of the Speaker .
Thereafter the Secretary - General puts a notice of that date to every member .
10 A notice of motion for election of a candidate elected by the ruling party is given by the Prime Minister or the Minister of Parliamentary Affairs .
All the notices which are found in order of the motion are entered in the order of the motion in which they are received from time to time .
On the day fixed for the election the member in whose name the motion stands for the List is asked to move the motion .
He may withdraw the offer .
The motions which are moved and duly seconded are put to vote in the House by one in the order in which they are moved .
Whenever a proposal becomes valid the Speaker of the House declares open the Speaker to the Chair without putting other motions to vote that the member in the approved motion has been moved by the Speaker of the House.
But if any member at any time raises a question of the paucity of quorum the proceedings would be कार्यवाही and if the proceedings of the House become गणपूर्ति .
The procedure for voting may be decided on a question by a member on a motion made by him .
In most cases the decision is taken by a sound vote if not a sound vote is given in relation to a question the Speaker orders that the tribunal should be emptied .
After nearly three and a half minutes the Speaker puts a second opinion on the question and declares whether in his opinion the जीत or the पक्ष have won .
If the opinion so declared is again challenged the Speaker directs that either by running the automatic vote recorder or by using the " or " सदन slips in the House .
The practice of going into लाबियों for the purpose of recording votes is no longer in vogue for many years .
Now when a division is ordered by the Speaker division bells ring normally for three and half minutes .
Immediately after the bells stop ringing all the outer doors of the inner चैंबर of the , Chamber are closed so that no one can enter until the division is completed .
Under the automatic vote recorder system each member casts his vote by pressing the requisite button from the seat allotted to him .
The same Push button is set on each member ' s seat : a हरे and three Push button of green colour button with a काले and a black button .
The final authority in all matters relating to the House and within the House is vested in him .
Independence and impartiality are the two important attributes of office .
His place is larger than all the ministers of the prime minister except that of the prime minister .
His salary and allowances are charged on the Consolidated Fund of India - that is they do not require parliamentary approval .
His conduct cannot be discussed except on substantive motion .
He does not vote in the House except when there is a vote on both sides on a motion .
It is always done according to established parliamentary principles and conventions when it is a common vote .
When elected he withdraws himself from all the activities of his party .
He does not hold the post of a party ; he does not participate in any party meetings or activities ; he is away from political controversies and campaigns .
It performs these functions in accordance with the provisions of the Constitution and the Rules of Procedure and Conduct of Business in Lok Sabha .
In all parliamentary matters his decision is final .
The residuary powers of reference to cases which are not specifically provided in the Rules are vested with the Speaker .
While doing so he may ask a member or the government to provide facts and information which he thinks necessary to arrive at a decision .
The Speaker has powers to govern the functioning of the House in a peaceful and orderly manner .
He can order a member to discontinue his speech or to withdraw words or expressions which may be अभद्र or vulgar .
He can also order that without his permission anything said by a member shall not be incorporated in the proceedings and that anything found असंसदीय may be excluded from the proceedings .
8 . The words or parts of the speech that have been ordered to be deleted from the record and not published by the Press as a result of the speeches and not being published by other people .
As a result of chaos in the House the Speaker may ask a member to withdraw from the House for a day or for any part of the day or offer a suitable motion for spreading extreme disorder .
It is the Speaker ' s duty to keep all members under discipline and to take appropriate care with them and to agree to their responsibilities and obligations .
Whenever he speaks in the middle or rises in order to propose questions or to put questions to vote . or give some comments or rulings he must be heard from peace .
It is also held by the Speaker whether a prima facie case becomes a matter relating to a breach of privilege or contempt of the House or a matter of conduct of a member should be referred to a Committee for investigation .
No further action is taken if he does not give his consent .
The Speaker also protects the honour of individuals from the statements made by आरोपात्मक सदन or करने in the House and may prevent a member from making such statements if they are based on the evidence or the nature of the statement .
The Speaker has to be responsive to the atmosphere in the House .
He reports the decision of the House to the authorities concerned and tells them that such decisions should be followed .
All Parliamentary Committees in the Lok Sabha are constituted by it or by the House .
They act under her control and are self - controlled .
The Business Advisory Committee . functions under the Chairmanship of the General Purposes Committee and the Rules Committee directly .
It determines the financial matters which fall within the exclusive jurisdiction of the Lok Sabha .
If he certifies that a Bill is a wealthy Bill his decision is final .
13 In case of disagreement between the two Houses on a Bill whenever a joint sitting of the two Houses is called he presides over such a joint - sitting and all the Rules of Procedure are applicable to its directions and orders .
It is a privilege to break down the privilege of its impartiality professionalism character or behaviour .
It is necessary to safeguard and retain the dignity of the House if a member of the Lok Sabha is arrested in any offence - LRB - b - RRB - or a sentence of imprisonment - LRB - कार्यपालिका - RRB - or the executive .
Such information is essential even in the event of the release of a member .
Without obtaining permission from the Speaker no person can be arrested in the premises of the House nor can any legal process be served against him .
The Speaker is the Vice - President of the Indian Parliamentary Group which functions as the National Group of the Inter - Parliamentary Union in India and the Main Branch of the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association .
He often leads such प्रतिनिधिमंडलों himself .
Chairman is also the Chairman of the Conference of Presiding Officers of Legislative Bodies in India .
The Lok Sabha Secretariat functions under the direction and control of the Speaker .
Questions asking for non - governmental members may also be asked to a non - official member if the subject matter of that question relates to a Bill or a Resolution or any other matter to which he is a member .
14 Such questions are sometimes asked in the Lok Sabha and may not be asked even after the session has passed.
A short notice question cannot be asked by a non - official member .
Half - an - hour Discussion on matters arising out of a question already answered in the House , Half - an - hour Discussion in the Lok Sabha on three days in a week - LRB - Monday बुधवार Wednesday and Friday - RRB -.
Such discussions may be held in the Rajya Sabha on a day allotted to it generally at 5 p . m .
The subject matter of such a discussion should be of sufficient public importance which has been the subject matter of any recent starred अतारांकित or का question and the answer must be explained .
In his notice the member is required to mention the issue or issues he wants to lift .
For a day ' s meeting a half - hour discussion is considered .
Moreover in the House of Representatives a week there is only one discussion in the name of a member and no member can raise more than two discussions at the same session .
The time taken for more than 32 minutes in the Eighth Lok Sabha .
But the situation changed sharply during the short - lived Ninth Lok Sabha when Speaker Rabi Ray decided to regularise and विरुद्ध the illegitimate child .
The result was that it often lasted more than one hour .
In fact sometimes it lasted two hours or even more so that the ministers and members sitting in wait for the necessary concerted action of the House were खीज .
Nobody can say what happens during this period or what kind of attack the government can rise .
This name of the press was given in the early years of 1960 and 1970 when the practice of raising matters of urgent public importance without prior notice developed .
As soon as the Question Hour is over the members are on their feet to raise matters which they feel cannot be delayed - even though there is no provision in the rules to raise the matter.
It seems that this practice has been followed by a similar idea that rules which impede members in matters of national importance or in matters of serious grievances in the House with no immediate concern and concern for the people .
For example some subjects are given below for example the adjournment motion was admitted and discussed .
Death of eight people and a large number of state patients due to artificial alcohol consumption in Delhi ;
The Qutub Minar tragedy in which 45 people were killed ;
If objection to leave being granted would be taken by the Speaker in favour of allowing the members who are in favour of the leave to rise in their seats and if at least fifty members stand accordingly he will declare that the permission is granted.
The discussion on an admitted adjournment motion normally begins at ढाई hours and lasts for two and a half hours between 18.30 and म .
It begins by the mover for a motion that the House is now present .
After the mover and the other members have spoken on the motion the minister says and at the end the mover has a right to reply to the discussion .
Through the process of Calling Attention the Parliament may keep the Government alert ; in any particular case of general importance the government may demand elucidation and create such a situation in which the government issues or takes action .
It is a brief and immediate solution to raise an important issue - to discuss it and arrive at a conclusion where the members of the Information Group have arrived at a formal or specific resolution without a complaint .
All over the house becomes a atmosphere of passion and each member may interpret the short discussion as he thinks and reach the conclusion .
There was no provision for such discussions before 1953 .
Adjournment motion being in the nature of a censure motion could not be used again .
A convention therefore was established in 1953 whereby members could raise short - term discussions on such matters .
To raise such discussions a member has to give notice to the Secretary - General specifying briefly the cause of the case .
Such notice should also be signed by at least two other members of Parliament .
The member proposing the proposal becomes such a form as he wants the House to accept it .
Generally the proposal of the Central Government is a proposal to obtain approval of the House for a policy or action .
Motions moved by non - official members on the other hand generally tend to elicit the opinion or opinion of the government on a matter .
Though motions relate to the various proceedings of the House they may be put in three main categories : i . e . the original ( सब्सटेंटिव ) substitute ( सदन ) proposal and the सदन ( सदन ) proposals .
13 . A substantive motion is a fundamental motion in itself an independent motion moved for the approval of the House and designed in such a way as to give expression to the decision of the House .
14 It is neither dependent on any other proposal nor arises by any other proposal .
के to President ' s Address the adjournment motion on any matter of public importance is an adjournment motion on a matter of लोक no - confidence motion . Speaker of Lok Sabha or a Deputy Chairman of Rajya Sabha and all resolutions are substantive proposals .
Besides the Constitution provides for impeachment of the President which can be run by a substantive motion made in appropriate terms .
Amendment can be made not only in motions resolutions or parts of a Bill but also in the clause of a Bill amendments to the Resolution or the amendment to the motion .
Amendments are moved during the course of a debate and if accepted the original question is revised .
It is to be noted that the purpose of the substitute motion is also to bring a different proposition before the House as an alternative to the original question but it is different from the amendments that it modifies the whole proposition .
Notice of motion like any other notice is given to the Secretary General .
No period is prescribed for information of 20 proposals .
21 . Further in the matter of the motion - LRB - as in the case of questions - RRB - there should be no व्यंग्यपूर्ण पद statements or charges with other things and no matter should be raised by it .
A proposal which has been accepted by the Speaker on a fixed day is called a motion with no day fixed for discussion .
These are placed before the Business Advisory Committee which selects proposals for discussion in the House and sets time for determining how twenty - three motions are moved : the appointed day for the motion and the motion for the motion .
But there is a difference .
All resolutions come under the category of substantive motions ; each resolution is a specific kind of proposal .
Moreover all motions are not necessarily put to vote of the House whereas all the resolutions are required to be voted .
Various types of resolution motions are categorised in such a way : resolutions of non - official members government resolutions and statutory resolutions .
( are ) Resolutions moved by non - official members .
In fact they provide opportunities to the Government to know the views of the House about proposals which are still indefinite or may be public .
A member who wants to move a resolution has to inform the Secretary - General of his wish .
There is no definite rule on the question of resignation by the Government .
It is only a rough proposition that if the government is considered to be an important matter or preferred by the Opposition on a particular resolution of no - confidence adopted by the House the dissolution of the House is expected to part .
A no - confidence motion holds confidence in the Lok Sabha until it holds office .
To find out this belief there is a provision for a motion in the , Rules which is called a no - confidence motion .
There is no express provision in the Constitution regarding the individual responsibility of a minister in his department for doing or not doing anything .
It is a collective responsibility .
Therefore a resolution expressing the lack of faith in the whole council of ministers is admitted and no resolution expressing individual belief in a minister is in law .
37 The unequal निंदा of a censure motion is not necessary to give reasons .
No terms of admissibility in the rules are prescribed to the Speaker to determine whether a motion is in order or not if the Speaker feels that the motion is passed by him he would ask the Speaker to leave the floor of the house if he is permitted .
Otherwise it is understood that the member was not allowed to the House .
A motion of no - confidence once admitted has to be taken up within ten days from the date of sanction .
After ascertaining the opinion of the government the Speaker determines whether the proposal is discussed at any day .
If the Government so desires the discussion can be started at the same time .
Time is generally decided on the recommendation of the Business Advisory Committee .
When members speak they usually answer charges levelled against the government .
The mover has a right to reply .
When the debate is concluded the Speaker puts the question forthwith and decides the decision of the House by oral vote or split if sought by it .
Under the scheme included in this statement the partition of the country was accepted .
According to this statement the Constitution framed by the existing Constituent Assembly could not be imposed on unwilling areas .
The real outcome and effect of this whole plan was to divide India into India and Pakistan .
According to the Indian Independence Act on August 14 - 15 two provinces of India and Pakistan were formed .
The Constitution is formed by a constitution - making body of a constituent assembly a sovereign democratic nation .
( A ) The Budget is presented in our Parliament in two parts : i . e . a railway budget and a general budget .
The basic idea behind presenting a separate budget for the railways is to secure stability in civil estimates by providing assured contribution by the railways .
The Railway Budget is presented to the Lok Sabha by the Minister of Railways in the third week of February every year and the General Budget Finance is presented to the last working day of the month at 5 o 'clock .
While presenting the budget a Budget speech is actually one of the most important speeches in Parliament .
This speech occurs in two parts : " A " general economic survey of the country and Part B contains " taxation proposals for the ensuing financial year .
At the end of the speech of the Finance Minister in the Lok Sabha a copy of the Budget is placed on the Table of the Rajya Sabha .
Immediately thereafter the Minister introduces a Bill containing the taxation proposals of the government .
( A ) Discussion on the Budget is an important advisory body .
In the process of passing the Budget there is a serious and complete discussion between the two Houses of Parliament .
A few days after the budget is presented .
This allows members to fully study the text of the budget and meet the time required for considering financial proposals .
Budget is discussed in two stages i General discussions and then in detail on demands for grants and voting .
Also the opportunity of पर on various financial proposals arises during consideration and passing of Appropriation Bill and Finance Bill .
( A ) General discussion begins with a general debate on the Budget which takes place in both the Houses of Parliament for three or four days .
First at this stage members consider the general aspects of fiscal and economic policies of the government and do not go into details of taxation and expenditure .
Thus a general debate allows every House to express its views .
Then the Government becomes aware of the procedure in the later stages of a particular proposal .
It is to be noted that in accordance with the power conferred by the Rajya Sabha it does not matter with the budget except with the general discussion .
( 2 ) Discussion on demands for grants - in - aid in the second stage discussions and voting on demands for grants .
Generally speaking separate demands are made for the grants offered by each ministry .
This demands relate to a part of the budget expenditure and are in the nature of request made by the Executive to the Lok Sabha to pay the amount demanded .
Demands are to be moved in the form of a motion but in practice they are accepted ; they are offered by the Chair to save the time of the House .
The demands are discussed and the policy and functioning of the ministry is examined in depth .
Time is allotted to each ministry for discussing demands .
The members can disapprove of the policy of the ministry or suggest measures for economy in the administration or to focus on specific local grievances .
The members can do so by presenting a subsidiary motion to the basic motion for demands for grants .
These subsidiary motions are called ' Cut ' in parliamentary language .
The Business Advisory Committee fixes a limit from time to time to sanction all demands for grants including a particular demand and a budget .
As the time limit for demand arises the process of winding up the discussion is applied and the demand is placed to vote .
Similarly on the last day allotted to all the demands for which the demands have not been disposed of by the time being disposed of are kept for voting whether or not they have been discussed .
This process is called the गिलोटिन .
With this a discussion on demands for grants ended .
The experience that scrutiny by permanent committees relating to departments revealed that every year prior to the enforcement of the गिलोटिन only a handful of ministries or three ministries could never be discussed in the House on the Demands for Grants and other Government .
The seventeen Standing Committees of the Parliament established with other functions have been entrusted with the responsibility of considering the Demands for Grants of the respective Ministries and Departments and reporting to the House before voting on demand .
After the 1994 - 95 demands were presented to Parliament both the Houses were adjourned for a month to examine them and discuss them .
During the 1994 budget session these committees presented 48 reports on the demand for grants of 1994 - 95 .
( c ) Appropriation Bills.
This Bill means that the Government has a statutory right to exercise expenditure from the Consolidated Fund as is evident from its name .
The method of considering and passing an Appropriation Bill is the same in the case of any other Bill except that a dispute is confined to cases where no amendments have been made nor discussed during the debate .
After the Bill is passed by the Lok Sabha the Speaker certifies it as a Money Bill and is sent to the Rajya Sabha .
The Rajya Sabha has no power to amend or reject a Bill and has to give its consent to the Bill .
Thereafter the Bill is presented to the President for his assent .
( d ) Finance Bills : All the financial proposals of the government for the coming year are included in a Bill called Finance Bill ; this Bill is ordinarily introduced in the Lok Sabha after the budget is presented every year .
The Bills are discussed on matters concerning general administration and local grievances to the Union Government .
While the Government ' s policy is generally enough to criticise details of certain estimates cannot be discussed .
In short the whole administration is revised but questions already discussed cannot be discussed .
After the Bill has been introduced it must be discussed and passed by Parliament within 75 days and assented to by the President .
Vote on Account In a democratic set - up the government endeavours to give full opportunity to Parliament to discuss the provisions of the budget and the taxes proposals .
The procedure for passing the Budget is followed by the presentation of the Budget and bringing into consideration the demands for grants and adopting Appropriation and Finance Bills and generally goes beyond the commencement of the current financial year .
So long as the Parliament does not approve of the demands it is necessary that the Government has enough money to carry out the administration of the country .
Therefore a special provision has been made for vote on account whereby the Lok Sabha has been empowered to grant an advance for one part of the financial year until completion of the budget process .
During an election year if such anticipate that the House takes more than two months from the main demand and the Appropriation Bill a vote on account may be taken for a longer period i. e. three or four months .
According to custom vote on account is considered a formality and Lok Sabha passes without discussion .
Vote on account is passed on a general discussion on the budget and discussion on demands for grants is still started .
In case of railway budget which is passed before 31 March no vote on vote is accepted but if necessary a vote may be taken in the election year .
The demands for supplementary and additional grants cannot be spent without the sanction of excess amounts paid by Parliament .
If the amount sanctioned for any specific service is found insufficient for the purposes of that year or a new service which is not envisaged in the budget of that year the President may draw the necessary amount of supplementary or extra expenditure .
if any
All such cases of expenditure are brought into the notice of the Parliament by the Comptroller and Auditor General through his report on the Appropriation Accounts .
The cases of extra expenditure are then examined by the Public Accounts Committee which makes recommendations on regularisation in its report to the House .
Supplementary Demands for Grants are moved to the House before the end of the financial year and the demands for additional grants are actually met after the expenditure actually incurred and the financial year is referred to .
Formulation of a legislative procedure ( a ) Constitution of Bills relating to ordinary Bills as soon as a legislative proposal is proposed the ministry concerned finds what its political powers administrative finances and other consequences could be .
If other ministries or the state governments are also concerned they are consulted .
Professionals and various interest groups such as business labour agriculture and industry associations if considered necessary are also consulted .
Thereafter the Bill is examined in detail by the administrative ministry in consultation with all concerned authorities and given final shape .
After this whole process the Bill is ready to be brought before the House .
It can be moved by the minister concerned either in the Houses of Parliament .
To permit a Bill to be produced a minister has to furnish seven days with such notice two copies duly corrected by a Bill are sent to the Secretary - General of the House where a Bill is to be moved .
After the Bill is found to be complete in all respects by the Secretariat it is included in the List of Business on a date fixed by the Speaker or Chairman as the case may be .
Normally copies of the Bill should be made available to members at least two days prior to that date .
( 2 ) Before taking into consideration the Bill passes through various stages in Parliament .
Each Bill undergoes three readings in each House i. e. First Reading Second Reading and Third Reading .
( A ) First Reading is a necessity for the permission of the House to introduce a Bill .
After the Question Hour on the appointed day the minister incharge of the Bill on being called upon by the Speaker rises in his seat and says Sir , " .
The minister stands up and says : " I . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Generally speaking a Bill is the first read of a Bill which is not negotiated and is not discussed in accordance with custom .
But if a motion for presenting a Bill is opposed on the ground that the proposed legislation is outside the legislative competence of the Parliament the Chair may permit a full discussion in which the Attorney General may participate.
After that the question is put to vote of the House .
How many Bills can be introduced in a day without any restriction on them a minister can introduce a Bill .
A Bill can be published in the Official Gazette even before it is introduced.
These are ad hoc Committees which are appointed to consider particular Bills to be specified .
Bills may now be referred to new Joint Standing Committees on either House or its Presiding Officers in respect of each Bill .
Revision of blocks can be initiated by the members of the committee .
The Committee can also take evidence of experts associations or government bodies interested in that legislation .
The procedure to consider a Bill in Committees is the same as in the House .
After the committee takes into consideration the various segments schedules schedules etc. and accepted the सभा Lok Sabha Secretariat prepares a report for presentation to the House or to the Houses .
To know that if a proposal to operate a Bill is proposed to be circulated the Secretariat of the House sending letters to all the State Governments and Union Territories to the opinion that they should invite local bodies such as the Bill .
While reference to the period of eliciting opinion is ordinarily made on the motion to move the Bill the state governments are asked to pass discussions within three months from the date of approval of the proposal .
On receipt of opinion they are placed on the Table of the House after which a motion for specifying a Select / Joint Committee of the Bill is moved .
Normally it is not permissible to move a motion to consider a Bill at this stage .
But since the President is a constitutional head the President who has to act on the advice of the Council of Ministers ordinarily he will not leave his ministers and he may ask for further consideration .
President . Singh in case of the Postal Bill and President Venkataraman did presumably in case of a Bill seeking to give pension to Members of Parliament after just one year of service .
If the President gives permission the Bill becomes an Act from the date of his assent .
Instead of refusing or giving his assent he may return the Bill with a message that both the Houses consider it .
But if the Houses pass the Bill by amending or without amendments and the Bill is presented again to the President for his assent he shall not have the power to withhold his assent to the Bill .
However a Bill is not considered a Money Bill merely because it provides for a fee for licence or a fee for service rendered or payment thereof or may be provided by a local authority or authority for any purpose .
It is important to remember that if a question arises as to whether a Bill is a Money Bill the decision of the Speaker shall be final .
A special process about the money bill can not be introduced in the Rajya Sabha .
He can be introduced only in the Lok Sabha on the recommendation of the President .
After the Money Bill has been passed by the Lok Sabha it is sent to the House for the recommendations of the Rajya Sabha .
The Parliament can approve or निरनुमोदन such a resolution or take no action on it .
The Constitution does not provide for such a time limit that states must inform the Constitution ( Amendment ) Bill for this purpose .
The Bills of Non - Government Members have also been enacted by the members of Parliament to give an opportunity to the people to their views on various matters of public importance and to persuade the Government to agree to programmes and policies .
A discussion on Bills initiated by non - official members affords an opportunity to the House to understand problems and to discuss all their aspects .
The law of a non - official member may be passed or not in the end but by discussing it the government becomes aware of all shades of votes in the House .
The purpose of focusing the attention of the Government and the people on the specific proposals made in the Bill is proved .
The government takes a policy decision on the subject of the Bill and presents its views before the House .
It is obvious that the framers of the Constitution had made it natural for the existence of parliamentary committees and left to the Houses to provide for them in their Rules .
Under the rules of the Lok Sabha each such Committee is not the Parliamentary Committee suo के to be composed of members of Parliament .
In fact the संसद Consultative Committees do not report to anybody but merely provide a forum for informal exchange of views between MPs and ministers interested in their departments.
Thus they are not Parliamentary Committees .
Types of Committees There are two types of Parliamentary Committees in India ( i . e . Standing Committees and ii ad hoc Committees .
Standing Committees are those Committees which are elected by the House every year or on time nominated by the Speaker or Chairman and duly constituted by the House on specific matters appointed by the Speaker or by the Speaker .
Standing Committees : Standing Committees.
The objective of their recommendations is to keep the administration wary of relying on these policies and programmes operational by economy to function faster and faster .
Reports of these Committees have earned them considerable respect from all sections of the society both official and non - official .
Every recommendation is carefully analysed and the administration always endeavours to remove the faults and shortcomings brought by the Committees and to act as per the recommendations made by the Committees .
The financial committees have developed adequate procedures to ensure that the government makes due consideration to their recommendations and that the committees should not be entertained .
The progress made in the implementation of the recommendations and the differences in committees and in the Government are brought to the notice of the House by way of Action Taken report made .
The elaborate and effective procedure for follow - up of the recommendations made by these Committees is essentially an Indian innovation to parliamentary procedures prevalent elsewhere .
The three Financial Committees are elected by the House for one another .
Ministers can neither become members of these Committees nor can they be asked to appear before them for evidence .
Their Chairmen are nominated by the Speaker .
संसदीय Enquiry Committees . In Parliamentary democracy लोगों as we have here have the inherent right of the people to submit petitions to Parliament with a view to providing grievances and seeking redressal thereof and constructive suggestions on matters of public importance .
This right is exercised through the Committee on Petitions .
Each House has a petition committee .
The Committee has 15 members in the Lok Sabha and 10 members in the Rajya Sabha .
The function of the Committee on Petitions is to examine every petition referred to the Committee after presentation to the House .
The Committee reports to the House on specific complaints made in the petitions after taking such evidence as he thinks fit .
The Committee suggests remedial measures either in a particular case under review or in a general way to prevent such cases in the future .
The Committee also considers representations including letters and telegrams received from various individuals and associations which are not covered by the rules relating to petitions and gives directions for their proper settlement .
The Committee has already made significant work in providing parliamentary support to the masses in the matter of redressal of their legitimate grievances .
It has proved to be a real aid to the victims of sub - उप and . who have no remedy or relief elsewhere .
The Committee has 15 members in the Lok Sabha and has 10 members in the Rajya Sabha .
To ensure that the administration has exercised effective and continuous control over the possibility of misuse of such power ; each House of the House has its own Committee on Subordinate Legislation .
Each House consists of 15 members nominated by the Speaker / Chairman .
Normally the , committee is reconstituted every year .
The Committee examines them whether suitable provisions have been made to place their rules or orders on the Table of the House .
If the Committee concludes that the provisions made in the Bill delegated to delegated powers should be revoked or amended or if any amendments thereto they may report to the House before the consideration of the Bill is initiated .
The Committee consists of 30 members - LRB - 20 Lok Sabha - RRB - and 10 from the Rajya Sabha and these members are elected by different Houses of Parliament from amongst their members .
The main functions of the Committee are to consider the reports of the Commissioner of the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes and report to Parliament the measures taken or required by the government .
The Committee also ensures that constitutional safeguards are implemented effectively for these backward communities .
( six ) Committees which provide services are a few of the Committees of Parliament to examine the various kinds of facilities and services and other matters relating to the functioning of members of both the Houses of Parliament .
They are: General Purposes Committee , House Committee संसद Library Committee and Members of Parliament.
General Purposes Committee : Each House has a General Purposes Committee .
The Presiding Officer of the concerned House is the ex officio Chairman of the Committee .
The Committee also has a position like the Deputy Speaker or Deputy Chairman . a member of the Table . Chairmen of all the Standing Committees in that House are recognised leaders of parties and other members nominated by the Presiding Officer .
The Committee is constituted to give necessary advice on such ad hoc matters relating to the affairs of the House and of the House which do not fall within the purview of any other Parliamentary Committee and are specified from time to time .
The Library Committee is a Joint Committee of the two Houses consisting of six members of the Lok Sabha ( including the Deputy Speaker ) nominated by the Speaker and three members of the Rajya Sabha nominated by its Chairman .
The main function of this committee is to help the members in the use of the library and its support services सदस्यो i . e . reference research and documentation services .
It advises the Speaker on matters relating to selection of books framing of rules for library and its future planning etc .
A Joint Committee on Salaries and Allowances of Members of Parliament was constituted to make rules under the Salaries and Allowances of Members of Parliament Act संसद 1954 .
It consists of 10 members from Lok Sabha and 5 from Rajya Sabha .
The functions of the Committee are : i . e . to the members of the two Houses to provide for the payment of medical bills for matters such as medical attendance housing telephone and postal facilities .
In spite of the fact that the Report of the Parliamentary Committee on भी in respect of the Bofors Gun घिरी has been enclosed by some controversies and questions and the recommendations of the Parliamentary Committee on bail घिरी are often referred to by the report .
Reports of Committees create a sense of respect in the administration .
All activities of the government come under 17 Departmental Committees .
More important these Committees have made significant improvements in the existing means of ensuring scrutiny of governmental affairs .
However the legislature as the representative body of the people is a sign of their sovereignty .
It has to take into account the interests of the people and take all necessary steps to ensure that the administration works within the ambit of the Constitution .
The basic objective of setting up separate and independent Secretariats for both the Houses has been to ensure that effective and unimpaired exercise of the concepts of executive responsibility and accountability of administration to Parliament.
In fact this important requirement has been recognised in the Constitution of India itself .
Article 74 and seventy - five provides that under the leadership of the Prime Minister the Council of Ministers is collectively responsible to the Lok Sabha and provided in the first section of article 98 that separate officers and staff are provided .
Clause 3 provides that until such laws were made by Parliament the President may after consultation with the respective Presiding Officers make rules for regulating recruitment and service conditions .
Under clause 2 of Art. 98 of the Constitution Parliament has not passed any legislation so far .
However in pursuance of clause 3 of Art. 98 Lok Sabha Secretariat ( Recruitment and Conditions of Service ) Rules 1955 were framed and promulgated by the President in consultation with the President .
Similar rules for the Rajya Sabha Secretariat were framed and promulgated by the President in 1957 in consultation with the Chairman .
He enters his secretariat through competitive examinations .
( 2 ) Financial Committees Service which provides financial assistance to the three Financial Committees and the Railway Convention Committee and all matters relating to them .
The Parliament of India can claim Library and Information Services to be one of the most efficient information services .
The basic objective of the Centre is to demonstrate the country ' s perfect and effective picture by the members of foreign parliamentary delegations visiting dignitaries students tourists and others .
The role of parliamentary officials with the increasing areas and complexity of the latest technological discoveries and government work as well as the need for professional officers and staff who have received more suitable training in the Secretariats of the Houses of our Parliament.
No doubt every Legislature requires adequate and efficient officers and staff .
In view of the responsibilities of the officers and staff of the Legislature it is essential that they have a high degree of excellence and expertise and varied experience and economy with all these things .
The officers and staff of the two Houses of Parliament since they have to serve members of Parliament have a high calibre impeccable integrity requisite qualification and training .
They have to work with great skill and experience to fulfil their important responsibilities .
He has to make sure that factual information supplied to the Speaker is correct all the relevant rulings and precedents pertaining to a case may be placed before the Chair to facilitate proper decision .
As far as advice to the members is concerned parliamentary officials are not expected to render any advice without reason .
These rules are based on the Rules of Procedure and Conduct of Business in both the Houses and have been gradually evolved from conventions and rulings given by the Presiding Officers .
When behaviour begins in the House . when the House is in session the first rule of behaviour of members on the floor of the House takes place a few minutes before the commencement of the meeting .
When the sitting of the House commences every member should enter the Chamber with dignity and in such a manner that he does not disturb the proceedings .
While entering the Chamber in the Lok Sabha the member should bow before the Speaker while moving from there and taking his seat .
This respect is to the entire House and not to the Speaker to the person on his back .
The Speaker represents the House to all outside bodies and authorities .
To respect the authority of the Speaker as a symbol of the collective character of the House is the basic principle of parliamentary conduct .
While speaking a key principle is that at one time only a member should speak or ask questions and the Chair is entitled to call members one by one.
When a member wants to speak he should stand in his place to attract the attention of the Chair .
The financial interest of a member when a matter is decided by the House in which a member has a financial or direct interest the member is expected to take part in his interest in the matter .
It aims to ensure objectivity in deliberations and avoid any objection to the opinion of the member on grounds of personal pecuniary or direct .
Similarly a member of the committee shall have such a interest in a matter where the Committee is to consider he should inform the Speaker of his interest in that case .
Apart from the rules of parliamentary etiquette which are to be followed by members of public and customs which are equally important in maintaining proper standard in parliamentary life and maintaining the dignity of the House and its members .
Members are therefore expected to maintain a standard of conduct not only inside the House but outside the House .
The conduct of the members should not be contrary to the practice of custom or derogatory to the dignity of the House or in no way inferior to that level which Parliament expects from its members .
The conduct of a member has not been fully defined and in each case it is in the jurisdiction of the House to determine whether the behaviour of a member has been unfair or is not worth .
Thus even if the House does not come under any recognised title of a breach of privilege or a contempt of the House the conduct of a member may be considered to be derogatory to the dignity of the House .
The House has the right to punish them for the conduct of its members whether in conduct or outside the House exercises its right to conduct an enquiry .
The House has also the power to punish members for their disorderly conduct and other सदन whether they have been inside the House or outside the walls of the House ; some more important rituals and practices are such .
When a member violates any of the restrictions the Speaker may direct him to leave the House and / or the member may initiate action to suspend it .
So far as the allegation is that in the Draft Constitution the Government of India Act 1935 all provisions of the Government of India Act 1935 have been incorporated को I do not object to it .
There is no shame to borrow from anybody .
There is no theft in it .
Nobody has any patent rights about the basic ideas of the Constitution .
The Draft Constitution was completed in 15 November 1948 and 17th October 1949 .
Thereafter the Drafting Committee consequential or necessary amendments prepared the final draft and placed it before the Assembly .
The second reading of the Constitution was completed on 16th November 1949 and the next day by संविदान Sabha .
The motion was adopted on 26 November 1949 and so on that day the people of India enacted and gave themselves the Constitution of a Sovereign Democratic Republic of India .
The Parliament buildings in the Parliament include the Parliament House Annexe Parliamentary सौध Reception Office and the upcoming Parliament Library .
All these are collectively referred to as the Parliament House Estate ; it has a long spacious lawns जलाशय fountains and ऐस्टेट .
The whole range is enclosed by ornamental red stone walls and iron gates.
The Parliament House which houses the two Houses of Parliament the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha - LRB - ii - RRB - during 1921 - 1927 .
The Parliament House is one of the most remarkable buildings in New Delhi and is one of the finest specimens of architectural architecture in any country in the world . "
The building has 12 gates ; the मंडप out of which there are entrances facing mandapa .
Though designed by foreign architects the building was built with indigenous material and Indian labour and its architecture bears a close imprint of Indian traditions .
The aims of the people who speak Esperanto are still as important and meaningful .
No it will be possible for us to use some of the national languages all over the world without using the medium - of - communication techniques not by adding to the new forms of language we consider the साधक of the real and साधक system .
The communication systems which provide a special advantage to one another - to - do it for years and which is even a minor qualification - are संचार .
Unlike the के ऎस्पॆरान्तो , and के the के defect is not inferior in संप्रेषण the के is much better than the rest of the languages .
We believe that the language produces असमता communication at all levels .
Every ethnic language belongs to the जातीय and the tamarind .
A student who learns Esperanto learns of such practices and is not घर where every country is home .
Some of the learning men of a language are apt to speak in a धाराप्रवाह language .
Thus at his early age he threw away all the barriers of belief and belief ; he lived as a vision of God and a sacred knowledge .
In the last years he founded the company he declares :
Lord . How in my childhood you have kept me away from बचपन . . and पाखंडो giving them an opportunity to understand them - and steadily as years passed the light of knowledge spread within me and made me fast .
During the twenty - three years of his stay in Madras Ramalinga would often leave the city and go on foot singing and singing poems of Lord Tyagaraja .
Tired out he spent the nights in the open .
They also went to जाते ( का ) का and का .
From the early years he lived in मरूदूर - मरूदूर करूंगुझी करूंगुझी करूंगुझी करूंगुझी करूंगुझी करूंगुझी in Vadalur and मेट्टुकुप्पम still became his वडलूर and he named Chidambaram करूंगुझी .
On his way to Chidambaram he also visited places on the way such as the Saiva saint . . born as he was considered his spiritual guru .
There he lectured at the temple and sang songs in praise of the deity .
Then he also composed songs sung and sung at करूंगुझी गांव गांव गांव and पास and finally went to Karunguzhi near his village मरूदूर .
His elder brother Parasurama Pillai who lived there died a few days after Ramalinga ' s visit .
Ramalinga was about to come to Chidambaram that राजस्व Venkata धर्मपत्नी a Revenue - in - law had prepared a room for him from Ramalinga and went from Karunguzhi to February 1867 for nine years वेंकट and his wife धर्मपत्नी .
As in Madras Ramalinga would spend the whole night at home and spend the day wandering out of the temple accompanied by God .
Chidambaram . known as है in Tamil is so ancient that it is so ancient that it is considered as the seventh century A. D. . who is referred to as the ancient शती .
Rigid or अनम्य : the rigid or simple process of amendment could be called rigid or flexible .
The reform process of federal structure is difficult ; therefore they are generally अनम्य as rigid .
Our Constitution can be said to be a combination of rigid and flexible as certain sections of the Constitution - LRB - articles 2 - RRB - and 4 and 169 - can be amended by simple majority in both Houses of Parliament .
In a case of only certain provisions the proposal is required to be ratified by half to the States other than the special majority of the two Houses of Parliament .
During the last 51 years our Constitution has been revised over 83 times .
Therefore the fact that our Constitution is rigid .
The Constitution of America is one of the finest examples of first - class and the second - class Constitution .
In a unitary constitution all powers function as the agents of the central government and exercise authority delegated by the Centre .
The federal polity is generally bound to have a rigid constitution - written constitution ; the Constitution is supreme and there must be a special division of powers between federal government and the governments of units and both independently of their own use .
Moreover if there is any dispute between the Union and the States there is an independent Supreme Court for arbitration .
The disciples who took up the शिष्यों were शिष्यों Mudaliar of थे . Mudaliar of था Mudaliar of था Mudaliar of था .
The above books are the most thanks for Ratna Mudaliar .
From 1860 to 1866 are रत्न for six years Ratna Mudaliar , is known as रत्न .
In 1860 he wrote to Ramalinga ( though the original letter is lost it is discussed in the reply given by Ramalinga that he will not eat only once .
Ramalinga wrote in his reply dated 30 December 1860 that he would collect his verses but he would also request his friend to give up his vow .
Ramalinga wrote that he would take a vow of this kind .
में : Ratna Mudaliar succeeded in collecting and publishing a book .
In the appendix he gives an account of his life in praise of Ramalinga and talks of the stages of publication of the book which he has described in the long poem of के .
He lived beyond the mundane forces and was so supernatural that ordinary humans cannot follow them .
While referring to Ramalinga the utterance of बुद्ध Smith reminds one of the Buddha .
The books contain the admiration of the Buddha and the words completed their work ; their guru found the essence of the secret to which he had never reached his mind .
We have already written a whole chapter on Ramalinga ' s compassion .
Huston Smith says with reference to Buddha : 'a French tenderness so strong that his message was described as a religion of infinite compassion .
'It seems to this writer that human compassion reached its zenith in Ramalinga .
He considered it as the most essential and the only stage of self - purification and self - assertion as well as the delicate self - discipline with right and logical conditions that were never heard before .
It was on the threshold of two principal . - one from Madras to मद्रास from Madras .
As soon as the information reached the place where the land was composed of eight जमीन one of which he gave away his land and this was done on 2nd February 1867 .
On the same day the traditional function of holding the food of the people in the makeshift residence the foundation stone of building a permanent building and building began to dig a well and build a tank .
A thousand invitations were distributed among the people .
It is said that in the first three years a thousand six hundred people were fed .
Today every hungry visitor is given free feed .
On the opening of the Brahmo Samaj on the 23rd May 1867 Chidambaram की जीव read Ramalinga ' s tract जीव जीव ( जीव ) .
The main religion of Ramalinga is that of the soul according to him it moves towards God .
God was to me and I shall find Him in Him " One !
No life no longer remains a futile march of light to bring within them the true knowledge of the heart.
The पंक्तियों can compare with the following lines :
In this period Ramalinga wrote in poems and songs ( six years after his death ) The Light of God is to be regarded as the sixth of the source of शरीर .
This hymn composed in का metre belongs to का lines an unprecedented dimension of Tamil poetry .
It covers a period of 18 April 1872 .
There is a monarchy with a hereditary king while our country is an elected President .
The Supreme Court in the US system is supreme because it has the power to judicial review and interpret the Constitution .
In India the Constitution has adopted a middle path .
Since our Constitution is a written Constitution and defined the powers and functions of each organ and the limits have been laid down no question of even the Parliament being possessed .
Both the Parliament and the Supreme Court are supreme in their respective spheres .
You will reap benefit of this opportunity and not waste time .
Remember this song will be suitable for prayer .
The utterance that for some time Lord will shine in this flame.
In a song written at this time these sentiments are clear :
This trend continued for three months .
The contrast between the two is surprising : both are worth noting : one ' s desire to see the carrier of one poem and the sight of a saint ' s life in the last days of the world .
Ramalinga opposed all religious doctrines . . .
It can be said that the supreme light addressed by him is the formless form of Siva as evidenced by his poetry in which he speaks the supreme Light with the epithets of Lord Shiva like the अंतरिक्ष of space के
According to traditional Hindu religion Shiva was considered to be the supreme Light or the Supreme Light.
The teachings of . are almost the same as those of के .
The मुंडक Upanishad says :
In the supreme Light it is a transcendental transcendental consciousness .
It is pure and का is the light of the whole light .
Ramalinga described as a Light within the light of the intellect the outermost light of the individual soul the light of the Divine the Light and the inner light of that supreme One .
Ramalinga 's poem Sri Ramakrishna described as भ्रमर The भ्रमर is ओर all around the flower of भ्रमर until the honey is चख
When he wants to speak कविता first or later it is not necessary that poetry should be poetry of the highest or the highest .
But the poet tends to call the expression of the विपरीत opposite to the mystic or the तांत्रिक .
On the other hand the great poet expresses his own vision of beauty in its own की
The sayings of prophets are a source of poetry to some extent .
We can distinguish the poetry of Buddha and Jesus .
Ramalinga is a unique exception .
He is not only with light and son Buddha and रामकृष्ण but he is also a lyric - language with Shelley - or Tennyson in whose writings he has made music and rich language .
There was hardly any institution left or there any occasion for which he did not give away .
कलक
Moreover he was active in the establishment of the first " Medical College and Hospital in Calcutta in 1835 so that a number of hospitals are still associated with this country .
He provided fees for encouraging students so that they could study medicine and trying to defy the prejudice of the Hindus to keep away from the शरीर of the dead bodies themselves .
He was the first Indian member and patron of the Asiatic Society of Bengal founded in 1784 by Sir William Jones .
The कलकत्ता Survey of India कलकत्ता The कलकत्ता Survey of India कलकत्ता The कलकत्ता and इंडिया Survey of India as well as the premier scientists of India at the same time the most ancient and largest Indian Museum in India owe to it .
On the eve of his departure from Calcutta the then English journal published from Calcutta wrote to mention about Dwarkanath ' s public charitable commitments which would otherwise be worth mentioning .
They did not only lend their money to generous and generous charity but were against their strong opposition .
He was a trusted friend and staunch supporter of Raja Rammohun Roy and he was a remarkable religious and social reformer and a scholar who had been described by Indian historians as the father of modern India .
" There was no place in our food .
The list of clothes which we wear will be looked upon as तिरस्कार .
We could not wear shoes or socks on any such occasion till we passed the tenth class .
A thick cotton shirt will be very heavy during winter.
We have never the feeling that somehow we are destitute .
Yes we complained only on the spot when the बच्चा tailor would forget to put his pocket in our tunic because so far no child was born so poor.
Tagore ' s childhood and well - being were spent under the tutelage of domestic servants who he said " घरेलू .
The child therefore stood there at the same spot and dared not step out of the circle .
He would see from the balcony of the window gazing at his feet like the नहाने in the pond and play an eye with the fantastic बरगद बरगद of each and the rounded steps of that large banyan .
Years later the poet had remembered this childhood friend in these lines :
The child was not dedicated to the severity of the " बालक " that he was otherwise docile but had his boundless curiosity about his surroundings even in small things .
The thing that recurs most often in my memory is that of nature which enters into life and world .
It was as if it were Nature that her hands were asking smiling as if I got into it and I felt nothing impossible.
The बचपन experience of a circumscribed childhood left a deep impression on him and his role in later years was cast in that mould .
The child ' s curiosity and the search for a wide and mysterious world of man and nature beyond the confines of a house and school ; the soul turned into a symbolic desire of the individual being .
In his drama अंग्रेजी published in English as The Post Office ( The Post Office ) which was written in 1911 he dramatised this longing .
चरित्र is a delicate and sensitive character she lives in her dark room on her bed because she fears more than she needed - the wise guardian and the ignorant family doctor : if she goes deep .
Two memories of this school had survived - one among them the foul language of a teacher and a compulsory singing in English before it began .
Bengali children could neither understand the words of the song nor the melody .
First it has to be done to pour words into a fourteen - letter mould which later सघन into poetry .
And so the child लेखनी his first poem in the popular Bengali बंग्ला .
In the fourteen - letter verse the poem कविता खिल and even the भ्रमरों lines were visible .
But even this did not make the child feel happy .
What is poetry nothing but this amusing exercise ?
Nevertheless the experience was सम्मोहक .
He would now hold a blue copy in his little hand in which he had begun writing poems .
The Maharshi was enchanted and sat down for evening meditation under a pair of वृक्ष trees .
When he got up after his prayers he decided to put this place to himself and never hesitated to buy the land .
In the same place the father and son spent the first few days of their journey .
This child was the first experience of salvation for Rabi in which he could come anywhere in the midst of open Nature and have liked her .
But the father did not leave the son entirely on his own resources .
He recited it to him by reading selected parts of Sanskrit Bengali and English literatures and by sitting by his side in the evening .
At night when the Indian sky झिलमिला with the splendour of stars he taught the child Rabi to astronomy or the star .
At this moment however some of the keys were filled with enthusiasm to send it to the कलकत्ता in Calcutta to settle it .
Whenever he happens to sing of his own performance he refers to a Sanskrit phrase and says to him " When a काव्य poem is famous there is a farewell to him . "
So where he checked his conceit from growing अध्यवसायपूर्वक encouraged the best inside him and at that time his ardent ambition was to win him .
He himself was a true connoisseur of literature and music and was very sensitive .
He too along with Rabi his elder brother रवि ' s भाई began to run away in praise of the poem प्रयाण The प्रयाण was a masterpiece of work and was one of the finest of its uses .
That was the time when the novels of Bankim Chandra Chatterji were appearing in a series of literary journals and they had created a storm in the hearts of the Bengalis .
When बंगाली appeared he shot down the afternoon of every Bengali in the neighbourhood .
It was my good fortune that I did not have to snatch it by anybody for I had the gift of becoming an acceptable reader .
My sister - in - law was not self - educated but loved listening to my reading aloud .
There was no electric fans then but since I was reading I had the air of a fan that was being blown up .
The poet understood the spirit of the poet while the theologians भिड .
The longing पनपती until the age of sixteen the poet found his futile search and the desire to express these feelings in the same mould .
One day during the rainy season when the dark clouds floated in the sky - he lay in his room with a slate in his hand he wrote a हाथ - वर्षा भाषा of songs in the ornate language of medieval poets .
Many of the readers were shocked by this trick and Tagore in his memory has remarked that at that time a Bengali scholar in Germany was so much influenced by him as he was Bharati .
Apart from this innocent literary fraud associated with these early poems one of the most important things is that they were the only compositions of this period which the writer had approved of in his कविताओं years .
There was no such thing as literary livelihood in those days and it was a natural reason for the entire family to find some useful आजीविका to this precocious child .
His elder brother Satyendranath advised him to take Rabindranath to England with him ( he spent a few days on leave ) his wife and children wanted to become a court before him .
So he was taken to London and kept in a residential house which was in front of the लंदन Park .
There was a sad cold here than the cold which chilled him to his bones .
The sky is soft and the day light loses its brightness and looks like a dead man .
There he knew no one ; he had been given a tutor to teach him to learn Latin ; he was a good man .
The theory of freedom was obsessed with the theory that in all ages any one dominant idea is transformed into every human society ; even though there was no outward channel of communication between these different societies .
The pretence of learning Latin lasted until Rabindra changed his abode .
He even took the arrears of money and refused to say that I had nothing but wasted you .
He could hardly be persuaded to accept his fees .
During his stay in London he saw the Parliament House and heard Gladstone and John Bright speak on the Irish Home Rule .
After his return from लंदन Tagore ' s London stay in London was a very happy one in this case he was lucky enough to find a house in an English friend ' family .
When he first reached his house there was a white - haired doctor his wife and eldest daughter .
His two young daughters alarmed at the fact that their house was attacked by a " युवा " who went to her relative .
They returned only when they were convinced that the stranger was harmless.
As the time went on he became everyone ' s favourite and even the dog of the house had no food until he had played with it .
Mrs Scott looked upon her as her son and looked after her with some memory and affection that her own mother had not yet looked after her .
He was deeply impressed by his devotion to husband and his family .
The daughters too gradually became their daughters - in - law particularly the third daughter - in - law who was their age and could sing songs .
He also taught him many English and Irish songs .
If anything he brought with him he was a long lyrical work an incomplete manuscript of पांडुलिपि which he began writing in London a different title .
His reticence will continue to चक्कर his writers .
There is an inevitable poet - a young and dream - vision .
He does not know what he really wants .
There are many other characters in this drama and all of them are तोडने in their hearts .
But neither the tragedy nor the philosophy nor the philosophy is real - because the writer was of very young age and was even more experienced in what he really wanted to express .
At the same time it was necessary to make his poetic talent in the gift for it was evident from the tragic episode that the young writer was steadily gaining mastery over the form .
Even though this poem had been compiled in his entire range of poetry it was aided by his first presence .
For such simple रोमानी and romantic स्वच्छंदता were a new feature in Bengali poetry .
The then Maharaja of Tripura sent his Chief Minister to Calcutta and together gave a message to the Maharaja for his poetic achievement .
Indeed the writer was not surprised that his elaborate work which was full of texture at the age of eighteen was full of लबालब and preferred by others .
The curious part of it was that I was only eighteen but all around me seemed to be eighteen . "
However painful the pang of separation however painful it was the " broken heart " returning back home and was more certain and happy .
" Spencer ' s idea that through the development of this emotional ascent of voice man founds music . "
I often wondered why this idea could not be नहीं by giving prominence to , ?
And he did so in Valmiki Pratibha and was much encouraged by his success on the platform .
He himself acted upon Valmiki and his young niece Pratibha that of his young niece प्रतिभा played the role of the डाकुओं robber chief .
He himself played the role of a blind रवीन्द्र .
Thus the dejected and obsessed with their morbid fancies sought to be free and free of self - expression and did not do so .
The young poet was in love with sorrow and revelled in दुख - sweet experiences .
At the same time the अवचेतन signal that this was the sunset of the first departure of his creative development when I was caught up with the bellows of my emotions .
The first poem of the बाल . . . . . कविता is addressed in the evening of the evening of the evening in a lonely and mysterious manner visible to the naked face .
What is that you have been gradually humming .
The poet feels a strange relation with it and goes on with it in his poem .
In another poem he will reveal his sympathy for the broken star who has baffled suicide .
Another poem . उलाहना her sister - in - law who left her alone .
He goes away and there is nothing left to say ?
The songs are left behind Who is the song now left behind ?
The songs are sung and the songs are left behind .
They have gone and with them the flowers and birds have parted as well as the light with which the days shine bright .
Like a torn फटे I have been thrown out . "
The mood in which the call of evening in this poem was vague and mysterious but gradually it appears to be lost in vivid and familiar images .
" Long ago when I was a child you wrapped me round in your नीरवता just as the evening envelopes the earth with its silence .
Does the evening सम्मोहित you with its magic ?
You have shown me by opening my own hidden treasure and without singing the song you taught me all the songs I know .
The melancholy expressed in this series of poems is simple and adolescent but it is not at all light or artificial .
Though the poet had been writing on some of these poems in later years and it would have been a good idea to draw them out of his published works he strongly disapproved of the fact that they had any kind .
He has commented on this in his life : " A vision a good and fortunate professor is worth खिल्ली a young man who wears glasses on his eyes . "
रवीन्द्र and dejected he wrote to his father who was often on the voyage to the Himalayas and asked him to go back to England and resume his studies .
He got permission and sailed for England in April 1881 and was his nephew .
On the eve of the voyage he had made a speech on the theme of music and compassion which he expressed his views with his songs .
It was his first public lecture in which he sought to prove with vocal demonstrations that music would be capable of becoming incapable of expression .
He was now coming out of his shell to the notice of the people and during this period he wrote a very bitter and controversial मौत - LRB - ब्रिटेन - RRB - in China - where he reprimanded Britain for the opium व्यापार .
From the beginning of his life to the end his diversity in him was a fundamental characteristic of his personality .
The second voyage to England was wasted .
The nephew who had left Calcutta had only recently married and as soon as the ship left Calcutta she felt sorry for his wife and began to sail .
His first novel रानी was written in रानी रानी रानी रानी रानी रानी .
His first novel is a historical melodrama cast in the mould of his predecessor Bankim Chandra Chatterji .
No wonder that when it was published his writer received a letter from the famous veteran congratulating him on the achievement .
The gist of the plot and the significance of its title may be summed up in the following words: A brave but cruel king will show up his son to daring sympathy with his subjects .
At last the Prince leaves the state .
On the way to the holy city of Banaras she leaves her sister to her husband ' s state .
On reaching there he realises that in the meanwhile her husband had placed another wife .
दौरान and निरुपाय sister - in - law accompanies her brother in the course of her देश
The place on the bank of the river where they had से their boat is still called the रानी रानी .
One story - teller is not worth mentioning about this novel .
But from the point of view of historical importance the writer has made considerable progress .
It is like a bed - shed in a small nursery where grown - ups have been transplanted and transplanted to flower .
There are many situations and characters that the author has developed and developed in his dramas : in his early stages : a prince who is more in love with his own subjects and who prefers to see his virtues .
After the idyllic holiday in the villa on the Ganges the two brothers returned to Calcutta with कलकत्ता Devi .
But they have not gone to their ancestral home but took away from each other to a residence in the building of the Indian Museum .
In the midst of the bustling metropolis the young poet breathed his first deep impression on the whole of his life on the whole .
About this he wrote extensively in his life and later in The Religion of Man .
One morning when he was standing on the balcony of the house and at the end of the road the sun rose from behind the trees and suddenly the sight of my eyes and the glow of the earth seemed to me .
The heaps of despair and despondency which had weighed over the soul and विकारों it and विकारों its own heart and utterly vanished from the body like a garment .
And the loose फूट burst forth पडी Kal . निर्बंध . निर्बंध . निर्बंध resting on rocks and crossing all obstacles .
In a mood of half - कविताएं he wrote a large number of poems dealing with the wonder of this world and the pleasures of life which were published later in the morning music .
In another poem he reviews his life how in the wild recesses of his heart he lost his path and Nature the source of his happiness and how he has now lost his आयामों .
Thus he उत्सव in his second poems a festival of his new faith with great zeal in a new कलेवर and one may be surprised to see that it had been totally neglected by him in the मानसिकता and मानसिकता .
Not only that these poems were the herald of the majestic procession that came behind them but also the herald of a new movement in language and metre which had hitherto remained Bengali poetry .
Most of these poems are not merely उच्छवास of the new delight of delight but some of them have a sort of ideological रीढ which are now permanent and have a very unique combination of pathos and music .
For the young writer to understand that if he could see the scene in public places and the dirty streets in Calcutta make him feel happier .
That is why the poet has to link his words into metre and verse and give a new shape and shape so that they are controlled to a certain extent and the spirit underlying itself .
The other two poems included in this work also bear the germ of his favourite philosophy that being is to be lived since life is ever dynamic and renewing itself and that death helps to renew it .
" Every year I have lived and died . "
Another long poem जोडकर essentially औ in its tone and in a sense the whole episode is noble in which the Hindu myths are associated with the possibility of modern science and with the difference between creation and संहार .
Brahma the Creator is sitting between this time and time and time and there is a deep silence .
He suddenly opens his eyes and becomes the primeval source of creation .
The emptiness is filled with burning आग and revolving fire.
But all these परिक्रमा tire of revolving in endless and endless round under this arrangement and the Creation wearied of itself prays to Siva the Lord of Destruction for peace .
The आत्म of Ananda can also lure him into the darkness of sorrow for he has burnt all the senses in the funeral pyre of self - knowledge .
He will pity the world over and the ignorance of mankind . "
When he comes to his nearest town he meets an untouchable girl who is not only the priest of the temple but also everybody else .
The Sanyasi are afraid of thinking that he does not follow any outward behaviour and goes away .
But he cannot keep himself aloof from it for long and finds that he is dead when he returns .
Death sets the seal on his perception and attains that great only in the small but in the form of love there is the eternal liberation of the soul .
They are राहगीर and यायावर nameless and anonymous and represent the daily panorama of life in a village .
As has been said before Tagore ' s plays are full of unknown characters and forgotten characters who represent different sections of society and those who want to say so little to the audience .
These characters speak like the रूखे of Shakespeare in the देशी and चुटीले व्यंग्य and all of them give up with the air ideas and superb poems of the principal characters .
After spending in summer and rainy season in autumn the group returned to Calcutta in autumn and now stayed in a villa on Lower Circular Road near चौरंगी .
From the first floor of his bungalow Tagore would watch the daily drama of these crowded settlements where men and women lived in all their tasks and were playing .
For me this was all like a living story . "
He was really very keen to see the mind that sees the eye and the eyes he sees .
And it was appropriate that the poems he wrote from this point of view were later published in वे O मनोदशा and those which are remarkable for his mood .
He was watching and growing and all these opportunities his craftsman was constantly improving his technique .
However all the poems are not images and they are not all confined to one or the other .
For example , his love of love is a half - symbolic half - symbolic and half - mystic the allegory of the turbulence in the depths of his own mind which can be seen from outside .
It is in history that the marriage of the most romantic man of his age was so रोमांटिक .
In spite of his intensely romantic character and active identification in the field of literary criticism Tagore was a humble and obedient child - so mesmerized by his father ' s magic personality that he could never believe in words for him .
Despite this obviously the choice of the Maharshi ' s arbitrary and seemingly निरंकुश seemed to have proved very beneficial to Tagore himself .
To the end Rabindranath needed no stimulus beyond his wife but an प्रतिकारक .
If he had married a beautiful woman perhaps he would have been frightened by her but her wife had done a good deal of comfort and comfort which she could never have done for her life .
The bride ' s name was वधू . a very old and tiring - and as it is today the people smiled .
After marriage the name was changed into Mrinalini a lovely name given by her husband and was the first phase in this chapter .
Nalini , was a name very dear to him and somehow Mrinalini seemed to incorporate it .
In fact गद्य was writing on a prose - drama of this name .
The plot was well - known and the author would play the part of his youth with a lovely innocent heart - Nalini at the centre and take part in the role of the various characters in the drama .
And finally रवीन्द्रनाथ Tagore had to complete the drama .
But before this drama was staged a tragedy overtook the family .
In April 1884 Kadambari Devi Rabindranath ' s favourite sister - in - law suddenly committed suicide.
Then he was only twenty - five years old .
Nobody knows why he did so ?
Early in 1889 रवीन्द्रनाथ Rabindranath Tagore लेकर who had now brought two children daughter रति ( or बेला ) and son रति to Sholapur with his family .
King Vikram . is the ruler of a state in the Punjab whose marriage is to be with the unique beauty of Kashmir the king is very mad in love of his राजा and he moves round it with his eyes .
In his loyalty to the queen the Rani takes over all important posts in the state of Kashmir and goes to आमदनी on receiving income .
For he has no time to concentrate on these जीवन whereas life is so small that it is full of fun .
The hungry crowds riot outside the palace crying for bread .
What is this noise ?
Oh the भीड crowd how many हल्ला have been हल्ला for food - भंग the sweet peace of the palace ?
The husband ' s eyes have instead of love a बू of lust and बू which has only च्युत him and च्युत his duty and humanity.
When the king . receives information about his wife ' s decision he is livid with rage his love for the queen turns into a frenzy of revenge and आहत into a voluptuous longing for violence and victory .
He reaches Kashmir to teach Prince Kumar Sen a lesson with his army .
No one can face his onslaught and his armies gain victory everywhere and he आधिपत्य over Kashmir .
But Crown Kumar Sen does not surrender to her self - respect and yet tries to appease the tyrant ' s wrath and he does not want his people to suffer any hardships .
He therefore sends his severed head to the king as a gift .
The proud and sorrowful Queen brings this gift to her court and as soon as she offers the tribute she falls on the ground and dies .
The conflict between love and duty in this play and a vain self and proud woman shows the conflict .
After spending a few days at Shelidah he went to Santiniketan and finally went to Sholapur to live with his brother Satyendranath .
Here he heard that Satyendranath and his young friend सत्येन्द्रनाथ Palit were preparing to go to England .
He also made up his mind to go with him .
During these wanderings and wanderings a small volume of writing - books lived with them and were eager to fill them with poems .
Whether he was gazing at the snow - capped Himalayas or धूल in the heat and dust of the plains the poems poured forth into it .
Many of these were written in गाजीपुर - it is difficult to say whether they were written in the presence of roses or in the absence of roses .
Rabindranath may not have been a traditional प्राण in these songs but he is singing freely in the प्राण whose voice was still ringing .
The crop which was completed in a period of three years or more was published under the title सिक्का - LRB - फसल - RRB - and the coins of his calibre were frozen .
In other words धार्मिक for all this was promised with integrity of religious liberty .
It was reinforced by the principles of prestige and opportunity and fraternity among all the people of India .
The founding fathers had dreamt of a nation that would be beyond all the diversities of religion and religion .
They were not against religion but they hoped that it would be possible to forge political unity and that religious differences would not be a barrier to nation building .
The Constitution envisaged a new social order free from communal conflicts and based on social justice economic and political justice .
It envisaged a polity under which laws would not discriminate between citizens on grounds of religion caste etc. .
The Constitution sought to establish a 'secular' order under which the majority of the people were not given any special privileges or preferential treatment to them and the religious rights of the minorities were protected in many ways .
It seems necessary that the term secularism should be clearly defined in the Constitution itself and the existing laws should be exercised firmly and even passed so that no party or person can misuse religion for political purposes .
To fulfil this responsibility it is necessary to keep abreast of the bio - diversity of our country .
मैक्सिको . . an expert of मैक्सिको plants found in मैक्सिको are working with मैक्सिको मैक्सिको मैक्सिको Garden and Institute of मैक्सिको . . of मैक्सिको मैक्सिको .
They are setting up a list of every high vegetation found in में .
The work of का depends on the plant collection of the वनस्पति Museum .
If it is a new discovery for science it is described and given a scientific name .
This information is collected and a botanical catalogue is known as the flora of the मेसोअमेरिका .
In this list of flora . species will be described as प्रजातियों of which about 10 per cent of science will be new .
The list of books as well as printed in Spanish on the Internet is to provide information to scientists scientists and technologists about the basic classification which they need to obtain information about the safety of the local library .
Scientists will notice new discoveries in this list .
It is a basic point for further research in evolution and environment of regional plants .
On 19 July 1948 the condition of a migrating person was that he was registered as a citizen of India by an officer appointed by the Government of India for this purpose .
But in this second case no person shall be registered as such unless he has been residing in India for at least six months immediately preceding the date of his application .
A special provision has been made for the citizenship rights of those persons who migrated to Pakistan after March 1 1947 but later return to India .
It has been clarified that the person migrating to Pakistan after March 1 1947 will not be a citizen of India but there is an exception in the case of those who returned to India on the basis of permits for rehabilitation .
( State v. Amar Singh . AIR 1955 SC 282 . . . ( प्रदेश ) Madhya Pradesh v. State of Madhya Pradesh AIR 1951 SC नाग .
44
Persons of Indian origin residing outside India have been residing abroad or have been migrating there for purposes of employment or otherwise .
The founding fathers worked with a vision to safeguard the citizenship rights of such persons in India and provided in the Constitution .
Naturally they were made obligatory for the state that is for the executive and the legislature .
Article 13ह्य2हृ Before the commencement of this Constitution.
( See ' l ) First Edition of India खाई ( see page 155 ) .
The right to equality before law and equal protection of laws Article 14 of the Constitution enunciates the fundamental right of every person not to be denied to him as equal protection against laws in the territory of India .
The protection provided by this article is not limited to citizens but covers all persons .
It embodies the principle contained in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights that all are equal before law and deserve equal protection without any discrimination .
In singular in the term of equality before law means the same thing as those of law or of law or of justice .
On the other hand the term ' का ' like ' conservation ' in the " term " explains clearly the statutory law and the provision made by it orders the state to ensure that all laws are made without any distinction .
But so far the Supreme Court has not seen any such distinction .
In fact न्यायमूर्ति Chief Justice शास्त्री Shastri has expressed the view that the second term was the primary result of the first term and it is very difficult to imagine the situation in which laws will not be the law of equality .
( State of West Bengal v. Anwar AH Government AIR 1952 SC 75 ) .
Laws should be applied to all in one case .
The Supreme Court has held that there is often a need for separate treatment in relation to different needs of different classes of people .
According to भारत Lal v. Union of India AIR 1951 SC 41 .
If the classification is not reasonable and does not meet the two terms mentioned above the impugned legislation or executive action would be clearly arbitrary and would constitute a denial of equality under article 14 .
Therefore wherever the state ' s action takes place whether it is a legislative or executive or an authority under article 12 - LRB - article 14 - RRB - becomes active and the action of the state is cancelled .
Thus the new approach enunciated by the Supreme Court has expanded the scope of enforcement of article 14 and there was no need for any discrimination against others .
प्राजैक्ट ( M ) . and इक्विपमेंट Corporation ( 1984 ) 3 SCC 329 ) .
Prohibition of discrimination on the ground of religion race sex or place of religion where Article 14 declares the preservation of equality and laws by law ; from the successor article 15 to 18 certain areas in relation to the citizens of India .
Article 15 enjoins the state not to discriminate between any citizen except to a religion - centred race religion - LRB - sex - RRB - or any of these .
The use of the word is significant.
Unlike any of these differences based on one or more bases and on other grounds or bases the distinction will not be affected by this article ( राज्य v. State of Bombay AIR 1953 . AIR 1953 SC 329 .
Clause 2 of the article provides for special enforcement of the prohibition .
The prohibition obviously covers the actions of both the state and the general public .
( A. K. Gopalan v. State of Madras AIR 1950 SC 27 ) .
It is necessary that all the restrictions imposed by law are reasonable i . e . not arbitrary or arbitrary but the onus of proving it to the satisfaction of the state .
The more severe the restriction the heavier the onus lies on proving its reasonableness ( का Ahmed v. State of Uttar Pradesh ( AIR 1954 SC कडा ) .
Since the Constitution does not define the terms of reasonable restrictions it has to be decided on the basis of its own merits .
G . Rao : AIR 1952 SC 196 .
The criterion is really flexible and varies with time space and condition in each case .
The founding fathers had made it clear that they were not writing the Constitution entirely independent or entirely new .
He had deliberately decided not to ignore the past and build up the Constitution on the basis of the framework and experience already established .
The Constitution of India had an integrated development .
Category b : those Bills which provide for expenditure from the Consolidated Fund ( articles 110 and 117 ) .
While defining the Special Procedure Money Bill for the Finance Bill article 110 states that a Money Bill is a Bill which provides for the Consolidated Fund of Goods - Part II or the Consolidated Fund of a Consolidated Fund - LRB - कर - RRB - .
If a question arises as to whether a Bill is a Money Bill the decision of the Speaker of the Lok Sabha is final .
Every Money Bill when presented to the President for his assent shall be granted a certificate including the signature of the Speaker of the Lok Sabha ( article 110 ) .
A Money Bill can be introduced only in the Lok Sabha and only on the recommendation of the President .
When the Lok Sabha passes it to Rajya Sabha by passing it the recommendations may be made within a period of 14 days and the Lok Sabha may accept or refuse any one or all the recommendations .
It is believed to have been passed by both the Houses with the amendments accepted by Lok Sabha .
If the amendment does not accept the recommendation of the Rajya Sabha on the part of the Lok Sabha or the Rajya Sabha Bill shall not be deemed to have been passed by both the Houses in that form .
Since we have already said that the Assembly has the power to take action against मानहानि for its own contempt.
The Legislative Assembly is responsible for its procedure and is the sole judge of the question whether its contempt has been committed .
The Government therefore decided not to amend the Constitution .
It held that the Legislatures and the Judiciary would develop their own conventions in view of the opinion of the Supreme Court and the judgement of the Allahabad High Court .
The legislative powers of the President confer power on the President that if the session of both Houses of Parliament is not held and it is resolved that such a situation is created that an immediate action is needed .
The powers of the ordinance issued by the President and the effect are similar to the laws made by the Parliament except that all such ordinance अध्यादेश over the period of six weeks or before the House निरनुमोदन .
Only the Rajya Sabha can declare that it is necessary in the interest of Parliament to make laws on any matter included in the state list .
If by a two - thirds majority Rajya Sabha passes a resolution to this effect the Parliament can make laws for the whole or any part of India ( article 249 ) .
Moreover if the Rajya Sabha has declared by a resolution supported by at least two - thirds of the Members who present and vote that such a provision in national interest is necessary or appropriate by Parliament .
After the new Lok Sabha is duly elected and constituted the President invites the leader of the party or parties commanding the support of more than half of the members of the Lok Sabha .
While the Prime Minister is ordinarily a member of the Lok Sabha ministers are drawn from both Houses of Parliament .
A person other than a member of Parliament may also be appointed a minister but he has to vacate his office after six months unless he manages to get elected member of either House .
Since the Council of Ministers is collectively responsible to the Lok Sabha ( article 75 ) Ministers have a constitutional obligation to resign collectively as soon as they lose the confidence of the Lok Sabha .
The scheme of our Constitution shows a real fusion of the highest executive and legislative authorities.
The executive and legislative powers are not centres of competition but are regarded as inseparable partners or partners in the functioning of the government .
The Parliament is a large body .
The concept of the supremacy of religion was not different from that of the concept of विधि or controlled सरकारऑ .
In ancient India the rulers were bound by ' religion ' and no man could defy religion .
In the Rigveda and the Atharva Veda there is mention of the sabha ( Association of elders ) .
पाणिनी Brahmin ब्राह्मण Panini 's अर्थशास्त्र पाणिनी पाणिनी पाणिनी अशोक अशोक अशोक अशोक शिलालेख शिलालेख शिलालेख शिलालेख शिलालेख शिलालेख शिलालेख शिलालेख शिलालेख शिलालेख शिलालेख शिलालेख and Jain texts and मनुस्मृति are all evidence of Indian history.
In particular after the Mahabharata many small republic states emerged instead of the great empires .
There are many references to how these republics worked .
Representatives were elected to open houses .
He was a king and ruled with the help of the Council of Ministers .
The procedure can be regulated by Parliament by law ( article 124 ) .
In the case of Justice Ramaswamy motion for presenting a address to the President for his removal could not find the required majority in the Lok Sabha .
Unlike popular belief there is no provision in our Constitution for impeachment against any judge .
The impeachment is provided only for the President and none else .
Also there is a fundamental difference between the procedure of removal of orders and impeachment and between the adoption of a motion for impeachment and between the passing of a motion for presenting an address to the President seeking orders .
However after a motion for removal from the office of a judge the President consider issuing necessary orders .
Every person appointed as a judge of the Supreme Court has to take oath before the President or the person appointed by him in the manner prescribed in the Constitution .
The Constitution says that a person holding office as a judge of the Supreme Court shall not entertain any court before any court within the territory of India ( article 124 ) and 7 ) .
His elected president was , and he was called the hero .
The East India Company formed by a few London traders on December 31 2013 had received a royal Charter from Queen Elizabeth .
Through that Charter the company was given a monopoly of trading with certain sectors in India and South East Asia for a initial period of 15 years .
Judicial review i . e . the development of a judicial review in the same way as the United States has a right to the Supreme Court of India to hear the final decision in respect of the validity or illegality of legislative action .
Our Constitution in this regard follows a great deal of US practice .
Often the state government or the affected private individuals or parties filed before the Supreme Court and claims that in enacting a particular law the concerned Government has violated its jurisdiction with the division of powers under the Seventh Schedule .
While reviewing such enactment the Supreme Court will examine whether jurisdictional limits have been violated .
Incorporation of a Chapter on Fundamental Rights in the Constitution makes judicial review specially relevant.
And under this article the " State " has been defined in such a way that the Government of India and i Judicial Review ( ii ) comes under the control of the Government of each State and within the territory of India .
Until 1967 the Supreme Court recognised the view that the law was not " under the definition of the Constitution - LRB - article 13 ( 2 ) .
An organisation dedicated to the purpose of bonded and bonded labour in the Union of India - LRB - Union of India ( AIR 1984 SC बंधुआ ) informed the Supreme Court by a letter to the Supreme Court that they had acted in the district of Haryana .
The petitioners entreated that a writ be issued for proper implementation of the various provisions of the Constitution and laws so that the misery of those workers could be removed .
All facts and evidence against the validity of the Constitution constitute the संवैधानिकता .
While interpreting law the court has to decide whether the whole law is against the Constitution or only part thereof .
If the facts are expected the court can partially declare law as void .
Article 274 requires that in case of Bills affecting taxation in which States are interested in their interest - prior recommendation of the President would be necessary .
The State Legislatures may by law levy taxes on professions trades रोजगार trades or employment .
However these taxes payable by a person shall not exceed Rs 2500 per year .
The Parliament does not have the power to legislate on income from professions etc . ( article 276 ) .
The recommendations of the President Commission and the action taken on them shall be laid before each House of Parliament ( article 280 - 281 ) .
The Consolidated Fund shall regulate the custody of Consolidated Funds Contingency Funds and the Maintenance of अभिरक्षा deposits in public accounts ; Parliament and each State Legislature concerned ( article विधानमंडल ) .
Article 290 provides for adjustments to be made between the Union and the State Governments in respect of payment of taxes of any persons .
Article 365 read with Article 365 provides that once a Proclamation of Emergency the extension of the Union ' s कार्यपालिर्काशि in relation to the exercise of the state is considered adequate and not subject to the failure of a state to give directions .
Part III - ; ( 3 - RRB - Part ; ( Part 5 120 - Part ( article 120 ( 17 351 ) ; Part 17 parts of the Constitution though divided in Part I .
Article 29 prohibits the interests of linguistic minorities and discrimination on grounds of religion that any section of citizens residing anywhere in India would have the right to retain their distinct language अल्पसंख्यक script or culture .
No citizen can be denied access to an educational institution fostered by the state or aided by State funds on grounds of language culture religion etc .
Article 30 aims at establishing and administering all minority groups based on religion or language .
All such reports can be placed before Parliament and sent to the concerned state governments .
Language of Legislatures Article 120 provides for the official language of Parliament .
In addition to other things the business of the Parliament is said to be in Hindi or English .
But the Presiding Officer of each House may summon a member who cannot adequately express himself in Hindi or English and permit him to address the House in his mother tongue .
It is therefore arranged in both the Houses of Parliament that the speeches made in the major regional languages should be shared in Hindi and English .
But in actual practice most of the time the entire business of the House is carried out in Hindi or in English and in English .
The State Legislatures have also been provided in Article 210 .
Work in the Legislature of the State shall be carried out in the official language or language of the state or in Hindi and the Presiding Officer of a House may refer to a member who cannot adequately express his voice in any of these languages .
The official language of the Union was one of the most intriguing problems faced by our founding fathers and the question of appointing a language as a national language or as the official language of the Union was the most complex one .
Finally under a मध्यमार्गी formula inserted in Article 343 Hindi in the Devanagari script was accepted as the official language of the Union and said that the form of numerals would be the international form of Indian numerals .
It was permitted to use English for a period of fifteen years and thereafter the Parliament may by law provide for the use of the English language or the Devnagari form of numerals for any specified purposes .
The Indian National Congress was formed in 1885 .
This led to the gradual reduction in imperialist control in India and the process of developing responsible government .
From the very beginning the Congress made its mark in public life that gradually became representative institutions in the country .
The Congress was of the opinion that reforms could only improve all other systems .
Speaking on the subject at the fifth session of the Congress ( Bombay ) 1889 ) Surendranath सुरेन्द्रनाथ observed : " If the council fails you will get everything .
The future of our country and the future of our administrative system depend on it . "
The Indian इंडियन Act of 1892 was a step in agreeing to the growing Indian demand for representative institutions at least , .
To give effect to the people of India in the ब्रिटिश Councils in fact from the point of view of the Indian Independence Act 1892 by the British Parliament it was said that for the first time the British Government had recognised the point of representation .
The Congress was satisfied that for the common purpose of Indian political franchise.
The new elections to the Central Legislative Assembly which were overdue were held in the last quarter of 1945 .
Sarat Chandra Bose was the leader of the Congress legislator party .
The Indian Independence Act 1947 made some changes .
The provisions of the Act of 1935 became void under which the Governor - General or Governor could exercise in his discretion or in accordance with his personal judgement .
The Dominion Legislature was vested with full power to make laws ( including those which have a deterrent effect ) .
A Council of Ministers constituted to aid and advise the Governor - General in his functions .
The legislative powers of the Governor - General were abolished and it was empowered to promulgate ordinances only in case of emergency for administration of justice and good administration .
The Constitution of India has established a federal polity since the legislative powers between the Union and the States are distributed between the executive and the financial powers.
But it is very doubtful whether the Indian polity is federal or federal .
The word का was nowhere used in the text of the Constitution.
In fact the proposal to name India as a फेडरशन was specifically rejected in the Constituent Assembly .
In Article 1 of the Constitution India has been described as the Union of India .
There are many elements in the Constitution and there are several provisions which are very clearly opposed to it being a constitutional Constitution .
Unlike the United States of America citizenship is one and the flag is one and the Constitution is one .
The judiciary is also integrated and not divided into the Union and the States .
But in short it may be said that there is a difference in opinion about whether Indian polity is federal unitary or quasi - federal or quasi - federal or it is a polity which is unitary in spirit .
At present there are 25 states in the Union of India and seven Union Territories - as mentioned in the First Schedule to the Constitution .
The executive has the right to prepare a budget .
The Constitution provides for an annual statement of estimated receipts and expenditure to be placed before Parliament .
It has full freedom to suggest how to collect finances in order to meet its expenses so that the Government can take all possible initiatives in financial matters .
No taxes cannot be legally levied and no dues can be obtained from the treasury without special parliamentary powers .
The 19th century British idea of parliamentary control over the executive is no longer valid even in the ब्रिटिश of ब्रिटिश .
The Government of Parliament is under constant control .
The ministers sometimes find out by asking questions about what departments are under them and what are the defects which require further attention .
In addition to these other procedural measures are those of Calling Attention Notices .
A member may with the previous permission of the Speaker take notice of a Minister on a matter of urgent public importance and request him to make a statement on the matter .
Members can also write to the concerned Minister ask for information which they need and are given general information .
Another medium for achieving institutional information is the reports of various parliamentary committees .
In the process of its investigations the Committees collect detailed and valuable information from the ministries and departments of the Government through searching questions of scrutiny the procedural measures have become an important means of obtaining information on matters of urgent public importance and the House.
Some political parties have responsibilities for research and reference which provide necessary information particularly from the party situation .
It is a member of the number of people who go to the constituencies and other places in the constituencies where they are familiar with public publications such as government consultancy or other Committees निर्वाचकों boards etc .
The Press plays a part in parliamentary life to provide vital information .
संसद the people of India in Parliament the level of their political awakening their simple lives and their problems are becoming more representative of their hopes and aspirations .
The politics of the elite has gradually been taking place in politics .
Besides संसद an average member of Parliament considers that his main duty is to represent his people and to express their problems and difficulties and complaints and try to remove them.
For if the executive is responsible to the Parliament the Parliament and its members are also answerable to the people .
The member who represents is the chief communication between them and the Parliament and the government .
The member can do so by fully utilising the various procedural measures available and by taking advantage of the possible opportunities available in the House and through the Committee of Petitions and other Parliamentary Committees .
On the motion for consideration of the policies of the legislative proposals or Financial Bills - LRB - i - RRB - the President ' s Address on the Motion of Thanks on which the members are free to express their views and views .
In fact the Parliament is in the forefront of social reforms .
At the commencement of the Constitution several legislations have been enacted by Parliament to provide for the protection of social security benefits to the disadvantaged sections of the society such as those for disadvantaged groups of castes or traditionally ill - treatment etc.
Parliament does not make laws .
For this purpose it has neither the time nor the necessary information .
As in other cases even in the matter of legislation the first is done entirely by the executive and the administrative departments .
The modern idea of law is not to say that it is a set of rules that are applicable generally .
Law is a process ; a long and complicated process which is linked with the earlier social trends ; the first need and action sought after but the President may again play the role of a policy - maker both in policy and in policy formulation and in respect of different interests .
Thus it cannot be said that law - making does constitute a body of individuals or a part of the State ; the three organs of the State - the executive the executive the executive the legislative executive and legislative powers play a role .
At the end of this chapter it is shown in the appendix 3. 1 how long the expenditure on the various functions of the Lok Sabha is incurred by Parliament under Article 368 of the Constitution .
The procedure for amending the Constitution has some special features which have been clearly distinguished from its constituent capacity as a legislature.
First a Bill can be introduced in the Constitution only by introducing a Bill in one House of Parliament because the initiative to amend the Constitution is exclusively reserved for Parliament .
The other powers are mostly exercised by Parliament by a special majority in the provisions of the Constitution ( i . e . ii ) by a majority of the members present and voting.
Only in the case of the constitutional provisions of a limited category ( i . e . the lists of the Seventh Schedule ( i . e . a provision relating to the States in Parliament ) with respect to Article 368 by the special majority .
Third the Constitution Amendment Bill is duly passed and presented to the President after it has been presented to the President he has to give his assent to it and he has no option to return to the House as leave or for a Bill .
A complete record of the proceedings of the two Houses of Parliament is prepared and published .
Certain words or sentences announced by the Presiding Officer and not recorded under its orders are not included in the official record of the proceedings .
Also parliamentary reporters take down the proceedings in shorthand in shorthand कार्यवाही को or हैं of five or ten minutes .
The printed volumes of debates are available in Hindi and English text .
Parliament and the medium of publicity ( media ) has not been expressly provided for the freedom of the press in the Constitution but it has been decided by judicial decisions that freedom of speech and expression includes the freedom of press.
All persons connected with the publication of the proceedings of either House of Parliament have been given full immunity from proceedings in any court ; but the condition is that such publication may be carried out by the authority of the House article 105 or under it .
He has the highest authority on the staff of the Secretariat at the premises of the House and on the Parliament House property .
They represent the dignity of the House the independence of the House and since the House represents the independence of the nation and because the House becomes the symbol of national independence it is always an extraordinary person and an extraordinary position .
Before 1921 the Governor - General of India presided over the meetings of the Legislative Council .
The origin of the Speaker ' s institution in India dates back to 1921 when the Central Assembly was first constituted under the Montague - Chelmsford reforms .
Sir Frederick 1921 was appointed by the Governor - General on 3rd February 1921 as the first Speaker of the House for a period of four years .
Shri Vithalbhai Patel was the first non - official person to be elected President of the House on 24 August 1925 .
On 20 January 1927 he was re - elected and continued in his office till 28th April 1930 on which he gave up his post .
Shri Patel had the distinction of being the first Indian and first elected President of the Central Legislature .
Shri Ganesh वासुदेव Mavalankar was chosen as the first Speaker of the first Parliament constituted after the first general elections after Independence .
The duties and duties of the Chairman as the Presiding Officer and as the head of the Secretariat of the House are almost the same .
The President appointed Shri Mavalankar to perform the duties of the Speaker until the first Speaker of the First Lok Sabha was duly elected . 23 .
Because of the comparatively simple and easy procedure of questions it is becoming more and more favourite with members of Parliament than in other parliamentary procedure .
It is obvious from the number of questions admitted in the public meetings already exists .
In the eighth Lok Sabha this number was 21,550 and ninth Lok Sabha .
It is also seen that about 40 to 70 per cent of the number of notices received during sessions are admitted but on account of मानसून and मानसून questions that are listed in the list only 45 per cent in the budget session and 33 per cent.
The importance of the Question Hour has been amply demonstrated by some instances where the government had to investigate into matters of violation by vigilant members on questions by seriously following questions .
Some of these examples are : जीप ( 1951 जीप ) जीप ( 1951 ) . . ( 1957 ) इस्पात import के ( 1974 ) and the handling of steel deals with चर्बी and चर्बी of चर्बी .
These facts amply demonstrate how effective the procedure for questions and how far the Question Hour is .
It was also called a म since the previous hour went on for hours at म i . e . at sunset .
These two provisions ensure that the government cannot dispense with the Parliament for a period exceeding one year because each proposal of expenditure is cleared for one year .
The Constitution provides for the Consolidated Fund of India for raising all revenues received by loans advances etc .
The expenditure is so incorporated in the budget : ( i . e . to meet items of expenditure as alleged on the Consolidated Fund of India in the Constitution ) and the funds required for meeting India .
The first - class expenditure may be discussed in both the Houses but is not submitted to vote of either House .
In other words it is a non - बजट part of the budget .
No such demand can be made on the recommendation of the President except otherwise .
No money can be withdrawn from the Consolidated Fund of India except under the Appropriation Act passed by the Parliament .
On 19 May 1928 an All - Parties Conference organised in Bombay appointed a committee under the chairmanship of Motilal Nehru to lay down the principles of the Constitution of India .
The report showed not only the perspective of the contemporary nationalist ideology but also a framework of the Constitution of India .
The Constitution of India was based on the principle of Dominion Status.
It provided for certain fundamental rights and a federal system that provided for more autonomy to the units but residuary powers vested in the Central Government .
It was embodied in the Constitution of a free India adopted by the Constituent Assembly almost twenty - one years after twenty - one .
The White Paper issued after the third Round Table Conference outlined the British Government ' s proposals for constitutional reforms in India .
In June 1934 the Congress Working Committee declared that the only alternative to the White Paper was to prepare a constitution by the elected Constituent Assembly on the basis of adult franchise.
This was the first occasion when a formal demand for the Constituent Assembly was introduced .
The Working Committee of the All India Congress Committee adopted a resolution at its meeting held in Patna on 5 - 7 December 1934 which ठुकरा the scheme of constitutional reforms recommended in the Joint Parliamentary Committee ( 1933 - 34 ) .
Second the duties of the House are enormous.
It does not have the time to examine each case in detail or make enough discussions .
With a thorough and comprehensive scrutiny of technical and other matters by the Committees the Parliament at the same time can levy on important matters and at the same time it is not lost in matters of policy and comprehensive .
Third Committees are often executed by the Committee on matters which need to be considered in a calmer and so far as possible in a non - partisan environment .
The setting up of different opinions and effecting compromises through the process of exchange may be expected in the atmosphere of committees where members operate on the basis of party loyalties and are naturally concerned with building their own images among members .
Fourth since there is no difference in the actual composition of both the Houses of Indian Parliament the Rajya Sabha has nearly become a House of nearly equal importance .
Even if this is not so it cannot be said that the Rajya Sabha is a traditional सदन or revising Chamber or a house of elders or experts guarding against hasty or faulty legislation .
Under these circumstances the Select Committees and the Joint Committees on Legislation inter alia play the role of a traditional second house .
The Fifth point is that in a party system like the दलीय in the Indian Parliament - LRB - दलीय - RRB - some of the Committees perform functions that otherwise belong to the Opposition - they keep the executive wary and prevent it .
These Secretariats thus function as independent Secretariats under the direction and control of the Chairman or the Speaker .
According to established conventions orders relating to the service of officers and staff of its ministries and departments not automatically apply to the officers and staff of the Lok Sabha Secretariat and Rajya Sabha Secretariat .
However if any modification or alterations are considered necessary in a financial order orders are issued after consultation with the finance ministry .
If the officers and staff of the Legislature Secretariat have to depend on the Home Ministry . Finance or any other department of the government for the future of their service and pay scales etc. it is obvious that they could not be independent against the executive .
Budget of both Houses of Parliament is maintained in the matter of salaries and allowances of the members of Parliament and expenditure incurred on facilities offered to them .
These expenses are met from the Consolidated Fund of India .
The demands for separate grants in respect of the Rajya Sabha and the Lok Sabha are placed before both Houses of Parliament .
The Parliament sanctions the expenditure through the Appropriation Act every year .
No cut motions are allowed to be moved in the House on the demands of the two Houses and their Secretariats .
नहीं of hands to attract the attention of the Chair is not considered to be a simple parliamentary practice .
No member should speak unless he attracts the Chair and the Chair is asked to speak .
The members have been criticized by the Speaker either on a debate or on another member ' s speech or on a regular commentary on the minister ' s statement .
When a member is speaking in the House and any other member during the course of a dispute arises from the permission of the Presiding Officer to raise a question of propriety or raise a personal explanation the member should take his seat .
If a member wants to comment on any matter before the House or to address any other member speaking to the House asking him to ask questions about any matter in the matter or for the purpose of any explanation .
The member should speak from his allotted place and rise .
But if a member is unable to cause sickness or infirmity he is permitted by the Speaker to speak .
While speaking a member the members of the House should always be addressed to the Chair by not addressing the person in the past and should speak to other members through the Chair .
This theory seems to be a mere formality but is strictly adhered to so that controversy does not take the form of dialogue between members .
After examining that notice if the Speaker thinks that a prima facie case of breach of privilege or that the matter raised is not in order the Speaker may refuse his consent to raise the matter .
As far as the theory is concerned it is right that this will not work on the part of the community . "
I mean that though the mind cannot seize the formless form of Brahman as everything else can concentrate on it . "
If a small part of something is caught up in the mind it is gradually possible to take part in it - until it has been fully realised .
Either it is beyond speech and imagination है or not .
At the same time if the mind can partially conceive it can be realised through the other sense - vision hearing taste touch and touch .
If they do so they will be against the nature of Brahman .
When the mind is dissolved the Brahman is conceived .
When the mind moves slowly the knowledge - that is eliminated .
He who is beyond the grasp of the mind and on account of which the mind मन ( as the Yogin ) is the Brahman and not what is worshipped .
One who cannot be seen by the eyes but sees the eyes is the Brahman and not what is worshipped .
He who is not heard by the ears but by which the ears are heard : that is Brahman and not what is worshipped .
It seems that Ramalinga perhaps with the establishment of a Sanmarga Sangam in the last years of his Karunguzhi saw that he had prepared himself for the great mission of his life .
Inspired by his object and devotion to God he began to speak like a preacher .
He said definitely :
In his pamphlet on compassion he has clearly indicated that it is irrelevant to the duty of compassion .
During the evening he gave discourses to the crowds who came from far off places and listened to him and advised him to him .
Whenever the provisions were interrupted they would inform them and say to them : by the morning your requirements will be met and indeed the next morning filled with rice and vegetables .
In May 1870 after four years in Vadalur Ramalinga shifted to वडलूर .
There he was held in the house of . of the Vaishnava cult .
It was a small building in a room .
He chose to open nearly fifty acres of loose ground near the Eating House .
Behind one is a seven - coloured screen representing the seven phases of illusion in the mundane world ; it covers the inner light by knowledge and grace .
Each room opened a door and every window every pillar every pillar every pillar and every arch has a सीढी a सीढी a सीढी a सीढी a सीढी a लकडी a chain a chain a लकडी a chain .
The announcement that he made on the occasion of the opening of the Sabhai gave us some lines of his personal experience .
Friends का who has attained the rare birth of human beings : I know what it is time for in all my efforts I have not yet attained the knowledge beyond which I have no idea .
I wish it should be your great pleasure .
The awareness of the identity of the soul in the infinite which is the object of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law and of the soul which fills it with the delight of the Spirit I have achieved.
All these castes were open to the people of the धर्म sect .
They could worship from outside .
In a song he expresses his gratitude to God saying that one hour in Tamil days of 24 minutes alone was the grace of him in getting the position of yoga .
While on the one hand he approved the traditional and Vedic hypothesis of liberation he also pointed out that this was not the final goal it was only the marginal phase which lay in the Divine .
According to him liberation and perfection are two aspects of the same मुक्ति liberation is a mature stage in existence self - perfection self - existence.
In order to assure his disciples and followers he gave them the warning :
Be sure that by me you will be able to get fruit .
Within a few days my body will disappear from the grace of God .
He gave a statement to the अंग्रेजी in English ; whose support was supported by a judge of the मद्रास Court of Madras and Vice - President of the Madras Theosophical Society .
The statement was published in the book 1882 on एसोटेरिक 1882 and The हुआ of July 1882 at 1882 in September 1969 in September 1969 .
I am confident that they have to overcome all such doubts as not to be called the उन्मूलन empty delusion or the Society on a insecure basis .
Then giving a brief account of Ramalinga 's life व्यक्तित्व personality and sermons Velayuda Mudaliar declares :
In 1867 he founded a society called वेद Veda . Sangam meaning a society based on the principles of universal brotherhood .
Needless to say these principles are similar to the Theosophical Society.
Our society could last for five to six years but during this period a large number of poor people were provided with fees .
But in the last four months of the year he gave up lecturing altogether and maintained a continuous silence .
And when they got rid of it they felt : " I was not just like a man .
It is a very important document that Evelyn आत्मा has described as one of the few authentic histories of the spirit which are very few in numbers . "
On his return home Devendranath divided many of his personal possessions into friends and others .
But apart from the wisdom of material products he had neither enjoyed nor gained any knowledge .
My life was full of sorrow and the world seemed to be like a graveyard .
In such a mental situation I saw one day that I had a page of some Sanskrit work before me .
While Debendranath God - intoxicated was laying the foundation of a new religion . on the other hand Dwarkanath was dazzled by his countrymen .
He hoped to share with his son the wealth of the family and continue to collect and spend money in the family tradition but the son was lost in another mission .
Thus it was natural for his father to be disappointed and angry .
He once said " Where does he have the mind to concentrate on business " and now he has closed his eyes to it and the whole day lies in the रट of Brahma and Brahma . "
A shrewd precaution the father had already taken .
He did not forget that after his death his fast - spreading long and wide - spread and full - of - business which led the son into the clutches of debt - he always made a trust of some real estate .
A superb gambler he knew that fortune was an uncertain प्रेयसी .
Soon after Dwarkanath ' s death in London it was discovered that the liability of the firm was much greater than his property .
There was a heavy pressure on the bank and the famous business house of Carr Tagore & Co. had to close its door .
Generally they travelled every year to the western plains of the Himalayas far away from their home .
He was a remarkable personality of man and nature and his biography was full of vivid descriptions of nature and shrewd observations on men and events .
Before such a trip in 1856 for some time he had been खिन्न by the impermanence and ill - health of life and the world and wanted to spend his rest on his favourite Himalayas .
It was a day of September 1858 when he was travelling on the mountains and as he was his wont to see a lovely sight of a spring .
The stream was clean clear and beautiful ; but as soon as it came from the valley it उतरकर and दूषित .
Yet लथपथ with mud and bereft of their pride they will उपजाऊ the land and help humanity .
It was a privilege that the Maharshi would descend from the high - Himalayan platform on the earth where he would once spend the last years of his life in God ' s sadhana within three years of his life .
The Maharshi gave many संतान to the people but the most valuable gift was his fourteenth child .
However the occurrence of this child may be said to be something different .
In such a family संतान would perhaps be a special welcome to the fourteenth child in a family where all the elder brothers and sisters and their families live together in the same joint family .
The long - wide and rambling mansion at हवेली was as well as the grandchildren and grandchildren and the arrival of an additional member was not of much importance .
The child was named Rabindranath or Rabi for short.
He was a healthy and Gora a child though he was not very much like his brothers and sisters perhaps because his elder sister गोरा Devi would not have been too strong enough to swallow - up her younger brother but she would not have been Gora .
When the child grew up he was relegated to the house by another घर रवि and पला thus raising his health .
The mother ' s health had broken down after the birth of the fifteenth child and let them see all things in the family of परिवार including many daughters - in - law sons and daughters - in - law and all their children .
With the frequent trouble of a joint Hindu family the Tagores had embraced some new troubles and one of them was to accept as members of the household.
Sharada Devi . was truly a woman of uncommon character - who had maintained a congenial blending of such a large family .
It is indeed sad that we do not know much about the extraordinary woman who had kept herself in the darkness of the greatness of others .
But the husband devoted to religious reforms had no such leisure that he could give more time to his wife .
His eldest son was कवि who was remarkable पुत्र - poet थे musician philosopher and mathematician .
Whatever he did shows his great originality . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
His experiments in poetry and structure were remarkable and daring which greatly influenced the genius of his youngest brother .
There was no distinction between him as an extraordinary thinker and philosopher .
He invented the shorthand in Bengali and wrote a manual on it in verse which was described by a discerning critic as “a monument of extraordinary intelligence and a metrical wonder. "
His son Satyendranath was the first Indian to play the stronghold of the Indian Civil Service .
But at the same time they were far more outstanding .
He was a Sanskrit scholar and had an extraordinary control over Bengali and English writings .
He was the first writer to introduce Bengali readers from Marathi religious poetry .
He translated the Maharshi ' s अंग्रेजी into English which was later published by देवेन्द्रनाथ लंदन London .
His young wife was an unusual variety of virtues and virtues but mostly of women like illiterate and पर्दे
He succeeded in educating her not only in Bengali and English but in all the accomplishments of the age .
His son Surendra and daughter Indira was a very handsome and gifted man and a favourite companion of Rabindranath Tagore for his studies had been recognised for the first time in England as a महिला of Bengali literature .
Sharada शारदा was the third son of शारदा - who died comparatively young and died mainly in forty years he remembered with great respect as he had written at the time of his early education .
बालक . who had the weight of reading and writing of children Rabi and his companions insisted that children should be taught not in English but in their mother tongue .
Years later the poet had written about this small boon : " The process of study should be more or less similar to that of food .
With the food consumed in Kaur our stomach becomes very conscious of its function before it is fed and therefore the whole digestion is received .
सादर to the memory of the dead soul . "
He strove to break the British monopoly of shipping and industry and nearly ruined himself in the process.
His influence on the intellectual and poetic development of his younger and more famous brother was considerable.
In Sarada Devi ' s second child the eldest among her two daughters was शारदा . who looked after the young poet and who later received the great sister and daughter of the older saint कुमारी .
They had to pay a lot of money for their मातृत्व and they had perhaps little surplus left to give .
Hunger for the mother ' s affection which never seemed to be lost in her child ' s childhood and appeared again as a longing to love and love for women .
And many years later when the rich poets remember their childhood there is no sign of self - pity .
Rather they are sharing themselves for the sake of this gift because in the absence of a heroic longing they could keep away from the dangerous luxury and लाड .
Though a child was not loved very much. But since there was a great reputation for aristocratic ways the home children grew more or less in simplicity .
For love enlarges understanding.
The difference between friendship and love is that between the first two persons and the world there is a perception of the world .
In friendship one plus three become one in love one plus one , is the same . "
" आत्म is another name for आत्म .
That is why the सौंदर्यपूर्ण scene निकाल out of itself gives joy . "
" Some people say that a woman is like a zero ; so when she &gt; a स्त्री - LRB - स्त्री - RRB - she gives her the wrong direction and wrong .
Needless to say I do not agree with those who accuse women . "
" Our elders said that modesty is woman ' s best ornament .
But women put on so many ornaments that there is little room left for them . "
Rabindranath stayed in Ahmedabad for only four months but this is a remarkable moment in his mental development .
And he does it for a lighter breath .
I also remember that I had heard the appreciation of my personality for the first time and that was often very delicately .
For instance दाढी he gave me particular emphasis on doing one thing: he never kept a beard .
But she herself did not live to see what her face claimed to be अनसुनी . "
He gave her the name Nalini the name of the imaginary sweetheart in his long narrative poem कविता - LRB - The poet रवीन्द्र - RRB - published much earlier .
He recited the poem to her and translated it into English for her .
He was not only inspired by the same poem but in many other poems it was repeated .
But Tagore never forgot his memory and speaks in his later life - time whenever he comes to the conversation or in a conversation or in a very lucid and lively manner .
In September 1878 Tagore sailed for England with his elder brother Satyendranath .
In the past few days Dr . K . के has given me a deep insight into which camera is the name of the bird and Ms. . asked me that I have seen कैमरा before .
The houses here are well - decorated and clean and the floor is neat and clean ; the floor is nothing but a different idea of cleanliness .
While we do not hesitate to put any थूकना or खांसी in our room the people who are more concerned with cold and cough थूकना consider it better in their थूकना and put back in their pockets .
The women may be very careful about their महिलाएं but they wash regularly with their faces arms and arms .
In many houses there are no bathrooms . "
There is a great deal of difference between our own country and the women here .
His elder brother had realised that if Rabindra was to earn any benefit from his study abroad he would be alone .
He had now completely submerged himself in the cascade of songs and wrote his first musical नाटक .
The author has already warned us that this play is not meant to be read but to be seen and heard on the stage .
In Tagore ' s work the robber chief does not change the robber chief but the कातर cry of a young girl से to whom his fellow - goddess Kali is engaged in sacrifice .
भटकने भटकने छुडऋआते him to the दस्यु दस्यु तितर्रबितर the दस्यु and wandering in search of his true mission .
The goddess Saraswati appears to her and tells her that she herself appeared as a girl to stimulate human compassion .
He gives it the gift of song and says: " The music of pity which melted your stone will become in your voice the music of humanity softening and संगीत millions of hearts .
Your voice will ध्वनित from one place to another and many poets will echo your songs . "
Through this play Rabindra launched his campaign against the orthodox tradition in Indian music .
While caring for both classical and secular traditions both of them showed respect for the inviolable sanctity of inviolable both .
Even he did not hesitate to borrow from western ragas though he did not do much about it and offered it his own .
Whatever else he may be he showed no zest in उत्साह a new form of abstract music .
His own music is so inextricably blended with the के or words of a lyrical song that it is almost impossible to separate the musical melody with a poetic touch .
But it is also true that some people do not see the intricate music of the words गुंथे in their songs .
During his stay in England Tagore had heard serious western music and had gradually learnt to appreciate its merits .
He admired the European music his romantic nature and its रोमानी variety of abundance of abundance of abundance of wealth of life the उठते of life and the ever - changing shade and light on his creative waves .
He had read in Herbert Spencer ' s The Origin and Function of Music that emotion gives language a चढाव चढाव .
Article 1 ( 3 ) of the Constitution laid down that the Union of India could acquire a foreign territory .
( मगनभाई ) भारत Patel v. Union of India ( 1970 ) 3 100 )
Under Article 2 3 and 4 of the Constitution the Parliament of the Union may by ordinary legislation admit or establish new States in the Union ; or alter the names of the existing states .
Under the citizenship provisions a single citizenship has been granted to all the people of India and not a double citizenship of the Union and the states .
Thus the Preamble provisions of our Constitution put an end to all concepts of traditional संघवाद divided sovereignty autonomy of States etc .
Moreover the founding fathers sought to clarify for all times that Sovereignty in our country lay in the people themselves and that all the organs and functionaries of the Union and the states were derived from the people of India .
Socialism was not meant for the Constitution to be wedded to any ideology or ism or to be limited by any economic theory .
He therefore did not agree with any reference to socialism inter alia .
But the Preamble did mention the resolve to provide economic justice and equality of opportunity to all citizens .
The term का was inserted by the Constitution गया Act 1976 to highlight the features of our Republic .
It is the most powerful poem in the whole book , vigorous and passionate .
Rahu the demon who loves the moon and eternally chases her is in Rabindranath ' s poem a sensual greedy and devouring aspect of love which is ever present .
Whether the young poet has seen or not seen the aspect of life in it he is aware of his love .
It is a love that should be innocent and noble - it has not escaped from its agony and bite .
He was with them फसल who loved most and felt that their strength was increasing every day even if they were शक्ति but these were days of शिथिल .
The earliest प्रमाद and an nameless hunger - मारे worn in their hearts were now driven out of their way to पुरुषोचित and neutral insight and they began to enjoy the pleasures of the world and life .
In the text of the Preamble the object of socialism has often been given the highest place .
It has been mentioned just after the complete mastery .
But the word socialism was not defined in the Constitution .
Different people make different meanings and have no definite definitions .
According to dictionary socialism the means of production and distribution should be wholly or in public hands i. e. ownership or control of the state .
Socialism meant elimination of inequality in income and status and standards of living .
A woman is not even beaten up in her torture .
Soon after this the विसर्जन performed in the बलि ( विसर्जन ) drama also shows a conflict between a king and a queen .
The queen of this composition meets with forces of reaction against her husband .
This conflict is more dramatic and बहुआयामी in its intensity between the husband and his wife between the mundane power of love and priestly love and duty between the dictate of rites and the prescribed laws .
The ending of this drama is also a tragedy and a dramatic end of an innocent life but in this process love triumphs and the Deity dethroned in the temple finds its exact place in the heart of man .
During the later years of his life . whenever he lived up to him he would go on his journey .
If he could not go far he would have changed his house .
This time the poet however did not send a letter to Bharati ' s घर home but he wrote a regular diary which was published after his return from the journal यूरोप in Europe .
Like all his prose writings his diaries are full of charming and delicate observations and are full of lyrical humour .
The first entry in the diary is 22 August 1880 - when I left Bombay on the steamer .
In the days of Kalidasa his beloved was cut from a distance of a few hundred miles away from his beloved . had been composed of several cantos .
In the age of this poem a गीत . or a lyric would be enough a couplet or a मिसरे in the atomic age .
But such जहाज take their way to जहाज when the ship जहाज and the monsoon rains it would seem like a खाने in the waters of the Arabian Sea .
And as during his first visit Tagore had locked in his cabin and never went out for four days in a row.
In the coming years of his life he learnt how to make a good sailor and how many times did he travel to the sea - but he never forgot his love for the sea .
The sea - ships seemed to him to be a dead fort where passengers did not know how to cut times .
( राज्य v. Bombay State AIR 1960 SC 1960 ) Article 4 has revealed that under articles 2 and 3 new States will not be brought into existence without any changes in the laws and laws made by them .
Therefore the Constitution ( Ninth Amendment ) Act was enacted to transfer parts of the पाकिस्तान बेरुबाडी territory to Pakistan .
Over the past four decades with the ease that India ' s map has been रूप it is proof that the Constitution has a unique लोच and लोच and that it requires Article 2 and 4 .
Citizenship parts 2 . Article 5 - 11 Citizenship constitutes the indispensable foundational principle of democratic polity .
Broadly the amended section 3 of the माता Act provides that citizenship can earn by birth only the person who was a citizen of India at the time of birth .
Moreover the Act provides for acquisition of Indian citizenship by birth , descent रजिस्ट्रीकरण registration के or by incorporation of territory.
Likewise it provided for termination of citizenship by way of renunciation voluntary acquisition of citizenship of another country or by compulsory deprivation by the Government of India on certain grounds .
The Act also provides special provisions for the citizenship of the Commonwealth .
A person born outside India after 26 January 1950 subject to certain requirements : if his father was a citizen of India ;
It is important to remember in relation to the citizenship provisions in the Constitution and this law that the framers of the Constitution decided to provide a single Indian citizenship with the objective of building an integrated Indian nation and a united fraternity .
All citizens whether they are born in any state ; without any discrimination there are rights and duties .
When the Constituent Assembly undertook to work in its own hands it was the first idea of making a right ' .
A comprehensive charter of rights was soon evolved through various stages in the Assembly and its Committees .
Dr .
Immediately after the Universal Declaration of Human Rights the Constitution of India consisted in keeping with the contemporary democratic and humanitarian temper and constitutional practice in other countries of the world .
It was a proof of how keen the Constitution - maker was to incorporate and implement the basic principles enunciated in the Universal Declaration .
Moreover in view of the special problems of minorities and the need to assure them of their fullest protection the basic rights enshrined in our Constitution were necessitated .
In the Preamble values of liberty and equality befitting the dignity of man have been announced with great emphasis .
These fundamental rights substantially cover all the traditional civil and political rights enumerated in articles 2 to 21 of the Universal Declaration .
Equality before law and Equal protection of all laws ( article 14 ) protection of conviction in respect of offences ( article 20 ) protection of life and personal liberty ( article 32 ) protection of fundamental rights under certain conditions .
But there are certain rights which can be claimed only by the citizens such as religion religion race sex or place of birth ( article 15 ) equality of opportunity and respect of public employment ( article 16 ) .
Originally article 19 ( l ) and article 31 contained the right to property to acquire hold and sell property subject to the right of compulsory acquisition for public purpose by the authority of law .
But when the Constitution ( 44th Amendment ) Act 1978 omitted sub - clause ( f ) of article 19 ) and all Article 31 (
Articles 31 ( b ) inserted by the First Constitutional Amendment ) and article 31 ( b ) inserted by the Twenty - fifth Amendment ) were intended to provide for acquisition of estates which governed the provisions of Acts and regulations specified in the Ninth Schedule .
Article 33 - 35 empowers the Parliament to give special attention to the armed forces .
It is true that the fundamental human rights enshrined in the Constitution of India are hedged in by numerous limitations and restraints .
The fundamental rights conferred upon the individual are in the form of restrictions or restrictions on the actions of the state .
( Subodh Gopal Bose AIR 1954 SC 92 ) .
Though it does not specifically mention the freedom of the Press it has been held that this right is included in the right to freedom of speech and expression .
In other words the युद्ध rebellion against the state may be a great threat to the security of the state by waging war against the युद्ध insurrection etc .
Therefore the expression of such ideas or the expression of a speech that provides उकसाने or incentives to people like murder - LRB - articles 19 ( 2 ) - RRB - would be the reasonable ground for imposition of restrictions ( the state of Bihar (
Every speech in which the state tends to degenerate may be made punishable ( Santosh Singh v. Delhi Administration AIR 1973 SC प्रशासन ) .
However in recent years the court has adopted a liberal approach in regard to the law of contempt ( see AIR 1978 SC 1978 ) .
नहीं : Freedom of speech and expression does not entitle a citizen to defame a person .
According to this definition it is a criminal offence to make a person suffer by contempt.
This was also the basis of a ban on the freedom of speech and expression held for crime in 1951 .
The Supreme Court is of the opinion that incitement to murder or other violent crimes would generally endanger the security of the state .
( State of Bihar v. देवी Devi AIR 1952 SC 329 ) .
This right to impose on the right to freedom of speech and expression was inserted in 1963 by the Constitution Amendment in order that no person could challenge the integrity or sovereignty of India or any part of India .
Meetings processions and demonstrations are inevitable consequences of democratic arrangements .
Generally the rights conferred by these rights are exercised to challenge the orders of the स्वतंत्रताओं or स्वतंत्रताओं that reduce the two freedoms .
In the case of B . N . N . खरे ( AIR 1950 SC 1950 ) the Supreme Court held that mere reason this order does not become illegal there is no litigation in the individual resolution of the executive .
In another case the court held that law which could only impose reasonable interest on any citizen ( i . e . ii ) ii the imposition of the rules relating to a permit regulations being violative of the Act ) denied reasonable restrictions .
Restrictions to safeguard the interests of the Scheduled Tribes are provided with in view of their distinct culture oriented language and custom .
The right to culture and education protection of the interests of the minority sections Article 29 guarantees to every section of citizens residing anywhere in India whose special language is a भाषा script or culture .
पंजाब AIR 1971 SC भटिंडा - RRB - in relation to Kerala Education Bill 1958
पंजाब AIR 1971 SC भटिंडा - RRB - in relation to Kerala Education Bill 1958
While trying to avoid the possible conflict between the rights of the individual and the needs of the community on the one hand the necessary restrictions on fundamental rights were imposed on the other the more positive Directive Principles of State Policy .
It is therefore clear that these constitutional directives are not merely moral precepts but are positive mandates and are regarded as part of the human rights provisions of the Constitution .
But the Directive Principles did not give any legal rights which arose as a breach of them nor do they give any power to the legislature .
Speaking in the Constituent Assembly .
Ambedkar had categorically stated that the Directive Principles were not intended to be mere pious declarations .
The Directive Principles are an effective part of the Constitution and form an important part of this vision for the Constitution wants to achieve the ideal of a democratic state in the Preamble and to realise the ideal of that social and economic revolution .
The Preamble is a relation between the Fundamental Rights and the Directive Principles .
Both the Fundamental Rights and the Directive Principles are the soul of the Constitution .
It is now clear that there is no essential dichotomy between the rights and duties or between the Fundamental Rights and the Directive Principles .
They complement and supplement each other .
While presenting a proposal to the Select Committee on the Constitution ( First Amendment ) Bill 1951 1951 Jawaharlal Nehru refers to the possibility of a struggle between the Fundamental Rights and the Directive Principles and the manner in which the Constitution has arrived .
But where a party is not in a position to form a government on its own it is possible to have a number of पार्टी and there are also variations in the number of groups .
In the case of the sovereignty of Parliament the Supreme Court has also expressed various perspectives ( See Union of India ) - LRB - . v. State of Madras ( मद्रास v. राज्य AIR 1951 SC भारत ) .
But in the Gopalan case it is held that within the specified limits of its powers the Parliament is supreme .
The function of Parliament is to make the main functioning of the legislature by law .
Under article 245 - 246 Parliament can make laws for the whole or any part of India within its jurisdiction under the division of legislative powers between the Union and the States .
Legislation in relation to the Union List can only be made by Parliament .
Both the Union and the States have concurrent power to legislate in the concurrent framework .
If there is any conflict between the Union and the State laws the former prevails ( article 254 ) .
The residuary powers also vest in the Parliament ( article शक्तियां ) and entry of the Union List ( 97 ) .
In many articles the Parliament has been empowered to make laws on such powers in various matters such as संसद ' Parliament may by law except otherwise provided by law and not by Parliament by law . "
No grounds arguments proofs or justification are needed .
Parliamentary control over public finance : levy or revision of taxes and voting of supplies and grants is the most important checks on the Executive so that it cannot exercise arbitrary powers .
No taxes can be legally levied and no expenditure incurred from the Government exchequer without specific parliamentary authorization ( articles 114 - 116 and 265 ) .
There are several channels to ensure administrative प्रशासनिक parliamentary devices like संसदीय questions discussions on various motions like संसदीय scrutiny by the संसद Committee and the Minister who actually represents the Parliament and controls his department on behalf of Parliament .
For further studies see Subhash C. . Our Parliament . National Book Trust New Delhi .
Judges of the Supreme Court shall be paid such salaries as may be specified by Parliament by law and unless such decision - making shall be paid in the second list ( article 125 ) .
When the office of the Chief Justice of India is vacant or when the Chief Justice is unable to perform the duties of his office the President shall appoint one of the other judges of the court and he shall perform the duties of the Chief Justice .
If at any time there is no quorum of the judges of that court to conduct or continue the session of the Supreme Court at any time the Chief Justice of India is entitled to appoint such judges as the High Court considered fit .
He can do so only with the previous consent of the President and consultation with the Chief Justice of the concerned High Court .
The judge so appointed would have a duty to give priority to the duties of the Supreme Court .
The Chief Justice of India may appoint a retired judge of the Supreme Court or a retired judge of the Supreme Court of India for a period as much as he thinks fit as a judge of the Supreme Court .
It may also be with the consent of the President and the person to be so appointed ( articles 127 and 128 ) .
The power and jurisdiction of the Supreme Court :
On a question of law or fact of public importance the President may ask for the opinion of the Supreme Court on which he thinks it expedient to obtain such an opinion .
After such reference from the President the Supreme Court will report on it to the President after a hearing which he thinks fit .
The President is free to recognise him or not .
The President may by such reference make a treaty agreement थी covenant engagement . . or any other instrument which had been entered into or executed before the commencement of this Constitution and thereafter the Supreme Court may have .
Under article 138 the Supreme Court shall have such additional jurisdiction and powers with respect to any of the matters in the Union List .
This enlarges the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court and provides it with very special jurisdiction to hear cases of urgent nature directly and in its original jurisdiction .
The due process gives ample scope to the Supreme Court to protect the rights of its citizens .
It can declare laws violative of these rights void not only on substantive grounds of being unlawful but also on procedural grounds of being unreasonable.
It is not expected to consider its reasonableness suitability or policy complications .
The Supreme Court pronounces its judgement on a specified case by a specified petition .
It does not give advice or advice on general direction .
There should be an aggrieved person who petitions the validity of the statute which has adversely affected his rights .
It has to show that the law has brought about any direct injury or danger of immediate access and the damage that has been complained to is वाद .
This judgement allows individuals and citizens to seek judicial relief in the interest of the public .
The effect of law declared against the Constitution would be binding on all courts within the territory of India under Article 141 .
Therefore if the Supreme Court declares any law to be a legislative competence or a violation of fundamental rights it will be binding on all courts in the territory of India .
Independence of the judiciary : In a representative democracy administration of justice assumes special significance since the rights of individuals are questioned and need to be protected by the intervention of the executive or legislative .
The independent and supreme judiciary in a federal polity is an essential requisite particularly between the Union Government and governments of the constituent units and a functional division of powers between the executive legislature and judiciary .
An independent and impartial judiciary is an essential requisite for ensuring human rights and protecting democracy .
Only an independent judiciary can act effectively as the guardian of the rights of the individual and the Constitution .
The Constitution provides for a High Court for each state .
However Parliament may by law establish a common High Court for two or more States or for two or more States and a Union territory ( articles 114 and न्यायालय ) .
A higher court issues a lower court or tribunal and aims to prohibit it from exceeding its jurisdiction .
Apart from the above - mentioned High Courts under Article 226 can issue other directions and orders in the interest of justice ( . v. न्यायालय AIR 1954 SC 440 ) .
( See for Public Interest Litigation - LRB - न्यायालय - RRB - Under the ' subordinate courts ) the Governor appoints in consultation with the High Court .
The person who is not already in the Government service should have at least seven years of experience ( article 233 ) to qualify for the post of a District Judge ) .
Article 233 inserted by the twentieth Amendment Act वैध the appointment of certain district judges and the decisions taken by them ( articles 233 ) .
Appointment of persons other than district judges to the judicial service of a state shall be made by the Governor .
In case of such appointments the High Court may have to consult other than the State Public Service Commission ( article के ) .
Thus it may be said that there are several States within the Constitution of India .
Generally speaking provisions for the States follow the Union style .
At the state level also there is a parliamentary system of government with a constitutional head and the ministers are responsible to the people of the legislature .
The minister uses the right executive power .
The President may remove him from the post at any time ( Surya Narayan v. Union of India AIR 1982 .
Some Governors may also have to discharge certain special responsibilities under articles करना to 371 .
executive powers are vested in the executive power of the state in the Governor and exercised by him in accordance with the Constitution ( article अधीनस्थ ) .
The executive power of the state is extended according to its legislative power .
The Advocate General for the State is appointed by the Chairman and members of the State Public Service Commission and the judges of subordinate courts ( articles 165 316 283 283 and 165 ) .
The Governor appoints the Chief Minister and other ministers on the advice of the Chief Minister .
In practice मंत्रिपरिषद means that only a person supported by a majority in the Assembly shall be appointed Chief Minister and the Council holds office until it has the confidence of the House ( article 32 ) .
He may also nominate to the Legislative Assembly a person of the Anglo - Indian community to whom he may in his opinion be necessary to have adequate representation in the Assembly ( article के ) .
The Government of India Act 1935 1935 proposed that there should be a federal polity in India - a central government and the Provinces deriving its jurisdiction and powers by direct devolution from the Crown .
Since a limited government was established at the provincial level the nationalists naturally asked for more powers for provincial legislatures .
When the Constituent Assembly met in 1946 and early 1947 the idea was that there should be a Federation ( including a Centre with limited powers .
Before the Union Constitution Committee could transact any worthwhile business the Mountbatten Plan of 3 June 1947 was announced .
All hopes of preserving the integrity of the nation were found in dust and the partition of the country on communal basis became a determined decision .
The Union Constitution Committee and the Provincial Constitution Committee decided in a joint meeting on 5 June that in view of the announcement of June 3 the limitations imposed by the Cabinet Mission ' s plan of action had been abolished .
When Partition became a reality there was no need to appease the Muslim League and restrict the powers of the Union Government .
If there is any contradiction between the laws made by Parliament under article 249 and 250 and the laws made by the Legislatures of States the laws made by Parliament would be over and the law of the state would be अप्रवर्तनीय and 251 Law made by Parliament .
According to article 252 two or more State Legislatures by passing a resolution may ask Parliament to make laws on any matter in the State List .
Such laws can be extended to other States provided the concerned state Legislatures pass resolutions to that effect .
Administrative linkages provide for regulation of administrative relations between Articles 256 to 265 .
It is common in federal systems that the administrative relations between the Union and the States are suffering from ग्रस्त .
The Constitution of India seeks to achieve a harmonious relationship between the two stages .
It provides that the executive powers of the State Government are to be exercised in such a way as to ensure compliance with the laws made by Parliament .
The executive of the Union also has the power to give directions to the States which seem to be necessary for the purpose .
Under article 258 the President may with the consent of a state government entrust to that Government or its officers functions in relation to any matter to which the executive power of the Union is extended .
Similarly under Article 258 the Governor of a State may with the consent of the Government of India entrust to that Government or its officers functions in relation to any matter to which the executive power of the State is extended .
A financial control of the Comptroller and Auditor - General of India is a statutory control of parliamentary democracy and a part of 5 chapters 5 and 13 parts 2 and 13 parts ( राज्य ) .
From the above - mentioned executive regime the independence of this office has been ensured that the Comptroller and Auditor General shall be removed only from his office except if the number of members of the House passes by the Supreme Court on behalf of the vote .
Also the Comptroller and Auditor General will not be eligible for any office under the Government of India or any State Government .
His salary etc will be determined by law .
The salaries of the Comptroller and Auditor General are as well as the pay of the judges of the Supreme Court .
The terms and administrative powers of the Comptroller and Auditor - General serving persons in the Audit and Accounts Department shall be such as may be prescribed by the President after consultation with the Comptroller and Auditor General .
The Constitution has given up the responsibility and powers of the Comptroller and Auditor General in respect of the accounts of the Union and the States ( articles 149 and 150 ) .
Article 151 however specifically provided that the reports relating to the accounts of the Union shall be placed before the Comptroller and Auditor - General President and the President shall put them before both Houses of Parliament .
The संपत्ति Property संपत्ति Contracts and है Article 265 lays down a healthy democratic principle of no taxation without taxation and clearly declares that taxes can be imposed only with the authority of law .
Similarly funds will be deposited for all the States in the public accounts of the Union or the allied state .
This restriction does not apply to public accounts ( article प्रतिबंध ) .
4 . To meet unforeseen circumstances under which sudden some expenditure may be necessary , articles 267 संसद Parliament and State Legislatures are entitled to set up their ' contingency funds .
The Contingency Fund is placed in the hands of the Union or State Government ( President or Governor ) to provide advances for meeting unforeseen expenses pending authorization by the legislature .
बीच A scheme of distribution of revenues between the Union and the States is provided in Article 273 .
Accordingly the proceeds of all the taxes levied by the State are fully retained by the concerned States themselves while taxes in the Union List may be allotted to the States .
The taxes which have exclusive right of the Union include limits कर on capital value of assets आयकर on income tax and taxes on subjects in the List .
The taxes on which the State has other rights include items such as land revenue भू duty free of customs duty free of customs duties on land and property tax free of cost and sale of 2 500 residential vehicles etc.
Article 290 A provides for certain sums to be paid by the Consolidated Funds of the States of Travancore and Tamil Nadu .
Credit : According to executive power of the Union Parliament can borrow from the Consolidated Fund of India within the limits fixed by law ( articles 292 ) .
A state can borrow similarly within the limits fixed by the State Legislature .
The Government of India can borrow a state within its borrowing powers or guarantee loans raised by the state .
So long as any such loan is outstanding the State Government cannot borrow any credit without the consent of the Government of India .
Things of value of territorial waters or continental shelf and resources of the exclusive economic zone shall vest in the Union .
The Union and the executive power of each State shall extend to business or business and acquire hold and dispose of property but subject to a law made by article विधानमंडल .
This article obviously is an independent or additional source of executive power apart from article 245 .
The Supreme Court in न्यायालय v . State of Uttar Pradesh ( AIR 1974 SC 1974 ) held that the power of the state under article 298 means that business can also be carried on in other states ( see Maharashtra AIR 1984 SC व्यापार ) .
In भारत v. Union of India ( AIR 1967 SC निरोध ) the decision in the case of निरोध निरोध held that the decision to review the order of detention should be enforced with the principle of natural justice .
There is a marked change in the approach of the Supreme Court to cases of violation of fundamental rights arising in the context of emergency provisions during the proclamation of internal emergency ( 1975 - 77 ) .
In the event of the बंदी Corpus " the बंदी Court refused to interfere in the matter of detention of individuals as there was a clear idea in its opinion that the preventive detention was controlled exclusively by the executive .
In the Union of India v. Union of India ( AIR 1977 SC 359 ) the court held that personal liberty could be suspended during the national emergency under the orders of the President articles 19 21. and 22 .
Most of these decisions of the court lost validity after the 44th amendment inter alia amended articles 352 358 and 359 .
The entire expenditure of the Union and State Service Commissions is charged on the Consolidated Fund of the Union or the Consolidated Fund of the State concerned ( article 322 ) .
The Chairman and Members of Public Service Commissions are appointed by the President or the Governor as the case may be.
Therefore no government department can refuse to refuse any representation on the ground that it is not in the official language .
The teaching of the language provisions particularly Article 343 344 and 351 would show that the ultimate objective is to spread and develop Hindi and gradually use it as the official purposes and the link language .
Article 351 will not have any violation if English is still exercised after a period of 15 years but under article 343 Parliament has been given the power to keep the Union of India in view of the special purposes of which it is specified .
In न्यायालय v. State of Tamil Nadu ( AIR 1976 SC पेंशन ) the Supreme Court annulled an order of the state government whereby the anti - Hindi पेंशन was given pension .
The court held that the order violated article 351 because it excited the feeling of opposition over Hindi instead of promoting it .
After that the authoritative Hindi text of the Constitution has been published .
The Eighth Schedule apart from Hindi our Constitution recognises the need for other languages and their development .
India has 18 languages included in the Eighth Schedule : Assamese बांग्ला Bengali बांग्ला Gujarati बांग्ला Hindi , Kannada , Manipuri मराठी Malayalam , Manipuri मराठी Marathi मराठी Oriya पंजाबी Sanskrit पंजाबी सिंधी Tamil की Telugu and Urdu .
The reforms imposed by this Act did not fulfil the demand of the responsible government and could not be met because it lacked responsibility in the Councils established under it .
For the first time in the chequered history of India during the British rule the statement promised to establish a " responsible government in India .
The संवैधानिक Report . 1918 - 22 is known as the Report on constitutional reforms - LRB - संवैधानिक - RRB - or the भारतीय report .
It was prepared by Lord Macaulay the Viceroy of India Mr स्टेट and the Viceroy of India Lord लार्ड - इंडिया in 1918 .
The report ignored the demand for Dominion Status .
At each stage of constitutional progress the ब्रिटिश approach and speed will be determined by the British and will not be based on any self - determination of the people of India .
By the Act of 1919 and the rules framed thereunder.
The seat of the Central Legislative Council was occupied by a bicameral legislature consisting of a state council ( Upper House ) and a Lower House .
There is no term on the power to amend i . e . a Constitution which cannot be amended .
The fundamental rights guaranteed under the Constitution ( Part III ) are subject to parliamentary power of constitutional amendment .
In Golak Nath ' s case the Supreme Court reversed its earlier decisions by a majority of 6 - 5 and said that the Constitution did not carry out any amendments or powers of legislation .
In 1973 the Supreme Court in the गोलकनाथ Bharati v. State of Kerala ( AIR 1973 SC गोलकनाथ ) reviewed the decision of the Golak Nath case .
10 of the 13 judges held that article 368 itself contained the power of constitutional amendment and the law of Article 13 ( 2 ) did not assimilate the amendment of the Constitution .
Accordingly the law declared in Golak Nath case was overthrown .
Regarding the question whether the power of amendment under article 368 is arbitrary and infinite : Seven Judges with a majority judgement : the power to amend under article 368 is such a limitation .
But what is the infrastructure ? it has not been explained by the majority and the question remained controversial .
In the मामले case after this decision the Constitution ( 42वां Amendment ) Act 1976 added clause 4 and 5 in Art. 368 and the शक्तियों of the powers to amend Parliament were reduced .
This was the first occasion when people were heard listening to the people ' s voice in making legislation and influencing the Government .
It also played a great role in shaping the political future of the country .
When the country was struggling to overthrow foreign domination the assembled masses were struggling in the House .
The world saw how the foreign government was exposed to the wishes of the people or loses its defeat .
Undoubtedly the defeat did not make any difference to the government because the government formed by the nominated executive was not bound to give up .
Nevertheless the कार्यपालिका being a critical legislature the executive had to take care and discretion and have a sense of responsibility to the public .
Lokmanya Tilak described the 1919 reforms as “a disappointing and disappointing and disappointing and unsatisfactory sun but he declared that what was given he would accept and work harder and take the opportunity to achieve it .
His policy of responsive co - operation inter - alia included the emphasis on constitutional rights and if necessary a constitutional obstacle was also involved .
Shrimati ब्रिटेन declared that the scheme was not fit to be moved by Britain and accepted by India .
On 4 November 1948 the Draft Constitution was produced in the Constituent Assembly and recommended for parliamentary system the Chairman of the Drafting Committee said that " the Draft Constitution " preferred more stability.
Though some sounds were heard against the idea of a parliamentary system the Draft Committee resolution was a very large majority in the committee and finally on January 26 1950 the Constitution of a free India was established with all its institutional framework and other institutions .
The three terms . i. e. representative parliamentary and democracy are the basic elements of our political system .
At the commencement of the first session after every general election to the Lok Sabha and at the commencement of the first session of each year the President addresses both Houses of Parliament assembled together and gives reasons for inviting the House meeting .
Further he may address either House of Parliament or both Houses assembled together and require the attendance of members for the purpose .
He has the right to send भेजने or any other message to the House in respect of a Bill pending in Parliament in such a way that the House may be asked to consider the matter as expeditiously as possible .
Some Bills may be introduced only after the recommendation of the President or may be proceeded .
According to the Constitution there are certain other functions which are required by the President .
Whenever necessary he appointed the Speaker and the executive Chairman of the Lok Sabha .
To summon a joint sitting in case of disagreement between the two Houses on a Bill .
The President is responsible for the Budget का of the Government every year called the Annual Financial Statement in the Constitution : संसद and Comptroller and Auditor - General of India - Union Public Service Commission . Special Members for Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes .
If his opinion is that the Anglo - Indian community does not have enough representation in the Lok Sabha he may nominate not more than two members to the House .
Other ministers are appointed by the President from the advice of the prime minister .
It may be added that the President does not have the opportunity to use his personal wish to appoint a Prime Minister .
But if such a situation arises that no party gets a clear majority in the Lok Sabha the President may use a नेता in choosing a leader who in his opinion is likely to support a majority in the House .
Prime Minister is usually a member of Lok Sabha but ministers are drawn to both Houses of Parliament .
A person can also be appointed a minister who is not a member of either House of Parliament but he has to vacate the office after six months unless in the meanwhile he is elected to either of the two Houses .
At the same time every minister holds office during the pleasure of the President and can be dismissed by him .
But since the President does so only on the advice of the prime minister this power actually rests with the prime minister .
The executive and the legislature have close ties and do not have any resistance or division .
The two have not been visualised as two distinct centres competing for power but as partners or सर्हभागीदारों in the business of के .
Ministers can be said in a way that it is a great executive committee of Parliament entrusted with the responsibility of governance on behalf of the parent body .
In other words the executive is not a separate or external body .
However there is a clear distinction between the functions of the Executive and the functions of the Parliament .
The business of the Parliament is to make laws give advice and to criticise public grievances .
The function of the executive is to govern albeit on the part of Parliament .
In the words of the First Secretary of the Indian Parliament :
The Parliament should not take any part in Government ' s responsibilities at any point because once the Parliament has begun to do so the responsibility of the Parliament and the executive becomes vague and inadequate .
Article 13 provides that Parliament may not make such legislation as the State Legislature or any other authority inconsistent with any fundamental right as defined in Part III of the Constitution .
The power of the Supreme Court and the High Courts has been conferred respectively for the enforcement of these rights by Article 32 226 .
के is detrimental to the provisions of the Constitution or rejects any of the fundamental rights .
It is sometimes assumed and often said that the function of a Legislature is to make laws and to carry out the functions of the Executive so the courts are to interpret the Constitution and the laws .
These are very misleading and false .
The state of the Union is divided into states .
A law made by a state can be applied only in the territory of that state .
The Union Parliament can make laws for the whole or any part of India .
Parliament also has the power to legislate राज्यक्षेत्रातीय i . e . a legislation created by it would not only apply to the people and property in the Indian territory but also to the Indian citizens residing abroad .
States do not have the power to make such legislation .
The Constitution provides for the distribution of legislative power between the Union and the States in three ways .
List I or the Union List contains 97 subjects only in respect of which Parliament can legislate .
List II or the State List contains 66 entries over which the State Legislatures can only legislate .
There are 47 items in the List III or the Concurrent List about which both Parliament and the State Legislatures can make laws .
While in their respective spheres allotted by the Constitution Parliament and the State Legislatures enjoy absolute autonomy the scheme of distribution of powers emphasises the general predominance of Parliament in the legislative sphere .
A treaty agreement or convention with a country or an international conference एसोसिएशन Association or other body on a subject which is in the state list even the Parliament has the power to make laws .
Even if asked by Parliament it can make laws on any matter in the state list .
If two or more State Legislatures consider it desirable that any matter in their exclusive jurisdiction should be regulated by Parliament legislation and passed resolutions to that effect the Parliament may make necessary legislation .
However the legislation so enacted is influenced by those States who have made a request and others who may take up the matter later by passing resolutions .
Certain entries in the Union List also give power to the Parliament to take over certain areas and subjects from the field of the state by making requisite declaration by law .
Parliament has the power to separate it from any State or form a new State by uniting two or more states .
( c ) can alter the boundaries of a state ; and ( d ) in the name of a state .
These changes are not like amendments to the Constitution and can be amended by simple majority by Parliament on the recommendation of the President .
Such bills are required to be referred to the legislatures of the respective States for this purpose in the prescribed period .
However the power of bringing about such changes by sending the Bill to the legislatures is not diminished .
: is said to be in another place :
The practical fact of today is that the Prime Minister is the Chief Minister and not the Parliament .
Prime Minister is the leader of the majority in the Lok Sabha and also the head of the government .
He may consult two or three colleagues and take action .
Finally the prime minister is responsible for the policies of the government to the Parliament and the nation . "
Administration is run by permanent civil services .
The Parliament does not interfere with day - to - day administration nor does it control the administration .
Usually the Press works hard to unearth administrative lapses scandals and shortcomings ; complaints of the people and reports on how policies are being implemented .
Much of the information received from daily newspapers for parliamentary questions संसदीय proposals and debates is an important medium on which members rely .
Simultaneously the Press keeps people informed of what is happening in Parliament .
This exchange enables the Press to maintain vital links between people and Parliament .
In view of the मामलों given to these matters and as much information can be said the Press in our country fulfils the need felt alike by members of Parliament and people .
It is a matter of fact that the information is available from different sources to Parliament .
The information provided by the government sources is readily collected and processed but it may sometimes be unilateral or पक्षपातपूर्ण and possibly completely पक्षपातपूर्ण .
The information obtained from other sources like the mass media the political parties the interest groups vested in the राजनीतिक or the स्त्रोंतों the less authentic .
The Government is sensitive to the opinion of the Parliament ; in most cases they have already known ; in some cases they feel that they cannot make any change in their commitments and obligations and political ideology .
However during discussions members have full liberty to criticise and suggest how to work in the future or how to carry out a particular measure .
The discussions affect the people ' s ideas on the administrative system and if not the administration was conscious of the sentiments of the people .
Parliamentary debates remind the administration of its duties and obligations .
Parliamentary debates affect the administrative ideology and functions in a variety of ways and such subtle impact may be exercised on all the high and lower rungs of the administration .
Although the administrators have full freedom to implement the policy in a better manner than possible by Parliament they are nevertheless haunted and guided by the various ideas expressed in the House .
And this can be called the संसद of Parliament .
To address conflicts and to ensure national unity is inevitable in the life of the individual ; conflict of ideas and interests and struggle for strength by various competing forces .
Parliamentary democracy is considered to be a more civilized system of governance because it places the conflict in the streets and in the strife - ridden strife areas and takes matters in the legislatures .
This is particularly when a charge is made against a person who does not have the opportunity to come before the House and explain his position .
Before admission to the factual basis of such questions it may be referred to the concerned Ministries / Departments .
Sometimes members are also asked to send material to support the allegation made in the question .
Moreover if the subject matter of a question is pending before a court of law or before any other tribunal or body set up under law or subject to such a question is not permitted .
It is interesting to note that the question should not be of any matter which is not fundamentally concerned with the Government of India .
Such questions are not admitted where there are arguments सरकारी conclusions or व्यक्तिगत statements or questions about one ' s character or behaviour in his personal capacity and not in his official or public capacity but in questions which seek information .
The questions are grouped according to the terms provided in the Rules.
The Mission was in India since March 1946.
The Mission rejected the demand for Pakistan as a separate sovereign state because it would consist of a large number of non - Muslims in Pakistan and a sizeable population of Muslims would remain outside India .
The Cabinet Mission also rejected the scheme of the असंगठित Federation of the Congress on the ground that it had constitutional weaknesses and disabilities .
He recommended setting up of a committee consisting of groups in the provinces at the top and the provinces and the princely states .
The Cabinet Mission recommended that the Constitution should be in such a way that a Dominion of India should consist of both the Indian States and those which deal with the following subjects should be vested with the necessary foreign powers the Defence and Communication .
A executive and legislative body of the Union comprising representatives of the British India and the princely states .
In the legislature if the question of raising a major communal theme is to be settled by a majority of the representatives present and voting in each of the two premier schools and all the members voting .
All subjects and rights other than those entrusted to the Union shall vest in the States .
A provision should be made in the संघ of the Union and the groups by which any province may after a initial period of 10 years from the majority of its Vidhan Sabha and after that there are ten year conditions .
In each case the Speaker / Chairman determines whether a factual aspect of the case needs elucidation and whether it is so important that it should be placed for discussion .
The procedure in the House on such a discussion is that a member who has started discussing a discussion may ask more than four other members who have given prior notice to this question .
Thereafter at the end the minister concerned replies to the discussion .
The purpose of asking questions according to the definition is to obtain information about the question but in practice the Question Hour is to provide information on most of the questions .
On the one hand it is possible for the parliamentary questions to provide material to the people who provide material for their प्रतिनिधियों grievances problems and problems and problems which may otherwise be solved by the government ' s activities and issues .
Apart from the deterrent effect of parliamentary questions on government functionaries the executive may know how policies are being implemented and how these are affecting the public .
Now - a - days the administrative set up is making it possible for political leaders to find out what is happening in their departments.
From this point of view parliamentary questions are certainly helpful to the Executive since they bring into focus something that is important to the people .
It can certainly be said that members show great interest in using the right to ask questions .
It was therefore considered that any procedure should be devised whereby members may have the opportunity to approach the government on urgent matters .
In the modern parliamentary procedure the idea of arranging Calling Attention Notices in the Rules of Procedure is simply the gift of India .
In this case :
Sometimes it gives opportunity to members to criticise the government directly or indirectly and to bring out inadequate action in an important case .
A member with the previous permission of the Speaker / Chairman may take notice of a Minister on a matter of urgent public importance and request him to make a statement on that case .
The minister may make a short statement or ask for time to make a statement later .
The members' chief source for giving Calling Attention Notices is the daily newspaper .
Sometimes they may be given on the basis of private information of a member or on the correspondence with him .
Notices of Calling Attention have to be given by members in writing by 10. 10 .
No member can give two or more information for a meeting .
Notices on the same subject may be given by more than one member but names of more than five members are recorded on the agenda .
The Speaker sees the notice and selects one of them for a statement by the minister concerned at the House meeting the following day .
In some cases the Speaker may select two notifications for a meeting .
But if the Speaker is of the opinion that the matter is urgent that the Minister should make a statement on the same day he may in his discretion allow the calling - , to go on the same day on which he has .
The idea behind admitting Calling Attention Notices a day or more in advance is that it makes sufficient time for the minister concerned to gather facts about the matter raised and make a statement over time .
No more than two notices can be taken at a meeting to give notice to Ministers .
There is no debate on such a statement but every member in whose name is listed is permitted to ask a question for its explanation .
The main purpose of the Calling Attention Resolution is to make an authoritative statement on a matter of urgent nature .
This process does not involve any censure against the government as there is no regular discussion or voting on the motion .
Some of the subjects on which the ministers have been asked to make statements are as follows : trouble in any part of India ; in any part of the railway dispute ; arrest of railway undertakings ; and others who have been adversely affected by the courts .
While raising the matter the member is not permitted to deviate from the approved text of his statement .
The minister concerned writes to the member directly on matters raised under Rule 377 informing him of the Government ' s views and what action has been taken .
It is important to note that matters so raised are not included in the task list .
Even before the fourth session of the sixth Lok Sabha the use of Rule 377 for raising matters in the House has been limited but thereafter more liberal approach has been adopted to raise different matters of public importance more particularly in their constituencies .
It is seen that members are taking more and more support of this rule and this process has become very popular .
During the tenure of the Ninth Lok Sabha only 36 matters were allowed to be raised under Rule 377 and the number of such cases was मामलों 377 लोक and सभा in the proceedings of the Seventh Lok Sabha .
Being a large member of the Lok Sabha it is difficult to know the opinion or the will of the Deputy Speaker .
16 . The substitute motions which were moved in the place of the substantive motion and its options .
The substantive motion and the substitute motion are discussed together but the approval of the House is taken only on substitute motion .
18 . If accepted the original motion is abolished and then it is not put to vote . but if accepted the original question is put to vote modified .
Subsidiary : These are based on another motion or relates to other motions or follow - up action in the House .
They have no importance in themselves and are not capable of stating the decision of the House without reference to the substantive motion or proceedings of the House .
यद्यपि Motions are moved during a debate on another question and are meant to take the place of that question though they are independent .
A member may move a resolution on a motion to consider a Bill to refer the Bill to a Committee again or to be circulated to a Committee for eliciting opinion ?
26 Accordingly the Speaker may be in the form of a resolution opinion or a declaration of recommendation made in the Lok Sabha ; or it may be appropriate to give due consideration to any matter or situation to which the Speaker may take place .
Similarly in the Rajya Sabha resolution may be in the form of declaration of opinion by the House or in any other form such as the Chairman may consider appropriate .
The following resolutions moved in the Lok Sabha will show what are the usual form of resolutions and what matters are :
" Taking into account that the economic and social conditions of the Scheduled Castes and the Scheduled Tribes have not improved even after thirty - four years of Independence : it recommends that all the educated youth of the community are provided .
27 . It is the opinion of the House that since the emergence of different linguistic and racial groups in the political system of our country has become necessary to पुनर्गठित and संशोधन the provisions of the Constitution.
The differences between motions and resolutions are not easy to differ from each other in motions and resolutions since there are many elements which are alike .
In fact the difference between the two is more of the process and not the object .
Generally both motions and resolutions are changed to one subject and accepted in some form .
? by the fact that development in different areas is not progressing to the aspirations of the nation because of administrative delays in implementation of work ; it recommends that various stages of development are monitored at all levels .
Though no term has been prescribed for this in actual practice , ministers give such information many days before .
These notices are also subject to the same rules of admissibility as the private members' resolutions .
When a government resolution is admitted time is fixed by the House on the recommendation of the Business Advisory Committee .
Resolutions moved by the ministers are generally directed by the House on such international treaties संधियां or agreements entered into by the government ; or some of the national and international policies are approved or approved .
Statutory Resolutions : These resolutions may be moved by a minister and also by a non - official member .
They are known to be under this name because they are always brought into pursuance of a provision of the Constitution or an Act of Parliament and are rightly expected to submit resolutions within the stipulated period .
If in that particular article of the Constitution or in the section of the Constitution under which a statutory determination is not stipulated the period of bringing such a resolution does not have a stipulated period of limitation .
A copy of each such resolution is communicated to the Minister concerned by the Secretary - General after a resolution passed by the House of the Private Resolution or Statutory Resolution .
In such a मनस्थिति - LRB - if six months are over the date of the Bill being passed it is assumed that a deadlock has arisen .
Joint - sitting of the two Houses : on a Bill the disagreement between the two Houses on a Bill causes an extraordinary situation in the matter of a deadlock .
Under the Constitution the President has the power to summon the Bill if the Bill has not व्यपगत due to the dissolution of Lok Sabha both Houses may be invited for joint - sitting purposes and for the purpose of voting .
Such a joint - sitting is presided over by the Speaker and the Secretary - General is assisted by the Deputy Speaker Lok Sabha .
At the Joint meeting the Rules of Procedure of the Lok Sabha apply .
In the Joint meeting only such amendments can be proposed which are necessitated by the delay in passing the Bill .
The decisions at such sittings are taken by a majority of the total members of both the Houses present and voting.
So far only two bills . i . e . the Dowry Prohibition Bill दहेज 1961 and the Banking Service Commission ( Repeal ) have been passed in the Joint meeting .
( 5 ) When a Bill is passed by both the Houses in a separate or joint sitting it is presented to the President for his assent .
If the President withdraws his assent the Bill ends .
The Rajya Sabha cannot reject a Money Bill nor can it amend any Bill .
If any of the recommendations made by the Rajya Sabha are accepted by the Lok Sabha the money Bill is deemed to have been passed by both the Houses with the recommendations accepted by the Lok Sabha .
If no recommendation given by the Rajya Sabha is accepted by the Lok Sabha the Bill shall be deemed to have been passed by both the Houses in the form passed by the Lok Sabha before the amendments is recommended by the Rajya Sabha .
Further if any passed and a Money Bill sent to him for the recommendation of the Rajya Sabha would not be deemed to be transferred to the Lok Sabha within a period of 14 days .
There is no question of disagreement between the two Houses in respect of a Money Bill as in the case of a simple Bill because it has the same power as the Lok Sabha in relation to ordinary Bills .
That is why there is no provision for a joint - sitting in the case of a Money Bill .
technical
Generally speaking a Bill is a Finance Bill which relates to revenue or expenditure .
However since the Finance Bill is not a Money Bill the House is empowered to reject or amend it as it is in the case of any ordinary Bill .
Except for the limits that there is no amendment to the House without the recommendation of the President ; both the Houses are brought to a standstill and the resolution.
The provision for a joint sitting is not applicable in the case of a Money Bill .
The Finance Bill of Category B which inter alia includes one or more proposals from the Consolidated Fund of India and which does not involve any matter mentioned in article 110 may be regarded as an ordinary Bill and that is why the House is regarded .
The recommendation of the President is not required to move it .
But the recommendation of the President is necessary to consider it by any House .
In other words राष्ट्रपति is not a condition to recommend to the President before moving it such as in the case of a Money Bill and a Finance Bill but in this case no Bill can recommend by the President unless such a Bill .
In all other respects the procedure of a Bill inter alia provides for a joint sitting in the event of disagreement between the two Houses is the same .
The procedure laid down in Art. 368 to amend the Constitution .
The Constitution does not provide for any separate constituent body . The power to amend the Constitution vests in Parliament .
To amend the Constitution a Bill can be introduced in either House of Parliament .
Such a Bill can be introduced by the government or by a non - official member .
Generally Bills initiated by ministers are introduced in Lok Sabha .
Apart from being subject to ordinary rules governing the Bills of a non - governmental member it is also necessary to examine and recommend a Bill to be introduced in the House on Bills and Resolutions of non - official members .
But he is not bound to accept such ideas .
According to convention a motion for leave to introduce a Bill of सरकारी is not opposed .
If a motion for presenting a Bill is opposed on the ground that it is outside the legislative competence of the House the Chair may permit full discussion on it and thereafter the motion may be held by vote in the House.
Normally a member can introduce four Bills at a session .
After a Bill is introduced in the Lok Sabha and before it is discussed in the House it is classified into two categories namely i . e . ii .
In Lok Sabha the relative precedence of Bills in a particular category is determined by है .
Bills are incorporated in the schedule of priority fixed by the ministers .
In a parliamentary system the Legislature has to lay down the policies of the Government ; it is necessary to make laws and oversee administration .
But in the modern state the scope and complexity of legislation and administrative functions have made it impossible for the legislature to adequately investigate and monitor the functioning of the administration .
The Government has vast and sophisticated administration machinery and organisation to carry out its complex tasks which have expert and experienced civil servants but these are largely absent in the legislature .
Through parliamentary devices like questions and debates it can keep a watch over the administration .
Parliamentary monitoring is more effective and meaningful in this respect the Parliament needs an agency that believes all over the House .
With other things the Parliament seeks to achieve this objective through its committees in which some of its members work in India particularly .
The review of administrative functions and the examination of various and complex legislative proposals and subordinate legislation require expertise and close scrutiny which are not possible in the Lok Sabha since it involves 545 members .
Ad hoc Committees : Such Committees may be broadly divided into two categories ( a ) Select or Joint Committees on Bills which may consider and report specific bills .
These committees differ from other ad hoc Committees to which they are concerned with the Bills and the procedure followed by them is laid down by the Chairman both in the Rules and in the directions given by the Chairman and by the Speaker .
For example a Committee was constituted in 1951 to आचरण the conduct of Shri H . G . Mudgal on a motion adopted by the लोक Lok Sabha .
The Railway Convention Committee appointed from time to time is the Joint Committee on Offices of Profit and any other Committee appointed by the House or by the Speaker or Chairman for some specific purpose .
The main Joint Committees of the two Houses were formed in respect of matters such as salary allowances and pension समितियां Gun Deal and Bank Security सौदा .
The Committees are constituted by members of the सदन Committees Resolutions के or elected by the House or by the Speaker or Chairman as the case may be .
Select Joint Committees on a Bill are appointed by the House on a motion .
All Financial Committees ( i. e. Public Accounts Committee . Estimates Committee on Public Undertakings ) are elected by the members of the Committee on Welfare of Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes and members of the Committee on Offices of Profit .
The remaining Committees are nominated by the Presiding Officer of the House .
Some of the Committees are formed separately by each House while others are jointly formed by both the Houses .
The report may be initial or final .
The Committee may make special reports on a subject which came to light during its business and consider it necessary to bring into the notice of the Speaker or the House although such subjects do not constitute the reference posts .
7. The report of the Committee by its Chairman or any other member of the Committee authorised for this purpose.
Unless the report is presented to the House it is considered confidential ; it becomes a public document after it is introduced in the House .
वि
Although nearly two months of the budget session are devoted to this purpose discussions are neither extensive nor intensive .
Due to the eagerness to take into consideration the entire activities the Parliament ' s comments संसद and criticism takes a general and formal shape and becomes a tendency to repeat the same thing .
Since the time is short the demands of many ministries and departments are often discussed and the गिलोटिन is used .
The financial Committees of the Parliament undertake to undertake detailed scrutiny of expenditure and performance of the government and thus ensure smooth functioning of the administration in financial matters .
It is much more important to shape policy than to build a policy .
Position of the Estimates Committee on this
In this case the policy laid down by Parliament by means of statute - wise or by specific resolutions and all other policies which are not so determined have been distinguished .
In regard to the latter cases the सरकार Committee may openly investigate a case which has been settled by the government in the form of a policy by performing its executive duties .
The Committee can examine the functioning of the policy and not the approved policy by the Parliament .
Thus where it is found that the desired results of a particular policy are not coming out and the wastage is a duty of the Estimates Committee to bring out the shortcomings and to bring into consideration the policy of Parliament .
It has 22 members ( 15 from Lok Sabha and 7 from Rajya Sabha .
According to tradition since 1967 a member of the opposition is appointed Chairman of the committee .
The Estimates Committee deals with estimates of public expenditure ; and Public Accounts Committee mainly examines the accounts provided by the House for the expenses of the Government of India whose purpose it is to ensure and whether money is authorised by Parliament .
If during a financial year additional expenditure has been incurred by the House for the purpose of any service on which such additional expenditure has to be incurred and is considered appropriate .
To meet such additional expenditure the government is required to bring before the House .
It may also express its opinion in the form of disapproval or निंदा of the extravagance or lack of proper control by the ministry or department concerned .
The Committee deals with the audit reports of the Comptroller and Auditor General of India relating to the accounts of the Union which are placed before each House of Parliament .
Comptroller and Auditor General of India who participates in the meetings of the committee helps the Committee .
The Committee has two broad limits : firstly that it is not concerned with the question of policy and secondly its findings are सरोकार .
In other words अनियमितताएं Committees may bring irregularities only when they have elapsed and when damage has reached .
However the Investigating Committee may take the inquiry very seriously .
Such a committee being in existence has a deterrent effect on possible administrative waste and expenditure .
As a result of the recommendations of the committee the administrative errors in policy implementation have undergone significant improvements in the financial system .
The Committee on Public Undertakings : The planned economic development for our country necessitated setting up of numerous industrial undertakings agriculture commerce commercial etc. controlled and managed by the Government of India .
Thus a large number of corporations and government companies that are generally called Public Sector Companies हैं have come into existence with huge sums .
Since the moneys invested in them have been taken from the Consolidated Fund of India Lok Sabha is liable to have adequate control over their functions .
For this purpose a Committee on Public Undertakings consisting of 22 members of whom 15 are elected by the Lok Sabha and 7 by the Rajya Sabha .
The Chairman of the committee is appointed by the Speaker from among the members elected from the Lok Sabha .
The functions of the Committee are : reports of the government undertakings as specified in the Rules and reports of the Comptroller and Auditor General if any may be examined and see whether business is run in terms of autonomy and efficiency of public enterprises .
These committees worked very hard and systematically and gave valuable reports .
The Constituent Assembly discussed the reports of committees relating to the third and sixth sessions - the Fundamental Rights . Union Constitution - LRB - i - RRB - Union constitution - RRB - the Provincial Constitution the Minorities and the Scheduled Castes .
Recommendations of other committees were later considered by the Drafting Committee .
The first draft of the Constitution of India was prepared by the Advisory Branch of the Constituent Assembly Office in October 1947 .
Before the preparation of this draft a large number of material was collected and the members of the Constituent Assembly were provided in three volumes by the name of constitutional सभा .
A large number of comments . suggestions and suggestions were received to amend the Draft Constitution .
The Drafting Committee considered all these .
The Parliamentary internship programme for parliamentary officers and international विधायी courses ( International Legislative ) are the two recent courses of the Centre mainly for foreigners .
Parliamentary Museum and Archives India has always accorded maximum importance to parliamentary institutions.
Since the past few years efforts are being made to harness all necessary resources for collecting and preserving for the present and future generations .
A beginning was made in 1976 when the Lok Sabha Secretariat set up a Parliamentary Archives of संसदीय and Films to preserve an authentic and up - to - date pictorial record of the history of its activities and personalities.
A proposal to set up a Parliamentary Museum and Archives was approved by the General Purposes Committee of the Lok Sabha on 1 August 1984 .
The basic purpose of the Parliamentary Museum and Archives is to protect people from history and institutions from the present period relating to the Constitution and Parliament and all the precious records of the past historical documents and objects from time to time and for future generations .
At the current stage of its development it is concentrating on acquisition of comprehensive documents , goods etc . that are available with it on its proper preservation and retaining the selected material .
In due course its idea is to spread information about parliamentary institutions and to promote a proper image of the Parliament by creating interest in their activities and its achievements .
The centre of national achievements the General Purposes Committee of the Half - National लोक Lok Sabha approved a proposal to set up a National Awards Centre for National Achievement on August 15 1984 with a view to achieving independence .
It is proposed to present a panoramic view of India ' s achievements through exhibitions प्रदर्शनियों photographs and other visual materials .
कृषि for agriculture
मिट्टी have found 34 species of termites in the evergreen forests but the soil from which forests have been wiped out has only one species .
These insects are of great significance in their analysis of vegetation and in providing nutrients which are essential for growing plants and which in turn can adversely affect the soil and soil nature of these areas .
In areas where people live only on agriculture and live there can be serious consequences for खेती .
Paul ' s work will be very important in understanding the land environment in the hot - air areas .
This can help to identify measures that increase the fertility of the soil by entering the termite soil .
The 50 per cent of the earth ' s surface is 2 kilometres below the sea but we know very little about the living organisms .
The deep sea level has an area of around 2. 7 million square kilometres but we have only सर्वेक्षण of it .
Commercial fishing dumping industrial wastes oil leaks and coastal effluents are now a great menace to our oceans today .
We cannot say why these activities will affect the marine life .
She also expects that the years to come will be better .
The Speaker of the Central Legislative Assembly was then called the President .
For detailed discussions see the keynote letter was presented by Dr Subhash Kashyap on राष्ट्रमंडल and Training of Parliamentary Staff at the सोसाइटी meeting of the Society of the Commonwealth Parliaments at राष्ट्रमंडल कनाडा in October 1985 1985 .
सुभाष सदन सुभाष and पार्लियामेंटरी पार्लियामेंटरी 1985 Delhi 1985 1985 See C. R. C. . of Parliamentary Staff quoted above are the सदन of every new house but there are certain rules and conventions which are similar to each House .
The Legislature is not just a club .
The conduct of its members should therefore be characterised by a high standard of dignity गारिमा grace mutual respect and courtesy befitting a place where the competing forces of the polity are brought face to face with mutual influence .
The orderly smooth and efficient dispatch of business in the House and assimilation of all shades of opinion which are essential to achieve this goal is the grave and dignity of the society ' s atmosphere .
Outside the House members are expected to maintain a standard of conduct consistent with the dignity of their office .
It is not merely because the business of the House continues unabated and with courtesy but also because of the dignity of the members of Parliament and of its members .
This would be neither natural nor desirable .
It is necessary therefore to induce discussions mutual exchange .
When a member is speaking no other member should be put in a अव्यवस्थित manner .
To make a point clear or knowing through the Speaker is often right or to challenge a statement in a sweet manner but the action is broken by the repeated अव्यवस्था .
In addition it is not a parliamentary practice to ask questions more and more frequently and such allegations have been criticized by the Speaker .
Any point about his speech can be raised after the end of his speech .
Members should not normally converse with one another in the Lok Sabha Chamber but if necessary they can do so very slowly so that the action of the House is not interrupted.
A member should not sit or stand by his back to the Chair .
A member should not cross between the Chair and a member who is speaking.
When this rule is dissolved strong objection is made by the Speaker .
At all times the attraction of listening to one 's own voice is strong but a good MPs listen to others and when they are not speaking.
दर्शक and दर्शक The law of strangers sitting in the audience gallery is a taboo .
However in appropriate cases members can be referred to the presence of distinguished foreign visitors in the Special Box of the House and on such occasions the members can cheer the distinguished guests .
Ordinarily however , should not be sounded when a distinguished visitor enters a gallery or a special box .
General behaviour in the House is not permissible to strike a hunger strike in the precincts of Parliament हडताल हडताल or to perform any religious performance .
In addition members of Parliament cannot bring arms to the House according to parliamentary customs and make any comments on their shoulders ; they cannot proceed to the houses where they are not allowed to carry any evidence or proceed to the house .
The Speaker / Chairman should not make any frontal criticism either directly or indirectly exercised by the Speaker .
Since the authority to conduct the proceedings of the House has been granted by the House itself the interpretation of the Rules and conventions of the House to be considered by the Speaker - to - the Speaker however contrary to any member .
The discussions with a member in the sitting room of the Speaker should not be propagated by that member .
No notice should be propagated unless the Speaker takes into it and circulated to members .
If the Bill thinks that the matter is just and valid but it is likely to delay justice in the ordinary manner it may bring matters together with the concerned officers or staff to notice it and not to interfere .
These powers are the following : whether they are members or not शक्तियां by breach of privilege or contempt of the House .
To invite members to undergo a bribe in influencing their parliamentary behaviour ;
A member can be suspended from the service of the House for a specified period or in some serious case he may be expelled from the House .
It is worth noting that he visited भी and तिरूकण्णमंगै which are considered as temples of Lord Vishnu and composed several songs on the deity of these places .
One day late at night he would take his brother ' s house from तिरूवोत्तियूर .
He was standing with his sister - in - law plate .
He ate and went to bed .
His fame spread because of the events of the divine grace and miracles . While his purity sincerity and humility . and eloquence drew the eminent people to him .
Among these were शिष्य . who became his disciple in 1849 .
After Ramalinga ' s death he became Tamil Pundit in the Madras Presidency College .
Like Lord Buddha ( बुद्ध - 1879 - 1879 - पू - 1836 ) Ramakrishna ( 1836 1886 ) and Ramana महिर्ष ( 1879 - 1950 ) Ramalinga was freed .
He was never enamoured of material possessions wealth and woman .
In a song he says to God :
They pay tribute to : वाचहर :
There is no information about his life .
RAMALINGA 'S YEARS IN जीवन BY GREAT literary activity .
We can call upon the twelve years before 1835 the period of the मंदिर ( का ) - temple - LRB - sic - RRB - when he identified himself as a devotee with God Kartikeya .
The next twenty - two years till 1858 may be described as the period of Tiruvottriyur 'when he identified himself as a devotee with Lord Tyagaraja ( Siva ) and composed songs in their praise .
Numerous disciples religious heads heads heads heads of monasteries poets and scholars in Tamil and Sanskrit अधिकरी provincial अधिकरी government officials अधिकरी and unlettered people gathered round him and he was a yogic adept a yogic adept a poet and scholar.
During this period of his life he edited some of his early poems and wrote two prose compositions .
On the part of Nataraja and to Nataraja he sang so many अंसख्य and diverse songs that it is difficult to choose from them the representative examples .
In the natural ending process a formula for winning a strong formula is विपरीत which is diametrically opposed to it .
The judge was about to get up to उठने sitting on the bench keeping in mind his tradition .
While starting the proceedings he asked Navalar why he stood up .
The judge said : " आपभी stand up .
So you believe they are honourable 1 you should not have filed the trial .
Finally let us know the story of से though at this point it will take us from a chronological sequence .
The first four chapters published during Ramalinga ' s life are as follows .
In the fifth chapter there are songs composed during his stay at प्रवास which are sung in praise of Lord . of प्रवास and were published by 1880 Velayuda Mudaliar .
The volume of songs composed by Ramalinga in Vadalur and Mettukuppam by मुदलियार Chettiar of लोकनाथ in 1885 with the efforts of रामलिंग Mudaliar of बंगलौर and राधवलु नायकर of Bangalore was published by Ramalinga in Vadalur and Mettukuppam though he was not permitted to publish .
रामलिंग writes in Tamil i . e . who have not had the good luck of Ramalinga ' s philosophy says For him Ramalinga was such a colour which was so meaningless .
It is said that the body of the great saint was beyond photography .
It was not even his shadow .
Unlike the holy poets Ramalinga was a poet of his boyhood days and often shows his experiences in a lively आत्मकथात्मक of circumstances .
They hint at their physical attributes शारीरीक habits and costume .
These are known as के in a verse about their white garments and others .
This vivid delineation of Ramalinga brings out the form of a human being .
The Constitution of India has been variously described .
As .
Ambedkar said There are two serious weaknesses of अंबेडकर . and की की .
The Indian system is unique from the point of view that it has a dual polity with a single Indian citizenship which could be both unitary and federal according to the needs of time and condition .
Under article 249 the Parliament of the Union may invade the state list .
Under article 356 and 357 - LRB - के - RRB - on the failure of constitutional machinery in a State the executive and legislative powers can take over by the Union in their own hands and under Article 352 are subject to a complete unitary position .
Finally के Under article 2 . 3 and 4 the Parliament of the Union can make a new state by simple majority passed by ordinary law and alter the boundaries or names of the existing States .
While presenting the Draft Constitution for the approval of the Constituent Assembly the Chairman of the Drafting Committee के i Union and State ( राज्य ) .
The text of the Constitution did not use the word में or गया anywhere .
करूंगुझी Chettiar , one of Ramalinga 's admirers came from करूंगुझी करूंगुझी to meet his Master.
With Ramalinga ' s grace his brother had recovered his sore throat and had already dedicated himself to Ramalinga ' s service .
One day a dispute took place between the two बरामदे before the verandah of the चेटिटयार ( बरामदे ) between destiny and deed ) or by saying 'God ' s compassion and action continued for long .
Once a yogi roamed around the street .
One man looked at their निरपेक्षता and gave them a banana leaf .
The other man became angry with the women that the yogi was wandering in front of her stone and threw a stone to her and the third man fell on the sight of her and threw him into the pit .
I have brought both to you as one with the action of another .
Without passing through this stage the ultimate realisation is not possible .
) Upanishad
The soul which attains it through all these measures is at the same time acquired by it .
You must keep the bucket .
They are said to have been locked in the room for days and nothing has been seen about them ; they are not heard again .
According to their interpretation in शरीरों bodies the first ( micro - body ) is beyond the limits of the flesh - marrow मांस for it cannot be seen or seen in the mental body .
Finally a sculptor की made a clay image and showed them .
It is said Ramalinga remarked 'So the golden body has become माटी .
And there is no death for me !
Therefore it is right that you believe in their holy words that you recognise the truth behind those words and resist all their ritual कर्मकांडो
He उद्बोधित :
What is the nature of forces that is beyond us परिचालित and परिचालित us ?
If you give up all this you will find God .
The भारतीय Veda Sanmarga Sangam founded by him in New York may be regarded as the Indian counterpart of the Theosophical Society founded ten years later in 1875 .
Like the Hindu religion it is believed that by a perfect purity and relentless effort man can link himself to that supreme element which is regarded as the essence of self - realization men who are regarded as the Mahatma the sage and the soul .
They regard them as अभिवृद्धि and अभिवृद्धि
He removed the word veda word from the original name of his Sabha and called it Satya Sanmarga सन्मार्ग .
He has defined the law of salvation as a way of the attainment of God by universal brotherhood .
The Theosophical Society was founded on 7 September 1875 in New York by गुरूओं गुरूओं who claimed repeatedly that it was invited by the promoters of Tibet to preach to the people .
Colonel Henry S. एस0 was the first President of the Society and Madame Blavatsky the first Secretary .
वेलायुद Velayuda Mudaliar the first and most famous disciple of Ramalinga found रामलिंग . and Colonel Henry S. मुदलियार during his stay in Madras .
At that time Velayuda Mudaliar was a Tamil Pundit in the Presidency College Madras .
Our loyal friend while writing these lines must have noticed that one day his claims would be worth thousands .
But we do n ' t like to have a mad agreement nor a धोखेबाज as we have read at least the तिब्बती and we have asked the Indians to repeat questions that have not been asked here .
After the statement of Velayuda Mudaliar Madam मुदलियार is a comment by Madame Blavatsky की published in July 1882 के
It is a matter of prophecy of a future event in which there is no room for distrust and distrust .
The honourable character of this testimony was a comprehensive campaign of his Guru ' s का and the establishment of the Theosophical Society founded by some of the earliest instructions on the establishment of the Society and its activities in India .
In March 1873 we were directed to proceed from Russia to Paris .
In June we got an order to go to the United States where we arrived on July 6 .
This is the time when Ramalinga was predicting the events that took place .
The aspirant has to constantly concentrate on the internal sun or inner light of consciousness . within three states - the awakening बाहरी and the outer sun is the replica of the inner sun .
This inner consciousness is the most common quintessential core of all consciousness .
The following extracts from the का Upanishad ( ब्राह्मण - RRB - or section of the ब्राह्मण Upanishad ( का - LRB - Chapter III - RRB - which are remarkable for its sublimity will help to understand the meaning of the Gayatri .
One who dwells in the sun ( sun ) or sun - LRB - sic - RRB - does not know the sun and whose body the sun rules the sun - LRB - the sun - RRB - is your Self the Ruler within .
One who dwells in the moon and stars between them and within them does not know the moon and the moon and stars whilst the body is moon and stars ; the ruler within him is the immortal one .
He who dwells in the light ( शरीर ) within the light and light शरीर who does not know whose body the light is शरीर and who rules the light within he is the Ruler within the immortal.
He who dwells in all beings में in all beings शरीर whom he does not know whose body the body is all beings and who rules all beings पर he is your Self the Ruler within the immortal.
He who dwells in the human being and within the mind whom the mind does not know whose body the mind is and who rules the mind within he is your Self the Ruler within the immortal.
Returning from school at 4 - 30 p. m. he finds that the exercise teachers are waiting for him and that he is going to practise " all the hours .
After this work he would come as soon as possible .
Soon after the evening meal the English tutor came and began to read as soon as the oil - burning lamp began to read with a sudden jerk .
But a little later it seemed as if it were reading more and more .
On this ordeal Rabi recorded in his lifetime : " Books tell us that the discovery of fire was one of the largest discoveries of man .
But I feel too deeply how wonderful the birds that their parents make no lamps in the evenings .
They have to remember their lessons in the morning and how gleefully they remember them . "
The servant who was on charge of the child ' s diet was named ब्रजेश्वर .
He took away his part of the food निकाल .
He would follow every dish and ask the hungry boy in a stern voice What else do you need ? "
It was a feeling of jealousy and distrust that grew in the heart of the जगी .
He said that it was the goods of theft . "
During the autumn of 1872 - 73 when Rabi was eleven and nine months old the Maharshi personally presided over the यज्ञोपवीत with the sacred thread of his two young sons रवीन्द्र रवीन्द्र and Rabindra and his grandson .
They were kept confined to a three - day feast on the third floor of the haveli to discuss the secrets of life and the world and the twice - born children धमकाया and धमकाया with each other .
The वितान and the वितान of this Vedic mantra left a deep impression on their rhythm preparations and their occult powers .
But the shaven head continued to remain heavy for a few days and this also caused embarrassment because soon after the ceremony he was admitted to an English school called बंगाल .
The shaven head was definitely to be the target of the उपहास of the irreverent Anglo - Indian colleagues .
He reached his cottage at के perched on a peak .
The boy was now free to wander about and could adorn his eyes with the pomp and splendour of the Himalayas around him .
Taking the iron - कील stick in hand he roamed at will.
The father kept no guard on him .
For the last moments of his life " as the grateful son had tested him and he never stood in the way of our freedom .
On many occasions I did say something which was contrary to their temperament or judgment and they could prevent me from saying anything at once but they considered it appropriate to wait until they were inspired by themselves .
What is right and proper could not convince them of our passive approval or consent they wanted us to love truth with all sincerity and know that love is hollow without love .
He knew the truth that even when he got away from the path of the बाहर which could be found but its forcible and blind admission बाधा the path . "
She woke up early morning and woke up her son and learnt Sanskrit words with it .
After Sanskrit lessons his father and son take a glass of milk in the morning .
The Maharshi would then chant verses from the Upanishads the boy listening eagerly .
In the meanwhile the sun rose from the eastern peak and both the morning rolled .
Returning home his father gave him an hour ' s lesson in English and after that his bath with cold water . "
Thus spent four months with his father away from the dull routine of home and school which were the happiest days of Rabi but the most prosperous and early days of education .
The immediate effect was that when he returned to Calcutta he was no boy .
They were like ऋषियों dreams described in legends about gods and goddesses and ऋषियों by heroes and saints as they learn from books .
" I could n ' t say that even my intellect was puzzled . "
He was now the main attraction of his mother ' s open - air gatherings at the बालकनी roof of the evening .
Here he recited his short stories and recited the audience with a little हैरत of his father .
But the biggest feather in his crown was the recitation of the पंख in Sanskrit .
The women knew of this epic only about its Bengali adaptation ; the original Ramayana was a mystery to all who knew nothing .
" her mother खुशामद him and her son Rabi read us . "
No coaxing was needed .
The children too in the audience with the youngest daughter - in - law of the family wanted to astound him who loved him most .
But if he imagined that his new status would give him an exemption from attendance at school he was mistaken.
Soon thereafter he changed his school once again and joined the St. Xavier Centre but the result was no significant .
For even the studies here were dull and mechanical like the previous schools but obedience to religious rites the atmosphere was much narrower and more formal .
Eventually in 1875 at the age of fourteen he left his whole school .
The school however did not waste its time .
He had chosen to please her in his own way .
The home environment was congenial for such wayward pursuit of knowledge .
Poets and scholars musicians and philosophers artists and social reformers geniuses and समाजसुधारक all of them were present in that family and they were going out .
The boy was then aged thirteen and ten months .
Though this was his first introduction to death and the loss of this remarkable woman must have been deeply felt by the family but this bereavement did not have much effect on Rabi ' s mind .
The other बालक her elder brother कादम्बरी and his attractive wife Kadambari had already been referred to as a new sister - in - law who poured all their affection on the young boy and found a fat one .
Rabi had a premonition that he had met in the most critical phases of his boyhood when he received a friend and guide from his unruly talents but only his status as a female and not only his companion .
He was too young to marry गुडियों and on such occasions he invited his young brother - in - law to attend the feast.
She used to cook the food and eat it with a variety of dishes which were never available in the food list .
She also retained her interest in other household hobbies in cutting betel - leaves and drying them in the sun to make fun of them .
She gave her a lot of affection but her chances of her default were बुरी knowingly so that the young boy was conscious of his ability .
If he ever recited it to him he would smile with a smile and remarked how much better other poets wrote .
And when I have completely free myself I have nothing but sorrow . "
बंगाल took his younger brother to बंगाल in the north - east of Bengal on his journey to his ancestral estate and mounted him and took several times to the tiger hunting .
The jungle was dense and under its shade the lion refused to show his views .
A सीढी platform was built on a strong bamboo and सीढी with a rifle full .
I had no poor tools - so that the lion could be beaten or lowered .
After a long spell of चश्मे his eyes के at the back of the spectacles he shot .
He roared furiously biting at all the पूंछ within his reach and पटकता his tail .
I understood he was dead.
I also knew that someone had never put any medicine on its food at the previous night .
This child - poet had his way through all के appointments and had to chase several such बाल before he could go .
Indeed the poet . is the story of a poet ' s spiritual bewilderment and inquiry .
This poem begins with a highly idealistic image of a poet ' s childhood which is modelled on his own lap of nature a mother and companion for him as she is .
He realises that nature is nothing but more and more than that ; it has its own object : its law which will explain its meaning only to its worthy character .
And so happily it goes on as long as love and nature are divided equally in nature and in its fullness until this innocent style feels a growing vacuum in its life and the need for human love and love .
He wanders disconsolate in the forest and chances where he lives on a maiden who falls in love .
Her name is Nalini - a name that has always endeared Tagore to him .
The poet is very happy at first but soon turns into love - affairs pleasures and विरक्त .
A restlessness seizes him he leaves Nalini in search of what he himself does not know .
When he returns . though he is still disconsolate he finds that Nalini pining away in his absence is on his death - bed .
This was the time when he composed his own music for his songs .
Such a structure was integrated into a literary and musical style with a few words . behind it and at the same time a characteristic variety of constructive habits which grew from his life .
On the whole he wrote two thousand songs - full of words and music which are sung in Bengal on any small occasions and as a popular request these songs have left behind even his poems .
Ahmedabad was the place where Rabindra had thought of one of his most beautiful stories about the plot of पाषाण .
While living in a house where a stone was the keynote of the scent of अरेबियन and secretly love of the Arabian Nights his fancy was free to wander there and which indicated the pictures of those days .
After staying in Ahmedabad for a few days रवि his elder brother felt that he would be good enough to make himself better and if he could live in English with a family .
He therefore sent Rabi to Bombay to have a Marathi friend Dr . पांडुरंग पांडुरंग an eminent physician and a social reformer of advanced ideas .
The burden of educating Rabi fell upon the beautiful and young daughter of the family who had lived in England and was highly sophisticated .
The full name रवि was slightly older than Rabi .
The name लैटिन was a man of more singular though less than the Latin teacher .
The other members of the family were his gentle little wife and his pet dog .
Whenever पत्नी wanted to tell his wife he tortured the poor dog .
He sat still on the table of food and sat silent and puzzled over the embarrassment .
Mrs श्रीमती twice : " I want you to be a little and mild . "
But I said : " I protested against " बार्कर .
But I have n ' t heard of it said पत्नी .
" goes to अकड What 's my error in this ?
A . R . ब्लेकशीड in the West sought to establish the perception and limitation of secularism in the West but failed to reach any definition wholly efficient and acceptable .
A secular State must not have anything to do with religious pursuits except to involve criminal fraud or become a threat to the unity and integrity of the state .
On the other hand the शासन or dictatorship of the individual and the rule of a few.
The basic features of democracy are that of sovereignty vests in the people ; they are able to do everything in their own without distinction of religion caste creed colour or woman and without distinction of social background .
In a democracy people are regarded as their masters .
They have an inalienable right to rule themselves or to be ruled by the people they choose .
Democracy also admits that from time immemorial man has been fighting with one another for power or dominance .
Democracy tries to substitute a more civilised manner of struggle .
It presents methods of discussion and persuasion for the methods of armed conflict .
All citizens assembled together in the ancient Indian village republics and the Greek City states and decided the problems of governance .
From the British Commonwealth it became the Commonwealth of nations .
The Commonwealth specifically recognised India ' s position as a sovereign independent republic .
It did not therefore affect the sovereign democratic or republican form of the state .
Social and Economic democracy : Democracy conceived in political terms means that every citizen has the right to vote at a time .
In all democratic elections the principle of ' a man ' s " vote " applied to a vote - is derived from the recognition of the fact that all men have equal rights whether highly educated or illiterate industrialists .
But in the eyes of the framers of our Constitution democracy does not mean merely the right to vote for the people to choose their representatives at the time of political democracy or at the appointed time .
Without social and economic democracy political democracy has no meaning in a poor country like India .
Dr .
According to Ambedkar social and economic democracy is the real purpose and ultimate objective .
He said that parliamentary democracy would be meaningful only when it was geared to achieving the real goal of economic democracy .
Jawaharlal Nehru later expressed his views that democracy was the only means of achieving the goal .
The objective is to provide a good life for each person to meet certain essential economic needs .
The measure in which democracy succeeds in solving economic problems is at the same level successful in the political field .
If economic problems are not solved then the political structure becomes weak and breaks .
It has been clarified by these words of the Preamble that all citizens of the Republic have received " Social Justice " Economic and Political Justice .
Justice means harmony between the mutual interests of individuals between groups of individuals and groups on the one hand and interests of the community on the other .
The most important point in the Preamble is that justice has been given a higher place than the principles of liberty equality and fraternity .
The concept of justice is indeed very wide .
It is not confined to narrow legal justice granted by courts .
Social justice implies that all citizens are treated alike and are not regarded as equal in matters of justice in society because of their status in the matter of birth नागरिकों race caste sex title etc .
Article 15 prohibits discrimination or disability in the matter of access to public places .
The humane conditions of work maternity relief maternity relief promoting economic interests of the deprived groups ; minimum wage banning of forced labour ( articles 23 and 43 ) aims at social justice .
Economic justice is expected to treat the rich and the poor alike and try to bridge the gap between them .
In pursuance of the objective of economic justice Article ; enjoins upon the State to ensure that all citizens have adequate means of livelihood without having the same rights as those of men without caring for equal employment and for the same rights as those of men .
In fact the aim of various other articles ( articles 36 to 51 ) in Part 4 of the Constitution is also to ensure a new social and economic order imbued with justice .
The vision of status and equality of opportunity has been incorporated in our Preamble .
Its legal objectives are social cultural political and economic aspects .
All citizens are equal in the eyes of law and enjoy equal protection of the laws of the country .
All citizens enjoy equal rights to vote without any discrimination and to participate in the process of governance .
Equality in the economic field means that salary for one ' s ability and labour will also be one .
Moreover the exploiters will not exploit one person or another class .
The concept of equality of status and opportunity has been given concrete shape and form in articles 14 to 18 .
The ideals of fraternity justice equality freedom and equality are relevant and meaningful so long as they promote the brotherhood of Indian brotherhood the sons of the same Mother and many other forms of racial brotherhood .
Provisions relating to common citizenship are meant to strengthen the spirit of Indian fraternity and build up a strong Indian brotherhood .
The fundamental rights of all citizens without any discrimination have been guaranteed and the Directive Principles aimed at social and economic equality are also meant to promote affinities .
This separation of religion and politics leads beyond religion and religion freedom of religion equal respect to all religions etc .
Unfortunately न्यायाधीशों . and Judges have not given adequate importance to this concept .
Speaking about the need to recognize the principle of fraternity .
Ambedkar said in the Constituent Assembly What is the meaning of fraternity ?
There is also an international aspect of fraternity which takes us to the concept of universal brotherhood - i . e . the whole world to the ancient Indian ideal .
Article 51 of this Constitution clearly defined under the Directive Principles .
The object was to secure the fundamental rights of freedom equality of equality of equality and to provide decent living to the State by issuing such standards of livelihood to all citizens .
No wonder the Supreme Court found that the Preamble contained certain basic features of the Constitution which could not be altered even by any amendment of the Constitution under Article 368 .
Five princely states including legislature were kept in Part B .
Part C included five UTs .
The Andaman and Nicobar Islands were mentioned in Part D .
Andhra was created by the Andhra Act , 1953 on linguistic basis .
In the case of राज्य v. State of Tamil Nadu ( AIR 1974 SC 1974 ) the traditional conception of equality was challenged and a new approach to equality under article 14 was enunciated by Justice के and न्यायमूर्ति .
From the प्रत्यक्षवादी point of view equality is contrary to निरंकुशता .
One is related to the rule of law in a republic while the other is associated with the राज्य and मनमानेपन of an aristocratic state .
Where an act is arbitrary ; its underlying meaning is that it is unequal both in political logic and constitutional law and therefore there is a violation of article 14 .
In later decisions अंतर्राष्ट्रीय Gandhi v. Union of India AIR S. C. R. V. Raman Dayaram शेट्टी v international निर्णयों
The doctrine of classification which the courts have developed is not a commentary of article 14 nor is it the object and object of that discipline .
It is only a judicial formula for determining whether the legislative or executive action is arbitrary and whether or not it अतिक्रमण equality .
The reasonableness of restrictions should be determined not on abstract reasoning but from the objective point of view and from the point of view of those who are subject to व्यक्तियों ( हनीफ की v. State of Bihar AIR 1958 SC व्यक्तियों ) .
The effect of law alone is really the test of its reasonableness ; its object is either good or bad for that purpose .
227 Prasad Lakshmi Narayan versus Uttar Pradesh . AIR 1954 SC 227 ( 227 ) 227 227 ) .
The restrictions imposed by the Directive Principles of State Policy have been held to be reasonable ( Bombay State ( f ) .
Freedom of speech and expression of speech is an essential part of the movement of a democratic polity .
Democracy means a government by consent and unless there is freedom to discuss political and other matters the polity could not be termed democracy .
( Ramesh . v. Madras State ( AIR 1950 SC 124 ) .
There are some very interesting descriptions in this diary about how a few travellers would share their minds with the purpose of cutting time .
The poet ' s eyes must have wandered or else he has judged all these things from ?
It is interesting to read today ' s English girls what they had written about their grandmothers in their diaries .
I hope you will forgive me if I may say something in praise of the beautiful faces of this country - their red lips sharp nose and shapely noses and eyes that reflect the blue .
Once again he pays tribute to the European society in which women have adjusted a reasonable proportion of their commitment in the matter of freedom and helping the nation to strengthen the nation and to offer the service of the men in which it is the only contradiction .
I do not want any throne to me on the dais to sit with my audience on the same bench and try to hear me as they hear .
I really want to know what their true feelings are at the root of their disappointment and why they do not approve of my writing and when I say I do not care about it .
Ten years earlier he had said in one of his songs : he would call you mad .
Wait for tomorrow and keep quiet .
They bring together a garland of flowers .
And the coming of this hour indeed was a long time .
When Tagore is indifferent to feelings and prejudices writes a novel होकर बह बह and की which is full of irony and satire though it is no doubt that Tagore ' s finest work is बह .
There are only four chapters in this work and there are only four characters one of them says .
After this what he had done about China he has also been able to quoted : " I have been overwhelmed by the vast diversity of energy that has gathered from this country .
And then when this powerful force gets its own modern means विज्ञान in other words when science comes under its control what force is there in the world to face it ?
After that the ability to work with resources will go hand in hand .
All nations enjoying the pleasures of this earth are afraid of the awakening of China and want to put their eyes off the day who is not comfortable for them . "
Tagore stayed in Japan for over three months and stayed there .
He has commented in his diary : " When I have come here I have not heard anyone sing on the road : " The heart of these people is not like a spring but like a lake .
I have heard all his poems so far : he is a lyric and not a song .
The echo of the remarkable effect of the Japanese poems was still retained in their minds when they were writing on their wing and sign leaflets in accordance with the requests of young women .
It is freedom of thought and action - not tutelage under European school teachers .
It is science but not its wrong application in life . "
But his voice fell on deaf ears Was he not a poet of a country of bondage and subjection ?
In September 1916 Tagore sailed for समुद्री .
The lectures delivered during the second tour of the United States were published in two volumes .
The latter volume of lectures which combined with the art of कला education a philosophy of philosophy and a synthesis of divine possibilities in the personality of man had a deep fascination for Tagore ' s deep contemplation where he was greatly praised by the American press .
The रवीन्द्रनाथ Journal warned Tagore to विषाक्त the minds of the youth of this great United States . "
The hectic schedule of the campaign and the sudden fall of American life and the weakening of his sensibility adversely affected his health and his health in San Francisco .
Some of the violent Indian young men of war - associated with a revolutionary organisation - LRB - गदर - RRB - who were more radical than intelligent - did Tagore forget to विश्वासघात Tagore ' s denunciation of nationalism .
A few years ago the British Government honoured Tagore with the title नाइट नाइट and these two men together showed that the Indian नाइट was a British agent who had been sent to the United States .
On the other hand British authorities were feeling uneasy and उद्विग्न of the war by Tagore and were uncertain about the impact of his speeches on the US mind ?
He therefore did not dismiss the rumours that the Indian poet was being used as a tool of German propaganda and was trying to थलग the sympathy of the US against British and Allied war efforts .
Thus innocent Rabindranath was shot by both camps and mud was कीचड by the poet who felt ill and humiliated and got back home .
He left for Japan on the incomplete part of his lecture contract .
After a month ' s stay in Japan Tagore returned to India in March 1917 .
There he did not see the face of the aggressive युवक but what he showed was a mask of repressed nationalism now haunted by his own country whose youth were living in the defence of their own nation .
He was once again plunged into the political arena of which the stormy centre of which was no longer confined to Bengal .
They had become so important that they were alone but as always when they saw that their people were being harassed they were परेशान .
कलक
One of these letters से written in the answer to Gandhi ' s curiosity is very important because it belongs to the language controversy in India and is still maintained .
He fully agreed with the fact that Hindi is the possible national language of India for the Indo - European relations and he goes on to teach it to the people of Madras as well as to the exclusion of national language .
The political situation in the country was becoming worse .
In the absence of adequate institutional apparatus the भूमिगत Bengali youths were already भूमिगत and were gradually converting into terrorist activities .
The British Government which was confident of its victory in Europe was now ready to take revenge on a large scale .
By strong हिंसा of violence hatred had to be overcome with hatred .
Shakti or this age - old philosophy wandered around .
But occasions come when to remain in the shelter of one ' s own exclusive work - action becomes a crying one .
Especially when I have been told by a reliable source that a political prisoner is being treated with extreme अमानवीय I am compelled to write to you again . "
Since these stories were written the year when they saw the agony of their eldest daughter and her famine death their personal pain was clearly discernible in these stories and suffering from misery and misery .
In these stories we can see a घर charge of the joint Hindu family which is difficult elsewhere because it goes beyond any kind of विद्वेष and how the servant of the house was placed on her bed .
Since he is dying he refuses to take any medicine because his life has become a disease and only death can save him .
Soon she returns a widow and returns her home as an attractive woman .
Seeing her daughter ' s failing youth her heart is टूक and she तोड and cries out for her father .
But the old rheumatic widower cannot live alone without a wife and marries a young bride to ब्याह because the scriptures have allowed her to do so .
When he returns home he finds that the house is empty and the घर and the सयानी have disappeared with a neighbour doctor who had always loved him and had loved him .
The angry father is horrified at her wickedness and curses her .
The messenger of freedom was no longer independent .
He had won the world and in turn the world won him .
He wanted to find his home all over the world .
And so the little school at Santiniketan became a university Visva - Bharati a centre of Indian culture - , a institute of oriental learning and a rendezvous of East - West .
The poet chose as its motto a Sanskrit verse: Yatra . eka - नीड - where the whole world meets in a nest .
In Tagore ' s mind the idea of the University was born during his last tour of Japan and the USA and he announced it on 22 September 1918 at a public meeting at Santiniketan .
Three years later this University was formally inaugurated .
The University was like its predecessor ' s School the product of a poet ' s mind and like a dream it turned into a pointer to the future .
Tagore believed that it was the duty of every race to keep its mind burning so that it could make its own contribution to the light of the world .
It is true that they were necessary for their implementation both for advertising and resources but far more important were their personal and personal requirements .
In a letter dated 15 April 1918 he makes a clear observation about it and you must have read in books that some birds live in their nests at a particular time and then cross the sea .
I am the same bird .
From time to time a call arises from across the ocean and my wings are eager to fly .
He toured many towns in south India where he lectured on his educational ideals .
At the same time he also travelled to western India presided over the Gujarati Literary Conference in Ahmedabad and spent some time in Mahatma Gandhi ' s new ashram on Sabarmati .
During 1917 with political and educational activities . was comparatively less literary .
During these years only two original and important works could be written in Bengali : one of them was published in 1918 under the title बंग्ला ( बंग्ला ) and the other published much later in 1922 .
Despite comparatively small in size and volume बंग्ला his Bengali compositions written in this period can be said to have a special blending of imagination and feeling with ideological grounds as well as from the point of view of technique and innovation .
है is mentioned above .
The second book is another kind of work written in 1919 .
Some descriptive are some reflective some satirical sketches some satirical and some व्यंग्यात्मक .
These are written in prose but it is prose which has a delightful beauty of rhythm and music .
It is possible that the writer consciously tried to capture the rhythm and rhythm of Bengali prose as was unconsciously achieved in the English translation of Gitanjali .
On the other hand these compositions were strangely reminiscent of the prose poems which had been written in his memory after the tragic and tragic death of his late sister in 1884 and were published under the title भाभी .
There is no such अवसाद no undercurrent of depression in these स्मृतियों and there is a hint of wisdom which has turned into peace . "
The girl ' s father threw her feet at this meeting and धमकी the girl with her last chapter of the novel and mix with the परिणय festival and goes on with it .
The artist in his art pleased and अंदर sat inside Tagore like Arjuna who wanted to spread his activities further and live a lifetime among the people .
The artist also sat there in search of areas of fresh दूब and expression .
The poet expects the poet ' s imagination to be determined by the observation of reality and rightly as a delicate creeper or tree - base grows slowly and takes its place .
The life of the village brought him directly into contact with the soil of his land and gave an opportunity to see how difficult most of his life was in the daily setting up of land estates .
He had a feeling of affection for him and the affection which helped him to understand his helplessness was similar to that of a mother in her heart .
These are the संतान and unfortunate children of the Creator who will have to collect two handfuls of grain in his mouth or else they will be destroyed .
What can they do when the breast becomes dry up?
As soon as the hunger is appeased they forget everything .
In another letter he writes : " If there is any link between the brain of all human beings there is a deeper concern in my heart which will surely reach him and will be his welfare . "
In his argument and scientific example man told Brahma that the horse was not fit for freedom and in the broadest sense that he knew how to use it ?
The past and nothing of this old man is his fascination for the past which rides on the shoulders of the present subjecting the welfare of a man to a vain glorification of national culture and an unnecessary change .
He also said " Truth is equal to all राष्ट्र but every nation has its lies in its lies which it speaks of as its idealism. "
He had translated portions of these lectures into French and used them in articles written during the war .
When the war ended he requested Tagore in June 1919 to sign the Declaration of Independence on a letter drafted by Remain Holland for European artists and intellectuals.
The disaster of this shameful World War which marked Europe ' s failure is amply demonstrated by the fact that Europe alone cannot save itself .
His idea needs the idea of Asia just as Asia has enriched itself with European ideas .
Is that non - violence ?
The differences between these two great minds of modern India have been amply demonstrated by Remain Rolland who could appreciate and admire both the minds of the two .
It is his own words : " The controversy between Tagore and Gandhi is a tribute to the two great men who are full of mutual respect and admiration but they were different in their feelings such as a philosopher from a धर्म .
On the one hand we have the personality desire to have religious faith and new mankind on the other we have intelligence - free consciousness free and liberal personality which seeks to unite with sympathy and understanding of the aspirations and aspirations of all humanity .
Tagore always believed that Mahatma Gandhi was a saint and many times I have heard him speak of him with great respect .
When I spoke of Mahatma Gandhi about Tolstoy Tagore pointed out to me and I realised that I knew Mahatma Gandhi more fully through the cloak of revolution and the Mahatma ' s spirit .
His nature is his nature : humility austerity and purity while all his struggles were से with religious प्रशांति everything was violent in the violent struggle against human passion .
At that time Tagore was not only a poet but a spiritual ambassador to Asia in Europe where he sought the help of the people to make Universities at Santiniketan .
It was a irony of destiny that Tagore was preaching cooperation between the world and the Orient at one end and the other at the same time non - cooperation was being preached . "
There was however something in this proud and moving और that justified Tagore ' s आशांकाओं ( जबरदस्ती ) to keep the man in silence loyal to him who was called upon to be in compulsory discipline.
Without any discussion the law of Swadeshi seemed to be the first law of चरखा the चरखा .
Tagore was a man of honour and had a very high respect and he did not want to share a debate with him and leave his favourite retreat for relaxation .
If he had already reminded himself of himself : " If you do not join with your colleagues in the great crisis of history beware and say they are wrong .
Give up your place in that case and then go to the corner of your poet and become eligible for में and public disgrace. "
He heard a voice in the darkness of defeat and everywhere with children playing on the banks of the world and I am with you .
As a result a series of poems of children in which lyrical interpretation of the child ' s mind was written in 1922 as published in the first two decades ago it was natural to remember the बच्चे Moon .
The dejection from which he sought relief in these poems had already begun in New York where he looked upon himself as prisoner in the guise of a prisoner .
He was विलाप : " My heart is beating .
I dream day and night at Santiniketan which blossoms like a flower in an atmosphere of unbounded freedom .
His early experiments in this respect began for the benefit of the peasants of his family estates .
After many years when he was implementing his educational experiments at Santiniketan he founded a parallel institution called ग्रामीण - a centre of experiments on rural community development .
Rabindranath though a leading intellectual among his people was not only a poet but his main concern was as a man for fifty years from 1890 to 1941 .
Thanks to their limited area resources they made it possible for the farmers to build schools and hospitals roads and water bodies which could save themselves and develop the homes of self - government and help them improve their morale .
On the one hand where the peasants received less interest the school received a fixed annual income .
In the same time this liberal zamindar was so anxious about the welfare of his family - the life of the creative people his joys and sorrows his love and his fortitude and his fortitude and his ability to sacrifice his life .
He found ample material for short stories in the lives of the great and the common people .
While my companion was the eternal Piper the Spirit of this game and I was nearest to the heart of the world .
I knew his mother tongue , and what I sang was accepted by the dance teacher of life and the वायु of water and air .
But between the world of my dreams the school teacher came and I was foolish enough to follow his instructions .
I left my reed and left the playground in which an eternal child lives spend in the same निरर्थक game .
At one moment he became old and carried the burden of wisdom on his back हांक from one door to the other .
Why did I have to carry this burden to me this time I ask myself चिल्लाता over me in a foul world where everybody is crying his own दुखडे ?
All this is the climax of the poet ' s end ?
All this seems to me like a bad dream that I often get up in the darkness of the night and grope about in the bed and confuse myself . "
The poet who is true to the mission of his life cut harvest of love; but the poet who भटकता on the way of कवि is dismissed with छोडऋ .
So I founded an international university - this is a great work .
At such times he tended to be बासी repetitive and बासी .
Such journeys and repeated मंच on the platform endless travels in order to safeguard the quality of life and the high ideal ( which were then transformed into a stir among Tagore ' s circles to raise funds .
Gradually he was surrounded by a herd of his admirers with whom some of his courtiers . parasites and चाटुकारों were much better than any of his दरबारी who he wrote.
It is a threat that faces great personalities all over the world but is the most dangerous thing in India in the traditional home of घर .
He discovered new areas of creative thought and discovered all the past achievements behind him - that nothing could be the highest ground or even a बंदी बंदी बंदी the most brilliant flashes of his talents the most बंदी
The whole world was his stage and Santiniketan was his ideal studio for रिहर्सल .
In July Tagore presided over the Centenary Celebrations of Shelley .
The past drama was concerned with the use of the दानवी of architecture for the waste of the acquired states ; even this drama raises the soul ' s liberty in a more basic problem - - - a machine - made machine of men .
The basic theme of this play is the desire to force and force centuries - old people versus national स्वच्छंदता a fight between the free intelligence and the loose knowledge which has grown into disastrous results with the growing technique .
The treatment of the play is of Tagore : half the truth - struck half the allegorical half - allegorical logic and mysticism - and inter - merging the dramatic conflict with one another and more baffling than convincing.
The state of सोने has been the outcome of gold mining and forced labour .
His king was wearing a लौह secret in the iron gates - LRB - लौह - RRB - with terror and wonder - LRB - long ago Churchill thought of the symbol ) .
In his name the Police chief rules the land with ruthless use of जमीन and religious superstitions .
The victim says . is the only thread that makes the whip and binds the whip .
In this brave new world the young and wayward girl named Nandini who fears no one and whose beauty charms all over her .
He उलट the admitted arrangement not only by making the workers rebellious but बहका the king himself out of his hiding place .
When he sees what his अनुचरों have made their subjects what he himself is the leader of a campaign against his own chieftains but Nandini ' s dearest friend Ranjan मरने after the death of a brave and ardent young man who is believed to be .
He was a true submission a dedicated young and ardent spirit and wanted to capture the lion of a civilised woman .
The special and high - quality poems written during their stay in San सैन and for some time during their stay in San सैन and they add to the feeling that this holiday was most productive and fruitful .
These poems were published in 1925 under the title हुईं which is the name of a pleasing evening रागिनी .
This section was dedicated to Vijaya रवीन्द्रनाथ ( parallel to Victoria in Sanskrit in which Tagore called his host .
I am sending you to this book from Calcutta : he wrote a book of Bengali poems which I wish to entrust to you .
I have dedicated it to you though you do not know what it has .
In the memory of the days spent with विजया Vijaya who says कवि in his language the poet may be traced from this quote ( Unfortunately the lyrical merit of the original poem is slightly different .
She smiled and brought me a flower of joy and I have nothing but the fruit of my sorrow .
I asked him Who is the हारेगा if we have everything we have ?
It was a belief that Tagore had survived many a struggle between himself and the Mahatma to end the deep bond that Tagore had survived .
Indeed this splendid discovery was mutual . "
Before the year ended Tagore presided over the first session of the Indian फिलॉसॉफिकल Congress in Calcutta where he lectured on the philosophical relevance of the Indian people ' s religion and religion .
Soon after the की of the new year he went to Lucknow to attend the All India Music Sabha .
It was in the midst of that music that he received news of the demise of his elder brother . who was a cultured philosopher and philosopher .
One by one all his old relationships were broken : द्विजेन्द्रनाथ was a true philosopher ; ऋन्होंने admits all his knowledge and talents न and made no display before or even the latter .
He was not for Tagore alone but for his elder brother - in - law but for all including Gandhi and Andrews who had earned him enough .
The death of दादा Lal Dada said the Mahatma has lifted up one of our minds the philosopher and patriot .
One day suddenly there was a sudden flash of joy in the stone at the same time as Kusum had never heard of her feet .
But the light music of his steps had not yet been lost .
Kusum had returned to her village but became a widow .
She gradually grew into a lovely युवती - युवती girl lovely as the Ganges swells into beauty during the rainy season .
One day a long - wide and संन्यासी Sanyasi arrived in the village and sets up his abode at डेरा near the Ghats .
Men and women all over the village come to him for his discourse but Kusum is not one .
On the day of the solar eclipse many people from the villages around the neighbourhood have come to bathe in the holy Ganges and many of them are women who have spent their marital life for a few days .
One thing happened in the ears of the Ghats from one of the adult women that was a Sanyasi very much like a husband of Kusum who had lost some years ago and knew that she had died .
The young woman खींचा her face and offered her प्रणाम to the Sanyasi by her संन्यासी .
However this was not the point in which he composed his poetical and musical songs formed by placing the concept of Nataraja the divine devotee holding the universe in the whirl .
In February at Santiniketan the same प्रचेष्टा was incorporated as a dance - drama .
In March he travelled again to western India where he presided over the Hindi Sahitya Sammelan in the then princely state .
This year he spent his महाकाय at the Shillong hill resort in Assam and probably here he began to write the महाकाय पुरुष ( three generations ) .
As the title says it was a very ambitious scheme and he made a very good beginning at the best of the story - telling and utterly departure from any घुमावों and artificial घुमावों .
The portrayal of men ' s lawyers and the social psychologist have combined to build up a consummate work of art which many critics considered as the best novel by Tagore and said " It is the most satisfying of his novels . "
But Tagore was no Tolstoy or टाल्सटाय and could not live long at a given point even though all these people were involved in his work .
The poet the singer and the teacher would often get involved in the story and remove his attention from a theme or character and thus he had to end the story which was published two years later .
Most of Tagore ' s novels show the inevitable विवादों and conflicts of Indian society .
Most of these disputes are generally at the social and cultural level but the aspect analysed is altered in every novel .
Having given up the idea of the journey he was no longer restless and चिडचिडे .
The old poise returned and with it the creative mind .
During his brief stay in Bangalore he not only completed the novel कोलम्बो but also completed another novel कविता कविता ( Last poem ) which was started during his voyage to Colombo .
This novel which is almost half of poetry is very popular among Bengali readers and distinguished in a particular work .
In the modern backdrop its novelty जीवंतता जीवंतता and जीवंतता style की - जीवंतता the author ' s device in which he makes himself popular as the cruel critic of the hero and the most beautiful of these things .
Dr Sukumar Sen said . is a love story that ends up all love stories .
Another interesting fact is that the author ended with it almost at the same time as the second novel भी . and at the same time there are two novels which cannot be so different from each other .
Fortunately as a painter he had no training and no reputation at stake ; so he painted without any inhibition .
The most unfortunate aspect of this case was that he did not take up this art seriously and he showed them some other means of paper drawing कागज apparatus or colour which he painted today a serious problem .
In the midst of intervals of his literary activities he wrote a large picture at a meeting with speed and साहित्यिक which he has painted almost three thousand गद्य and left behind in his thirteen years .
There is no doubt that most of these drawings have very little में in their poetry and images .
In fact some other aspect of his self - credit can be seen - even though he may not be very serious he remained out of bounds and wanted to be expressed by the new medium .
What he wanted to say was that of all that he could call upon him with all his qualifications and that which must have been so much superior to that which he had always loved and loved one another .
When Tagore writes one such conscious sincerity would dedicate itself to the higher objective .
But when he paints it seems like a निद्राचारी in which he does not know what inspiration his feet are raised and what direction are moving outside his control .
They are perverted , क्रूर क्रूर cruel and bitter ( क्रूर ) which he carefully kept aside from his writings and looked out of his sketches .
Not only Angels and फरिश्ते but देवदूत फरिश्ते and फरिश्ते पात्र have their full role .
After his pleasant stay in शांतिनिकेतन he reached the French Indo - China where his warm welcome came to India in July and at the right time to welcome Santiniketan as he said .
In January 1930 Tagore left a tour of western India and returned to Santiniketan in February with a lecture on Man The Artist in Baroda .
In March he sailed for Europe for his यूरोप Lectures at Oxford which he had not been able to deliver on account of ill - health .
In fact these lectures were a very beautiful थे of his career and he was anxious in other words : this time to see an exhibition in Paris and once again to see the मेजबान of Argentina .
The critics of Paris paid a rich reception to these pictures and described them as निर्बंध निर्बंध strictly sincere and निर्बंध .
The आक्सफोर्ड Lectures delivered in Oxford at the end of the month were published in ऋमनुष्य . of एलम्हर्स्ट . dedicated to एलम्हर्स्ट .
After an exhibition of his paintings at Birmingham and London Tagore left for Berlin in July .
This visit deepened his affection and regard for the धर्म with whom he held long discussions : the gist of which is recorded in the धर्म of man .
His pictures were exhibited at Gallery बर्लिन Berlin and his civic reception was held in the old Town Hall of Munich .
He visited many places in Germany including गए ओबेरामेरगाउ where he saw plays .
We have neither power nor wealth .
We are helpless and helpless people of the world who lives worse than dogs . "
Marxism or the philosophy of materialism was totally new to his mental texture and his mind was always wanting in the process of opposition and conflict among the people .
His faith in the individual conscience and the infinite personality of man biased him against any method of political action against wholesale and violent suppression of opposition .
He had also been आतंक by terror that any machine - maker would suppress man and he knew that the party machinery could not have been दबाता and anything .
They believed that . means were capable of विकृत the human end .
He was by no means a blind admirer of whatever he saw in the Soviet Union .
They were aware of the ruthless nature of the party and certain moral limitations of the Soviet trial .
These limitations however did not allow him to lose his perspective or were a hindrance to Tagore ' s object .
It is true that Tagore was sensitive to the political and social upliftment of his country and was not personally inspired by him ? he gave the Mahatma the highest respect among all the political and social leaders of his country .
On the other hand he was afraid that his followers should take undue advantage of the medieval and reactionary sentiments and social systems of the Mahatma .
The Mahatma may अतिक्रमण the bounds of his own convictions but may his followers also do so ?
How many of their convictions were true and history bears witness .
But भारत he understood the real face beneath the masks by his simple and natural जाति and realised that India was a part of all mankind and must march with it .
Gandhi had also come to know of this truth when he said " If man could describe God with all his power and forgiveness then I will come to the conclusion that God alone is Truth .
For the last two years I went a little further and said that Truth is God . "
He wrote it in English during his stay in Germany last year and the citizens of Calcutta had in the meanwhile invited him to attend the रवीन्द्र celebrations on 4 January 1932 when he was briefly acquainted with his arrest .
The poet still had a small measure of loyalty to the British and had sent a telegram to the Prime Minister . protesting against the indiscriminate suppression of their Government and the permanent alienation of Indians from them .
On January 26 he issued a statement which was not published in full due to official ban .
He expressed his feelings in a poem called पृथ्वी in which he addressed God and asked God that you have sent your messengers on this earth repeatedly to teach forgiveness and love .
रवीन्द्रनाथ Tagore left for solitude in एकांतवास on the banks of the river Ganga in a quiet cottage where he wrote several poems inspired by his own paintings and other Indian painters .
Later all these poems were published under the title हुईं and were dedicated to बसु Basu .
As a result of his increasing age and his strenuous work Tagore ' s straight कंधे back and stately shoulders were now losing .
At the same time when he decided that he would no longer be able to travel abroad and that he was invited by King शाह Shah शाह of Iran to visit his country .
They went from the plane to avoid the strain of a long and arduous journey .
He had written a long time ago in one of his poems : " I wish I was a devotee of God . "
But a heart हृदय news was waiting for him to come back from the land of his roses and देश .
His only grandson पोता delicate sensitive and promising young man whom he had sent for training in book - printing in Germany was seriously ill with galloping रोग
जर्मनी died in Germany on 7 August .
His death in a remote foreign country shocked the poet .
But since the poet had to bear many such deaths his faith in life was shaken by deep sorrow .
In one of his most beautiful poems he wrote : " The cruel greatness of your heart made you miserable and भयावह .
With a trembling heart I stood before you .
Some years ago he had sung it : " I have jumped into the ocean of form in my hope that I shall find the pearl of the Formless I shall now .
Except for wandering Rabindranath could now dive deeper and deeper .
Many discerning Bengali critics believe that his best poems were written in the last decade of his life .
It may or may not be true it depends upon the reader ' s mood taste and mental structure .
Indeed it is the undisputed fact that he scaled many peaks in his life which were totally different from each other and which he sees at the summit he appears to be the highest .
And since the last summit is near to the reader its victories can be said to be more painful and वीरोचित since they had determined from their old age and weak body it is not surprising that one may find an ascent .
On the 20th of September the country was shocked to hear that Mahatma Gandhi was determined to fast unto death in jail and he decided to create separate attempts to create a partition between the Hindus and the caste .
On the day Gandhiji was to initiate his fast he wrote at 3 a. m. on the same morning in a letter to Tagore : ' Dear guru गुरुदेव .
On the afternoon I will enter the fire - opening .
I pray for your blessings for this effort .
By the end of the year two of his novels were published in the बोन बोन बोन ( बोन ) and two sisters ( बगीचा ) and the prose drama ( गद्य ) .
This year was a fruitful in literary life though he was constantly united in many literary events and political events .
The बोन बोन is a short novel the atmosphere is primarily psychological and deals with the triangle of normal life - and shows the same love of two sisters .
It seems that the writer has tried to show that a man wants to see both mother and love in woman .
Those who get together in a woman would really be lucky .
But man ' s temperament and society are of such a type that man cannot find both together and love at the whole .
And so a living heart cannot escape from despair .
In this novel two rival sisters who are equally attractive in their dress and preparation make the situation more complicated .
He has tried to face boldly the psychological situation which comes from the conflict of loyalties loyalty to married love and devotion to free love which leads to free love and which the writer has tried to offer moral education .
लेकिन is smaller than both but more dramatic .
The novel is संवाद and is therefore surprising that the author did not write it as a drama .
The story is often similar to that of a नारी बोन two women and a male बोन though not a wife ' s sister here .
The psychological character of this novel is of some other type .
. is happy with her gardener ' s husband works for selling flowers and is loved by his garden .
She was fond of her husband ' s love for her and she was fond of her husband ' s things .
The husband also wants her a lot and the love of her husband is a cause of jealousy to each other .
She was pleased and therefore her heart was very generous .
But people were jealous of her and after ten years of भोगने happiness she suddenly became ill and she managed to bed and she no hope of sharing her husband ' s garden .
She could see from her bed only her past pleasures .
When her husband sent for his cousin Sarala to help him in the garden.
Worse still is the fact that many of our countrymen believe in such a unscientific phenomenon of unscientific ' .
In spite of all this in the English weekly Harijan Mahatma Gandhi wrote repeating his faith : " This earthquake is not a result of God ' s worship or any superstitions .
We do not know the rules of God and their actions . "
Jawaharlal Nehru ' s comment on this point is significant : " I was shocked to read the Mahatma ' s statement a little while wandering in the भूकंपग्रस्त areas .
His age was growing and he could no longer travel .
There was a bigger problem than age .
The royalty from his Bengali books was very meagre and the writing of poetry was not as profitable as it was the buying capacity of a limited section .
By 1934 Tagore had lost his memory in the West than in his living being and his रायल्टी were rarely met .
The Postmaster took no particular job and often the long and extreme उचाट of summer days he called the girl and कश it .
One day the Postmaster took to bed with a severe bout of diseases .
She worked at night with her little daughter and went to her health .
The person who was rightly called the artist of life was now looked upon as a brilliant teacher with all other aspects of these tours a growing value in the minds of the deprived Indian culture .
Except for Bombay the first of these cultural tours had been in Ceylon for which Tagore had always enjoyed respect .
At the same time during his stay in Ceylon he completed his novel Char किया .
Its brief dramatic form was also quite successful on the stage in this powerful novel in which he again presented his old theme again with another vision of human values and political ideals . "
It was conceived as a hidden movement of Bengal in the backdrop of heroism and terrorism the failure of love and human values are gradually depicted .
The purposes for which political heroism is measured in राजनैतिक and forms the author gave an insight into his intensely psychological insight which was described by the author as बंगाल and मनोवैज्ञानिक in Bengal . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
During these five years from 1932 to 1936 Rabindranath travelled extensively within the country and travelled outside the country to Iran and spent seven books of poems के 1936 and देश .
Except for the देश country which was based on a story written before him the theme of the four plays was drawn from the ancient Hindu and Buddhist legends and they had earlier expressed in poetry .
Tagore wrote these old stories with a पहनाया base not only of music and dance but also with dramatic excitement and a deep psychological and moral relevance .
The three main features of these poems are the repetition of memories of premature withdrawal of memories and the tendency to look back upon the long path and to return to them the words of their suffering and possibly the purity of society .
As a matter of fact when he was writing these prose - poems he was writing the old but more or less गद्य poems and songs of pure traditional manner .
Though he was constantly groping for new forms from his old customs : he never gave up his usual छोडा love for life a bridge between death and the mystery of love .
It is this love that takes place from time to time से he knew all the forms of nature his innate humanism his love of love and love for all living beings around him and the earth .
This love has been a recurrent theme of all his works and has often been constantly spreading over six decades .
Even in the last decade of his life the earth had been completely transformed from a very revolutionary phenomenon into a familiar earth - the love of Tagore was becoming frightened or संकुचित by its indiscriminate appearance .
I have loved this earth .
In the midst of hunger and thirst I have tasted it .
In its dust I have found the true meaning of my life . "
It was not a socialist like that of a socialist but according to the deep appeal of his heart it appears that he had lost his taste in Heaven .
Whatever he wanted this wisdom he realised through the experiences of sorrow .
He said : In the deep recesses of human existence it is so pitch dark that only a slight glimpse of it can be seen through the torch of sorrow .
He had acquired this knowledge from his heart and not from mind and philosophy .
That is why he was free of all religious beliefs and rituals and stood for immense love for the earth and its products which he himself said that though he was unhappy and happy .
" In the light of the sun - shade outside this window my consciousness निमग्न no desire no शोक no sorrow until it merges into the vast ocean whose death awaits .
His humanism came to him more सबल from his own heart than from the subtle speculations of the Upanishads or from the Vaishnav lyrical mysticism or from the liberal humanism of Western philosophy .
In one of his poems in पुनश्च he refers to an incident which restricts his feelings and mental conceptions .
ब्राह्मण was a learned Brahmin Pandit who had a great reputation for learning and learning .
The voice said : " Who was my own on this earth and always my childhood companion . I am not able to see him in this room . "
I asked him if he is nowhere ?
There ' s a faint whispering whisper " He is there where I am .
In these two collections many poems are very beautiful and Tagore ' s sentiments are at their best .
For them God is not of any significance if he does not appear in the light of the sun but in the heart of untouchables and is not free from all bondage .
For them the primal mystery of creation is in the दीप्ति of light and its final mystery in the nectar of love .
It was in this fashion that he was very fond of it and he returned again from the same न्यास whatever he had adopted .
Some of them are very beautiful and are as natural as they contain a variety of themes and feelings .
He looks back to the long past through which he had come so far as he knows that he could not forget the secrets of life which he had left behind .
Only consolation can be given to yourself - it is that and there is no burden .
It should be lived without it and its relevance . "
But the terrible misery in one poem is described to one another .
This poem was written on August 6 1932 .
The poet ' s only surviving daughter was in Germany by the bedside of her only son who died the following day .
Unable to travel about freely the poet began to change his place of living from house to house .
He now came to his mind to stay in the mud house and to have a mud house to which he was at that time .
The shocked writer has made a black bird an बिजली portrait of the clouds and electricity of Sravana and unwittingly cast him into a young woman hiding in her impulsive wings .
Not only because the ordinary people wanted to see him acting but it was a pleasure to play .
It was a great success in Calcutta and the poet took it to northern India .
More than money in big cities he found his popularity and thus reached Delhi in the rest of the month of March .
At that time Gandhi was in Delhi and he was greatly pained to see that the poet was suffering from such great pains to collect money for his university in that old age . He sent for quick remittance .
Mahatma Gandhi wrote : " You should now declare your rest of the journey to relieve your countrymen worry . "
Tagore ' s heart was deeply touched and grateful to Gandhi but he was content to be bereft of the joy of travelling all over the country as if he were happy to see his works .
Delhi ' s visit was as memorable as Gandhi ' s generous and his eagerness to the health of Tagore ; it was as painful as the British Government .
How far government practices could become conservative - it was clear when the Delhi Municipality ' s proposal to give civic reception to the poet was cancelled by the government .
On his return from Delhi Tagore did not sit quietly and did not rest like Mahatma Gandhi .
He attended the ordinary public meetings of Calcutta although it was more difficult than seeing his dramas .
On October 2 the poet expressed his deep gratitude to Mahatma Gandhi at his birthday by a special prayer at Santiniketan - which he later took to the presentation of a new dance - drama which was based on his poem कलकत्ता .
As usual the poet was here on the stage .
But Shyama saves her and marries a man of her own wish who could bear the death of death instead of death and झेल himself on the threshold of love .
The परदेसी foreigner gladly turns Syama 's lover but when she comes to know of her inhuman treatment she has filled him with shame and hatred .
The moral law of him is a punishment for the unfortunate act of Shyama who though loyal to her lover is guilty to humanity .
And for the first time that was delivered in Bengali - not in English .
Tagore utilised the opportunity to strengthen the cause of education through his mother tongue .
Tagore delivered two more important lectures one in Bengali and the other at the birth of the Indian saint रामकृष्ण रामकृष्ण at Calcutta on the occasion of the birth of Ramakrishna रामकृष्ण the धर्म of India at Santiniketan .
Tagore could be said to have been a science or a शिक्षा education in no field .
Though it is not a description of any of the fundamental research but the results that have been derived from the modern researches of physical sciences are interesting and effectively explained - it is worthwhile for Bengali readers .
After his return from Nadiad in Calcutta he addressed a public meeting in protest against the atrocities of some political prisoners in the Andamans who were fast in Calcutta .
In September 1937 he composed the Varsha Mangal a song - dance and was staged at Calcutta under his guidance .
He loved nature with all its मुद्राओं even the dreaded heat - storms and dust - storms acquired by him in his poems and songs .
The first jingle he had heard in his infancy was that of a Bengali child - poetry बंग्ला - जल .
The verbal jingle as well as nature ' s jingle as the rain - drops on leaves and leaves had never ceased to delight .
The autumn season was also a favourite with him when the clouds उड through the rain - washed sky .
But in the autumn of 1937 a inauspicious event was awaited him .
In the evening of 10 September when he was sitting on his chair he suddenly became unconscious .
Before the arrival of a specialist doctors from Calcutta for almost forty - five hours his illness could not be detected and he remained unconscious .
There was no telephone at Santiniketan at that time and it took a long time to send an expert doctors to Calcutta .
At this time the poet was struggling between life and death .
Fortunately his consciousness returned and gradually he resumed life .
There was no fear no असंतोष or असंतोष his mind was more reflective and contemplative .
Tagore welcomed a woman ' s concern and his conception of women at Mungpoo where his daughter - in - law looked after her and at Mungpoo she rested .
The hosts of his successors often held discussions with him and his other members of his household and a light - hearted smile and smile when his reminiscences were published a better की smile and a warm smile .
Tagore was excited to reply : " You are thinking of an Asia that would stand on a tower of एशिया .
As you said ' I believe in the message of एशिया Asia but I have never dreamt that these evil will be विभाजनों by those who have created a motive in the heart of the world and have left it for Asia .
In 1937 before and after the battle of death there was a terrible experience of what had appeared in this period as if from the heart ' s blood he had painted with his fantastic pictures and comic pictures .
In 1937 a series of such works were published : कविताएं ( कविताएं ) and a book in which there were stories and tales alike ) .
And most of these ladies were fond of युवतियों Tagore loved to बकबक with children and had a loose and imaginative mind that was full of marvels for the children and he wrote many poems with them .
" One night I saw a dream . . was calling me उठो rises and see what is happening ? "
" I sat up and saw that Calcutta was increasing by लडखडाते steps and moving thousands of beams and धकेल .
The brick - built houses marched ahead like गैंडों while doors and windows banged and opening .
The shops and markets were डूबे and roofs were fighting like a drunken शराबी .
The Howrah bridge crawled like a giant scorpion and Harrison Road पीछे behind.
The Monument हाथी as if a mad elephant was waving its trunk in the air .
Nothing was old to live .
Many of his poems are आत्म but they were free from morbidity and pain .
In the month of Chaitra when the mango trees begin to fruit they drink their tea in the morning .
On seeing three unripe mangoes his mind is lost in the memories of his boyhood days when सोने was the key to a golden key which opens the room of a mysterious मस्ती day . "
The trees were forbidden to climb so they would sit under the tree and wait for a quick gust of wind to fall down some raw mangoes .
For the first time he took the raw mangoes to her he said " Who asked you to bring it ?
One day when he was picking up a mango a bee took off .
Some modern intellectual critics lack the poet ' s lack of the fact that they are so soft even at this age some of the बंगाली and intellectuals have wondered at their maturity .
But even in this mood the poet was cleverly हटकर away from the role of his prophet . and scholar to stop the simple तूफान of audio and visual तूफान he wanted to shed his dreams .
This mockery he speaks in a poem in a dramatic and startling manner and wrote in Kalimpong in the summer of 1940 .
The sweet breath of the evening is creeping along a dusty busy field a small calf trailing behind it .
The First World War of 1914 gave Rabindranath a great deal of uneasiness and pain which induced him to read peace at once .
The year 1940 began to inform both Mangal and अमंगल .
In his formal honour Tagore organised a ceremonial reception at ठाकुर gardens and offered homage to a man who was once described as a great soul in a beggar .
Sir Maurice न्यायाधीश the then Chief Justice of India Dr Radhakrishnan and Justice of the Calcutta High Court represented the Oxford University .
Sir Maurice मौरिस said " The University , I am commanding you is honouring yourself . "
Twenty - two years before this incident this University had declined to recognise the Indian poet .
? wanted Oxford or Cambridge to give Tagore an honorary degree .
When Lord Curzon was consulted he said that there were people in India who were more important than Tagore .
I was surprised to see who they could be : I regretted that England had ignored his contribution to literature for the first time and made it a foreign country . "
By the end of this year three of his stories were published under the title हुईं ( three ) .
These stories are quite different than what they have written .
He could never be satisfied if he had become static or seemingly motionless .
He knows that man can seek the nectar of life from the pot of pain and brings it every moment with his indomitable longing .
As the poet recovered his health he began to enjoy the little trivial sights and sounds with his usual mental vitality .
On the morning of 11 November what he wrote was full of charming , Sukumar and Ananda.
All I know is that at this moment what is the विषाद which is beating - whether its विषाद or in the विषाद or in its विषाद are some of the fastest beating in this !
Fortunately Tagore was not a philosopher and knew only why he did so much that he could sing music without चक्कर .
In fact they are dissatisfied with why no music came.
. was his first love and whatever his affection he loved with other थे he turned to it with great pomp .
The joy of writing a poem as he said in May 1892 is much more than a voluminous prose work : " If I write one poem in a day .
During the seven years from 1894 to 1900 - 1900 he wrote plays stories and other prose compositions besides several distinct volumes of poetry .
One of his such poetic works is Sonar नाव ( सोने of gold ) which is the title of the first poem in this collection .
One day in the rainy season when the clouds thunder in the sky the poet is sitting alone in his field gazing at the river .
Then he finds a golden boat . and sees it as the पतवार .
In this literature it is mentioned that these stones were erected as a memorial of the deceased with respect which is also known as पत्थर this culture was introduced in the first quarter of Christ and perhaps more ancient .
At one time worship of trees as gods and spirits was very popular .
Many kinds of trees were found in this category such as the AI ( banyan ) बरगद ( पीपल ) बरगद बरगद पीपल पीपल वृक्ष वृक्ष वृक्ष वृक्ष वृक्ष वृक्ष वृक्ष वृक्ष वृक्ष वृक्ष ( neem etc .
The Kadamba tree is said to be the abode of का ( Kartikeya ) and the banyan .
It may be considered as an example of a tree - temple or a chaitya that was beyond the Buddhist tradition .
In the latter treatise the reference to a temple of पोदिमनरम् . identified with the Buddhists is a clear indication of the fact that it was referred to as the बौद्धों in Buddhist literature .
All these सज्जा were necessary for the safety of brick and at the same time gave stability to the stupa as it had to bear a substantial weight and suffered from natural factors .
In these stupas and महाचैत्यों the relics of the Mahatma the Buddha and other stupas were kept in a safe place .
In the early stages the आयक platforms were well adorned with sculptures of . . . and . and there were numerous reliefs on the upper layer .
It was perhaps also because the भक्त platform was probably used as a वेदी on which the devotees performed fruit flowers and sun .
In course of time however as in the case of stupas elsewhere the craftsmen paid special attention to the आयक platform .
These slabs were fixed at intervals over the circumference of steep standing pillars .
As a last decoration in these stupas many of the शिलापट्टों - LRB - के - RRB - of the lower - lying पलटकर and पलटकर on their flat surfaces .
The नागार्जुनकोंडा of Nagarjunakonda was built in the नागार्जुनकोंडा years of the नागार्जुनकोंडा times a very beautiful example of the नागार्जुनकोंडा stupas .
Its brickwork has been mostly plastered over and decorated with a massive garland on which the अंड are painted .
The stupa at Amravati is a solid stupa with eight pillars on the centre of the stupa - wall projected from the outer wall and thus जुडऋई a wheel of rolling into the middle and जुडऋई .
It probably had a circular outer circumference .
The आयक platforms in the stupas of this region are mostly found but they are not found in the stupas at आयक and रामतीर्थम .
Similarly in the case of the Buddhist stupas on the east coast between Nagarjunakonda and Amaravati on one side and , on the other stupas have the आयक platforms on one side .
It may be noted in this context that the पत्थरों at the bottom of the Amaravati stupa have revealed only एकाश्म . though these stones are still extant .
These प्रस्तर were also established in the memory of some hero . warrior राजा king and sometimes even ordinary people .
Women who आत्मदाह themselves on the death of their husbands at the time of their lives had become such pillars in their memory as the पत्थर or the सती of the dead .
These are also found in places adjoining the Kannada region of Tamil Nadu from the fourth century onwards though they were common in Kannada .
An ancient example of hypaethral temple is found on the धरती peak of the Coimbatore Coimbatore district where a धरती पत्थर pillar is planted on the earth with a trident in its front and surrounded by small pieces of stone.
In the epic का refers to such temples built of brick having massive entrances or gopura .
In the southernmost part of Tamil Nadu as is evident from its literature there were different gods belonging to the different regions - the plains of the घास the , the , the , the , and the घास and the बंजर .
These were called था . . . . . or था .
The political map of the Maurya Empire also shows that the princely states in the south had nothing to do with their well - developed language and culture .
The earth which is the mother of all life is on the sea - the first or पर of this world born in this lap is a mind - woman who is now her childhood friend .
There is another lovely and moving poem in the same volume entitled कविता i not let you go .
But the poet ' s little daughter sits quietly on the threshold and as soon as he goes he says " I will not let you go .
These simple words which burst forth from the heart of the infant reveal the eternal agony and pain of the poet .
All is flowing in this unceasing flux of life and nature and there is an eternal cry between them and no longer बीच ! "
These poems glow with passion and it is passion suffused and subdued by meditation .
From here the shadow of discussion gradually spreads to his poems and as this passion or passion becomes stronger the thoughts become more powerful and effective .
A second volume of कविताओं poems published in 1896 under the title सोनार ka - हुआ and अंग्रेजी published in English .
Many of his readers have believed that this volume is the best fruition of Tagore ' s poetic gift .
The moulded kapota of the edges is the किनारों the griva and the किनारों sikhara , behind .
The मंदिर temple now has a त्रिविक्रम image - that shows some of the steps of निश्चितरूपेण development .
This process is called है in Indian Silpa .
Considering these temples the शिखरों of विश्वकर्मा and the शिखरों temple and the नकुल of सहदेव are very similar to those found in the शिखरों temple and the सहदेव of सहदेव .
In the early rock architecture rock architecture - LRB - शैल - RRB - where another architecture was used for the construction of a temple and some other religious places at the time of Asoka .
Both processes developed later in the period of the Chalukyas Pallavas Pandyas and other contemporary dynasties .
The rock architecture of Ellora ( all the twelve excavations ) centred round the southern tip of the hill - hills - where it reached the excavations of Aurangabad which are the most part of the ancient Buddhist period .
Caves 4 and 6 to 10 are of the seventh century .
Caves 11 and 12 are unique and belong to the seventh century .
On the other hand the former is a very simple one and perhaps just carved out of use .
Cave 2 has two lateral cells with a ardha - mandapa .
Cave 3 has pillars on the lateral walls of the mandapa .
Cave 4 is है .
In the lower floor there is a hall and a पूजागृह behind which there are additional cells on either side of the shrine and on the lateral walls of the hall .
Cave 8 has a large hall with three monk - cells on the north wall .
The northern wall of the circumambulatory passage has a प्रदक्षिणा chamber .
Cave 6 has a verandah like any other caves at its rear a lateral hall with six cells .
At the end of the central पूजागृह there are प्रज्ञापारमिता at one end and there is a certain structure of पूजागृह which shows that it is the main shrine .
Cave 9 is in the correct sense a long hall or mandapa with a prominent sculptured relief of sculptures - in a way inferior imitation of Cave 10 .
Cave 10 ( विश्वकर्मा ) is a large chaitya similar to those of Ajanta with pillars and aisles and balconies in front of the arched entrance .
The apse consists of a stupa with a carving of a seated Buddha on the axis indicating the stupa - shaped stupa - shaped stupa with a circular apse or भीतर .
The drum of the stupa has twelve circular स्तूप of which 10 contain small Buddha figures .
The arches of the front are very beautiful and are quite different from those of Ajanta and other places .
Its three - तिपतिया tea ( arches or मेहराब ) shows the मेहराब of the contemporary north Indian Brahmanical temples .
Caves 11 and 12 are of the seventh century and are known respectively as the two - storeyed . and the three - storeyed गुफाएं these are the largest structures of this group .
A similar rock cave - structures have now been found in the recent excavations at के in the southern bank of the Krishna river के .
From then on this behavior and tradition was completely abandoned or forgotten and there was no attempt at such a long interval of time .
The inscription says : " It was built by the king राजा for Brahma . for God and Vishnu without a brick - devoid of wood . and आवास .
What was even more remarkable was that this was a departure from the known process of excavation into the carefully chosen soft rocks .
With it more cave - temples were excavated into the hard rocks of the south .
They are all of a simpler design and less ambitious in size because of the hardness of the new rock material of hitherto unknown potentialities that involved greater labour invention of new tools and the skill of cutting and cutting .
Thus it may be said that the Chalukyas and the Pallavas inaugurated two parallel traditions in the south .
उ
On the sides of the square sections of the pillars are adorned with large circular lotus shapes often enclosed within a section .
Where the inner pillars are absent the differences were indicated from the different layers of the floor or the ceiling .
From the floor of the mandapa a rock - cut flight nearly three steps leads to the simple shrine entrance which is cut somewhat projecting into the mandapa .
The shrine often shows a carved base or adhishthana the दीवार and the wall दीवार on its two front corners are dependent on four - sided flat pilasters with two pairs of pilasters one on the other side .
The door - frame if distinct is plain and plain .
The pilasters carry distinct capital mouldings and corbels or corbels on certain matters .
The kapota is adorned by semi - circular kudu ornaments with a flat shovel - shaped finial .
The shrine doors are generally guarded by relief sculptures of two armed dvarapalas .
They have in fact no proper sculpture of the deity की Vishnu or any other deity but are dedicated according to the inscription .
Often there are traces of lime plaster on the hind wall and there are traces of painting on which the object of worship was mural painting of the deity .
Sometimes on the basis of the hind wall there is a slight elevation of a back which points out that the deity is painted or lime mortar and painted or painted गारे and painted on the wooden panel would have been खांचे .
These Mahendra temples are also noted in the मंडप mandapa part besides the dvarapalas.
In the case of the Vishnu cave at मंमुदर and the cave - temple at गुफा the dvarapalas are not found either on the flanks of the mandapa facade .
The mouths of the dvarapalas are either full - front or half - sided with the shrine entrance and live on a large टिके surrounded by a serpent.
In Siyamangalam the two outer dvarapalas though on either side of the mandapa entrance are depicted as warriors at separate niches though the dvarapalas are in usual form .
The Tiruchirapalli upper का rock - cut cave - temple of शिव differ in that it has a large group of गुफा directly on the western wall of the mandapa in front and depicted Siva as गंगाधर .
Its back wall has two more panels on either side of the projected shrine entrance carrying Gajalakshmi and Durga .
The भू from which the भू भू and the head भू from near the neck are absent in the human body is a masterpiece of art without similar representation in Gupta and other sculptures .
The central shrine is now empty ; but perhaps there were painted or stucco representations of नरसिंह .
But similar लालित्यपूर्ण of Gajalakshmi and Durga.
In addition there are three niches on either side of the entrance on the front wall of the projected central shrine of the आदिवराह cave - temple .
The niches flanking the entrance contain dvarapalas.
The niches placed at the corners of the north and south contain a human image with a five - headed serpent - hood - LRB - नागराज - RRB - with a five - headed serpent.
The large reliefs of Lord Shiva are standing on the northern and southern walls of the mukha - mandapa .
Similar panels on the southern and northern walls of the ardha - mandapa with almost all their queens and wives there are royal portraits of the Pallava kings विष्णु and Mahendra with their inscriptions on whom they are named .
The main sanctum contains a modern stucco form of Varaha .
The temple is still worshiped though the deities do not come in the service of other worship .
The relief sculptures of Durga on the southern wall of the Ramanuja Pandava mandapam and on the northern wall were destroyed by the गुफा who had occupied the later period by the आधिपत्य who were also the three cells of this type .
The hind wall of the central shrine bears traces of a Somaskanda group .
The Mahishamardini cave - temple consists of two highly popular Pallava sculptures on the two sides of its mandapa namely the सेना - e - सेना on the wall of the महिषासुर and his army the सेना seated on the भित्तियों and the सेना on the southern wall of विष्णु .
The beauty depicted in Durga with its मुद्रा grace its मुद्रा vigour and efficiency alone can the female head and human body be treated as a वराह which has been described as मुद्रा by its मुद्रा and its behaviour .
Thus all these forms are represented by some of the earliest extant forms and are thus represented by the private sculptures or iconography.
It is also reported that the Mahishamardini cave - temple was originally dedicated to Vishnu but later on in the same century Vishnu ( perhaps painted stucco ) was replaced by a large Somaskanda panel .
The narrow spots on either side of the shrine on either side of the sanctum are appropriately entrenched and improved according to the Saiva dedication while the original plan found the विष्णु position .
In the series of rock - cut sculptures found near Mahabalipuram and around it the cave - temples are not altogether similar to the Dharmaraja mandapam but other structures of Rajasimha Pallava ( 700 - 728 ) known as गुफा in the north of Mahabalipuram .
Based on the पैरों an arched image of की standing on the hind legs is धिरी by वल्लरी मस्तक known as tiger forehead .
In the south of the mandapa are carved next parts of two elephant with होदों carved on the मंडप rock face the बीच being a अश्व pillar with a horse at the extreme south .
The northern face of the rock has a large squatting lion - front cut तराशा with a small square niche carved in its chest with a relief panel of Mahishamardini .
It is clear that during the festival it served as a resting - place for the यात्रा idols or राजपुरूषों in the यात्रा .
The same is the शिलालेखों known in the inscriptions .
A small replica of the तट is found on the surf - beaten rocks in the south of the Shore temple in Mahabalipuram .
On the north of the temple there is another large rock called the Mahishamardini rock with a lion face and Durga niche in the heart .
On the way ahead we can refer to the famous carved compositions of the मूर्ति group on the massive rocks of Mahabalipuram .
They are Arjuna ' s penance and the तपस्या के .
Ask them to raise their heads and stand united and assure them that you are more scared than you .
His heroic impulse had broken down from time to time and though he saw Mahatma Gandhi only in his ideals and in his programmes a पूर्वाभास but he could not think in one direction .
For in another poem के written after a few days and the reminiscences of the old days are स्मृतियों with memories of the days lost in the sweet memories of the jasmine and घर flowers .
How sweet it was when she gave me the flowers from her hands .
In another poem he laments that he should not achieve anything .
The harp was in my hand and I had music in my mind and who would know that the strings of the veena will be broken .
But in such a way the Vishnu cave - temples at least are found in the Vishnu cave - temples as well as in the Vishnu - temple in Vishnu - temples in the form of शयन मुद्रा and often in the reclining form .
The मुद्रा cave - temple at the bottom of the standing मुद्रा is occupied by the Vishnu - temple of the cave - temple at तिरूचिरापल्ली and the मुद्रा on the east and the मुद्रा shrine at शयन in the जिला .
The actual अवशेष or remnants of them are अवशेष in the first two but the actual अवशेष or remnants of them are नष्ट but in the first two they are completely destroyed .
The extant शैव indicate that the art of की ( तंत्रीयुक्त ) was enunciated by some गुणसेन and that the benefit of के was carved out by a disciple of a great Saiva or शैव King and के .
While the cave - temple at गुफा is thus linked to the above other temples by the presence of the गुफा inscriptions the person of a king or a सामंत is found in the same area as के .
Moreover it is found in the Siva cave - temple at वीर far away in the southern Tirunelveli district and the cave - temple at गुफा near क्विलन in Kerala .
It also refers to the similarity of origin such as की की and की of time .
The cave - temple at गुफा with a east - facing mandapa facade and the western wall of the mandapa is well - known for the remains of the ancient wall paintings of समकालीन and मंडप of समकालीन .
The Siva cave - temple at शिव was excavated by विदेल विदुगुमुत्तरैयार in the शासन year of Pallava शासन .
The adjoining Vishnu cave - temple is perhaps a Muttaraiyar excavation .
These are examples of typical cave - temple models with halls and front mandapas .
Such other cave - temples are at गुफा . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . and गुफा निकट near the last two विजिनाम at Kanya Kumari .
For example the लिंग cave - temple has a उत्तरमुखी facade and an entrance - hole only on the same side while the corbels are of the Chalukyan type with a double ring ( लिंग ) and with the pitha within the shrine .
The dvarapalas are built on the outer wall of the walls on the eastern and western sides somewhat back from the middle of the east - west axial line .
The linga - pitha is often a structural addition though monolithic examples cut off from the same rock as the cave are also often cited .
The floor has square sockets ; the लिंग or square lower portion of the linga inserted into the floor and the pitha assembled round its exposed base as in the case of Pallava cave - temples a feature starting from about AD 700.
In लिंग and लिंग the linga is a part of the cave and is cut into a rock like the Pandya Muttaraiyar examples .
The placement of Hanuman as one of the two द्वारपाल in the cave - temples at गुफा recalls the similar feature found in the Pandya cave - temple at Madurai .
He स्वाभाविकता this form in Bengali and achieved amazing results .
As can be seen in the case of the Bharata Tagore chose a उपाख्यान episode which was associated with the epic story of the Mahabharata but he gave it the right to the द्वंद्व of a scientific struggle .
आचार्य the teacher of अमरता knew the secret of immortality and had the ability to live dead .
The gods were keen to know the secret and he sent Kacha the younger son of his school .
Seeing this young and handsome Brahmin young daughter Devayani falls in love with her and urged her father to make her disciple .
Having completed his study and learnt the art of reviving the dead Kacha comes to Devayani to bid her farewell.
This small drama begins with this departure and is based entirely on the dialogue between the two .
" You have acquired that knowledge ” says Devayani . What you have hoped is the most difficult one .
The knowledge that the gods looked लोलुप now belongs to you .
In most cases a stone image or symbol of the principal deity for worship in the sanctum is generally reminiscent but not in the late quarter of the seventh century it appears in the Pallava examples .
The sanctum had a stucco panel or painting or a stone sculpture as a bas - relief on the hind wall rather than on the floor .
In the earliest examples of cave - temples the गर्भगृह garbha - griha is comparatively small in Badami and sufficient for the pitha of the linga at लिंग and in others for the image .
In all cases the pitha is rock - cut or monolithic and not set separately and often the linga too is monolithic and of a monolithic and brilliant rock .
The invariably square linga - pitha has a projecting spout on its top to drain off the जल water and to collect the water into the rock floor below the linga - pitha .
It is found again in the Pandyan cave - temples of the farthest south as found in the intervening Pallava cave - temples or cave - temples of the north.
As mentioned earlier the पाषाण on the floor of the sanctum are also found in the stone temples of the डींग Valley .
The spout projects invariably northwards irrespective of the direction of the sanctum .
In cases where the sanctum itself faces north the alternate Agamic injunction that it is left properly is adhered to .
He saw that the whole sky was full of dense clouds and he lost in the memory of his predecessor Kalidasa ' s स्मृति छंदों on such a day a great verse was composed of which the lovers of love had been separated .
This poem written in the ancient प्राचीन was a new रक्त and it is evident that Tagore had such self - confidence that he could claim his talent with the greatest and most prolific poet कालिदास and Kalidasa .
He wrote another magnificent poem at Santiniketan which was addressed to Ahalya the victim of the divine शिकार which had turned into a stone by the curse from her husband .
The poet asks How did you feel Ahalya when you closed in the darkness of मां - where the mother निवास dwells beneath the painted and painted पटल ?
Are you the creator of that pure but dumb love or patient and patient of humanity the only mother of humanity that feels for her child .
Have you been immersed in a sleepless vigil like the great mother who is क्षुब्ध by some noise and turbulence the cries and cries of her unruly children?
It is compact and has a नंदी Nandi - mandapa with a large sculpture of scientific value .
There are numerous cave - temples at गुफा which are given a collective number of cave - cells .
Each unit consists of a mandapa with simple pillars and pilasters of square section with corbels of the Chalukyan style on the facade and the shrine chamber at the rear.
The rear wall of the shrine has a relief of Mahesamurti .
The monolithic circular pitha on the floor has a linga also and in a case a rock - cut linga .
They may be located near AD 750 in the early years of Rashtrakuta rule in Ellora .
The Mahesamurti reliefs here are quite different from the celebrated one at Elephanta and unlike Elephanta they are located on the wall behind the Rashtrakuta linga .
The sculptures of Vishnu and Siva on the early Western Chalukyan caves as at Badami were severely carved whereas in the later cave - temples they are about प्थक .
The former type of caves contain the female सप्तमातृका Sarasvati . Gajalakshmi and Parvati .
The later राष्ट्रकूट - Rashtrakuta caves show मुद्रा with मुद्रा of the मुद्रा - , of the राष्ट्रकूट - राष्ट्रकूट though it is only in some extent distinct in the Western Chalukyan sculpture forms . in the extreme form and force of expression .
The profusion of such didactic depictions क्षतिपूर्ति richly for the diminution of the aesthetic quality of the earlier phase.
While the Western Chalukyan linga - pitha are mostly square the Rashtrakuta linga - pitha are circular in Ellora Caves 15 and 16 and the गुफा cave .
They are monolithic and form part of the monolithic rock of excavations .
The Chalukya - Rashtrakuta females are of a different type .
It is only in the monolithic linga - pitha and linga of the Pandyan temples that we find square लिंगपीठ circular and octagonal linga .
Here memory broods and pines in the deserted nook of departed happiness .
Go and waste your precious time .
He is confident that the happy memories of the days in this hermitage will be constantly reminded .
Both exchange their memories and make Kacha aware of the fact that his father was prepared to give education to his opponent ' s son nor did he do so .
He प्रेम with his masculine नारी to the point that Kacha loves her and प्रेम her studies and tried to comfort her .
After all what was the पालतू who विरत you from your study to fetch water in my flower beds and सहलाने my pet deer .
When the river किनारे at the के bank of the river ? as if the eyes are heavy with wrinkled eyelids ? why are you sitting beside me on the दूब ?
If you had come to know only why did you pick up in your coils this ugly - eyed girl ?
It was not that you had carefully thought and prepared a plan to provide the grace of my father . "
As an alternative sufficient stone material at the top was left initially without any cut - off which was finished as a stupi at the end of the work .
The विमानों विमानों of these double - storeyed vimanas all confined to विमानों seem to have continued for two generations after Mamalla i. e AD 700 when probably the upper - horned figures of these vimanas were carved in their necks and horns .
The earlier sanctum painted stucco forms of the principal deity .
Because of the vimana temples
The common information about the basic elements of the southern vimana temple would be necessary for it is not feasible to describe them in addition to the most characteristic features of the sanctum but also to the most of the earlier and the विमान .
These are not the superstructure over the temple as is often found in many writers and in some of the texts .
Further often a small vestibule is आगे .
The earliest examples of the southern temple were of the unitary type with its ardha - mandapa or ardha - mandapa surrounded by the enclosure wall .
Subsequently a stage came when a maha - mandapa was added before the ardha - mandapa and was well integrated with the main parts the घेर and the whole complex was surrounded by a single wall - wall .
The circular से . or apsidal from base to apex or of which the griva and sikhara are so वेसर .
Though generally square or oblong planning gives a purely Nagara form but in many cases the upper griva and sikhara of the series of आदितल or plain or octagonal talas can assume shape.
Similarly the oblong structure may consist of अडांकार griva and sikhara वेसर which again विमान the vimana .
Lastly in such a classification the components of the griva and sikhara are really important .
The square विमान circular hexagonal or octagonal structures having a crest on which the domical ultimate sikhara is only a single finial or stupi is called kuta sikhara .
The oblong or octagonal body structures with a wagon - top vault - like or inverted विमान on either roof or top with a काय sikhara are considered as sala vimana or sabha .
चाप
It belongs to the " पंजर or पंजर class .
The ham or series of diminutive shrines on top of the विमानों vimanas is built into these three shrine forms - forms miniature kuta sala ( or कोष्ठ ) and panjara ( or पंजर ) .
They are placed on the upper corners of the talas and sides of the talas and are attached to the recesses of the talas and बाजुओं rather than the kuta groove and panjara elements in a horizontal structure called the पार्श्विक on top of the antarala .
Though the basic elements of the plan of the mandapa are found in large rocks and in the remains of Nagarjunakonda their structures were more evident than the seventh century in stone and brick temples .
In the Chalukya - Rashtrakuta series in the Deccan and their successors built by their successors are of two types .
In the first case the central portion of the स्तंभों is divided into two concentric rows of small and thick pillars corresponding to the high pillars the peripheral round the shorter and concentric pillars .
The four central pillars at the corners of a central class and on equal distance build twelve pillars or pilasters in the axial and भित्तिस्तंभ row round the central bay .
The addition of twenty more pillars into the rows of inner pillars and at the outer cycle and at the corners will bring the number of bays to twenty and make the mandapa and a large section .
In the Pallava - Pandya series temples and in the farther south following the materials , technological and tradition the shapes were expanded from the class to the वर्ग using linear rows of taller pillars with a wide sweep .
All this resulted in multi - pillared mandapas having hundred or thousand pillars .
Till about the commencement of the eleventh century the gopuras or storeyed gateways piercing the protective prakara or enclosure wall characteristic of the southern temples were built smaller than the विमान vimana .
They are essentially oblong on plan transversely linear with the entrance into the centre and with a simple or storeyed superstructure with a row of शाला .
The विमान is similar to the oblong or विमान aircraft with hara components at each level .
Such pioneering work of building cut - out vimana temples was initiated by Mamalla ( विमान ) to different degrees of fulfilment .
The earlier temples were built by his successors , उत्तराधिकारियों II ( उत्तराधिकारियों ) and उत्तराधिकारियों ( 700 ) and perhaps by के ( 700 ) before commencement of the construction of structural temples .
At the same time it would be useful to consider eight miniature bas - relief representations of vimanas found at the same place and the full - scale example of the विमानों cave - temple facade since they all give a variety of विमानों .
So these stone replicas can be a good पाषाण point in the study of the south Indian temple craft .
It is also because these faithfully reproduce not only in a variety of forms but also with perfect reliability of various parts of the original structures of brick and timber .
The miniature bas - relief structures found in the scene of Arjun ' s penance in Mahabalipuram are the विमान or wall का the प्रस्तर or wall . with the स्तूपी of the griva ग्रीवा sikhara and stupi .
Being नागर and square from base to finial it belongs to the Nagara class and is dedicated to Vishnu who is shown inside the cella.
The reproduction of parts of the wooden original is quite evident .
The hara is extended over the mandapa just like all the above cases .
The Dharmaraja ratha is three - storeyed square on the talas and octagonal in the griva sikhara region but the three storeys are intended to be functional .
Therefore in the structure of the vimana the विमान are three superposed garbha - griha against the विमान but symbolic upper talas in the other rathas and the subsequent structural examples .
In its execution the कक्षीय method of construction is adopted which consists of a class of progressive elevation enclosed by three concentric walls rising up from one end to the progressive heights of the talas and thus dropping the gap between the two .
The outermost wall rising to the height of the aditala prastara is however present in sections only round the four corners - the intervening open sides . all vyala - based including two pillars and two pilasters .
The small mukha - mandapa on the east facing the aditala is a ham which in its structure contains for the first time the apsidal पंजर or पंजर with kutas and salas .
The octagonal griva sikhara region has four projected nasikas on the four cardinal sides .
While the lower talas remain unfinished apart from their exterior the topmost tala has a sanctum excavated into it containing a Somaskanda form of Siva with Vishnu on its hind wall .
On the rear two corners of the maha - mandapa is adorned by double - storeyed vimanas of the prakara wall with three doors from the central projected महामंडप on the south - west and north sides with more raised शालाओं to show the entrance .
The top of the mandapa is almost flat with a large number of lotus . carved over its centre .
Behind the maha - mandapa and antarala stands the main vimana square with its shorter sides than the sides of the dais with the adhishthana at the centre of the upa - pitha while the five detached sub - shrines are cut at intervals .
The three smaller vimanas on the three cardinal sides of the upa - pitha are dvitala sala vimanas while the two on the rear corners are tritala kuta vimanas .
These five परिवार perform on the corners of the back two pseudo - double - storeyed kuta vimana and Nandi - temple all around the main vimana carrying eight subsidiary shrines or परिवार which had already developed in the structural temples of the south .
The principal vimana is four - storeyed or विमान .
The lower talas of the superstructure over the aditala including the sanctum are projected over the upa - pitha a gable projection which forms a gable projection . It forms the Chalukya - Rashtrakuta southern temples and their उ .
Though the talas are square the griva and sikhara are octagonal making the vimana conform to the Dravida class of the composite type of the vimana .
The stupi now missing was not part of the का monolithic .
The walls are plain दीवारे pilasters simple दीवारे . shape and devoid of vyala bases .
It contains a Somaskanda relief as the main deity on the wall behind the temple the Kailasanatha complex at Kanchi is a joint venture of Rajasimha and his son राजसिंह .
The principal vimana now known as the Kailasanatha is called the facing east and four - storeyed ) and griva are invariably square structures . but octagonal .
The aditala is double - walled and moulded on all four sides and four corners evidently have small दीवारों on the four sides and corners including the cella and enclosing and सटे over the outer wall of the aditala .
While the adhishthana at the four corners are square with four - sided kuta sikhara. Small double - storeyed vimanas on all four sides are built with rectangular planning and the south पश्चिम west and विमान
The corresponding building in the east is also oblong ; the sala superstructure has a passage in place of the cella and functioning as a antarala passage to the main shrine .
The kuta and sala sikhara of the adjoining temples are cleverly incorporated into the hara scheme over the prastara of the outer wall of the aditala as in the शाला .
The भूतल of these abutting vimanas have their own forms of Siva .
Unlike the main sanctum these west - east पश्चिमाभिमुखी south पश्चिमाभिमुखी north and north - east face west face west .
Then again the temple had to face the evil days before it became a protected monument and came to be used .
Thus the painted section of the मंदिर temple mentioned earlier are the earliest Pallava painting extant as found so far .
It has a four - storeyed main vimana dedicated to all the talas of the topmost tala containing the superposed garbha - griha to enshrine the three forms of Vishnu in a spot मुद्रा मुद्रा विमान विमान विमान विमान and शयन .
The three concentric walls made up of three concentric walls forming three concentric walls one inside the other with a passage of two चलने .
The sanctum of the aditala is thus surrounded by two covered circumambulatory passages in which the outer passages fall into the प्रदक्षिणा whereas the inner one can go to the second floor .
The outer ambulatory of the second tala is flanked by the hara of kutas salas and the outer wall of the panjaras .
The kutas salas and panjaras of the correspondingly relieved bays and recesses of the bays and recesses of the walls.
The fourth tala . a small bottom carries the octagonal griva and sikhara carries the stupi of metal at its top four lions originally placed on the four corners of which are originally से in stucco .
The bays between the outer wall of the aditala contain small बीच while the lateral wall have devakoshthas with बीच niches and perforated recesses .
The bays and recesses of the outer wall of the upper tala have similar sculpture .
The lowest storey and the ardha - mandapa in front of it is surrounded by a narrow open circumambulatory round the base of the adhishthana .
It is surrounded on all the pillars by a covered छत covered by a narrow terrace on a raised platform the aditala having low आदितल and a wall on the outer bank.
This arrangement when viewed from outside gives an idea of तट as in the case of the Shore temple described earlier .
In addition to several divine अर्धमंडप and contemporary records on the अर्धमंडप and the ardha - mandapa the most interesting feature of this temple is that it has a series of शिल्पों structures from the Pallavas to the times of the Pallava temple .
Other temples of this period found in Kanchi are में though smaller in size are interesting for their architecture and science .
They are . . . पत्थरों पत्थरों पत्थरों पत्थरों पत्थरों पत्थरों पत्थरों . and बालुकाश्म temples built mainly of sandstone but the अधिष्ठान of their adhishthana and top having a ग्रेनाइट platform to raise the upa - pitha .
The superstructure of the की is lost .
The Kailasanatha at जिला ( Tiruchirapalli district is a large temple in sandstone and is much similar to the Kailasanatha of Kanchi .
It is made up of the latter half of the eighth century and is an example of the provincial variety of the Pallava vimana .
But soon after this in the middle of the long reign of the second Pallava the मंदिर cave - temple in the latter half of the eighth century could have been carved out of a series of granite carving and पत्थरों as in the case of small temples .
The present three - storeyed structures built by bricks on the stone adhishthana of the पाषाण temple are unique in this अर्श that the three of them are occupied by the आगम seated on the Vishnu with the three सटे on the north and the लेटे .
Both these temples and the पत्थर ( the large and fine - built stone - built temples at दक्षिण अर्काट district ) show that the use of stone was favoured by the use of brick and stone .
The remnants of temples built by a soft stone at जिला are noted for their fine sculpture and are examples of pure architecture and art .
The structural use of the Chalukya - Rashtrakuta series was found confined to their capital ) ( Badami - LRB - Badami - RRB - the adjoining व्यापारिक the व्यापारिक the व्यापारिक and व्यापारिक ( all the Bijapur district ) .
In all of them the native soft sandstone of fine grain and quality was used as it was easily possible .
Before considering the famous and प्रासाद forms of temples in this series it would be good to briefly consider some of the temples of the mandapa type which are the early temples of this series and the early ones .
The two temples of the ज्योतिर्लिंग group are just the mandapa - type closed and flat - cut walls with a small - sized outer Nandi - mandapa in front .
The वृत्तों is a massive building the upa - pitha essentially stands as a mandapa on a moulded moulded adhishthana with four central pillars growing more and less with two concentric pillars of the height running into the पत्थर and smaller the बाहरी .
The central bay at the rear end with a slopy roof is converted into a shrine with a plinth and slab walls .
Over the central पाषाण has been constructed with an upper cell heavy slabs .
The inscription of AD 634 may not relate to the stone structure of पाषाण which we have now but to an earlier structure perhaps of brickwork which might have been built of brick - the stone frame placed before it .
For judging by the components of the adhishthana and the wall pilasters and their developed mouldings one can only claim them on comparison with the other evidence found in , Aihole पट्टदकल and Badami A. D. .
One such parallel case is of the present का temple which is a completely brick - built structure which can only be from the date of the pillars standing का or more the mandapa would not have been built .
The present stone temple of a later date than the pillar would have replaced an earlier brick structure with a inscribed pillar .
The central bay of the temple in the central bay was raised and on the four sides was often of the ढलवां type of oblong Jain temple at था .
Coming to the typical vimana temples of the Chalukyas of Badami we find that the earliest efforts were confined to the outskirts of the capital Badami and adjoining महाकूटेश्वर .
The outer wall as well as the adhishthana below have devakoshthas inside the bays on each side with niches cut at intervals on each side with a superposed kapota on top of the kuta variety with a prastara on the southern face .
The Mallikarjuna has a circular griva and sikhara above the square talas and is therefore of the वेसर order .
The Sangamesvara vimana is tritala and has a three - storeyed sandhara aditala with its outer wall extended forward to form the ardha - mandapa over an extended adhishthana with four rows of five pillars on each side .
In the middle of the northern side of the maha - maha - mandapa is a pair of loose pillars .
The exterior and recesses of this wall are alternately relieved and recessed with a series of देवकोष्ठों .
The prastara over the outer wall of the vimana and its front mandapa wall extension carries a hara of karnakutas and salas over which are the कर्णकूटों of the bays below .
The hara elements over them are में panjaras का perhaps the first appearance of every third characteristic organ in the vimana and अनुषांगिकों of the Chalukyas .
The second tala too carries the upward projection of the inner wall of the aditala carries with the hara of four karnakutas and four salas while the third tala has four salas only on the cardinal sides with the nasika projections of the griva and sikhara field .
The apse forms the narrow entrance of the mandapa in front of the inner wall of the aditala .
The agra - mandapa has four pillars at the front end of the adhishthana with a raised रोशनदान roof .
The aisles of the antarala are flat between two walls around the shrine .
Its original submission is uncertain .
The name Durga is को for the temple as it was evidently not dedicated to the goddess .
If the incompatible superstructure of the northern prasada type is not original the temple must have been either of a flat roof or an apsidal structure of the शैली and की apsidal temples .
It is essentially a sandhara sandhara vimana square on plan from its base to the summit with two talas below .
The kudu motifs on the cornice or kapota tier of the adhishthana have lost their original nasika shape and have become flat triangular reliefs precursors of the नासिका projections of the Hoysala temples .
Some of these gods deal with the dedication of sculptures of various deities with which they are described as रंग forms रंग and their weights .
In some cases descriptions of various ornaments such as weights of gold and jewels their variety and properties have been given to them by way of using gifts and weight of yarn etc .
The name of the भूमि land is mentioned to the parts of the unit .
All this is merely an evidence of the emperor ' s alertness in matters of this great temple .
All these are later additions to the premises from which the last hero is the period .
This magnificent work of the Cholas began in 1003 and in some of their cave - temples it was still imperfect that a second Chola pattern was built within twenty years and was named after the great Brihadisvara .
The newly built capital of this great temple was elected का ( Tiruchirapalli district ) and this name was held on the title of the king which indicated his conquests and successful campaign to the Ganga .
The shrine has only two entrances one gopura ( now shattered ) on the east with a simple double - storeyed torana gate on the north .
However a large part of the stone - prakara wall was built on the river adjoining the previous century for supply of stone in the building of a बांध gopura . . . . and mandapas almost extinct among the three quarters of the vimana .
From its predecessor pattern at Thanjavur the vimana is a small one of less height and of the shorter size but in the niches of the walls bold and almost cut - off in a circle perhaps superior .
The temple is also a veritable museum of sculptures of varied iconography including some fine dance का .
Of the coeval main gopuras the inner one in front and the rear ones have ruined at the top and the taller gopura at the front has the characteristic squat shape of that period .
The series of temples of this later Chola and later Pandya were broken by a short - lived Muslim invasion and then अंतर्गत under the Vijayanagar Empire of मुस्लिम these sites were mostly carved out of stone vimanas and gopuras .
For example the पत्नी temple built by वाराणसी for the consort of Lord विश्वेश्वर at Varanasi .
These were built in the precincts of the earlier temples or in adjoining them which were originally not प्रागंण for example the Thanjavur Brihadisvara .
At the compound they were constructed with a definite location a separate vimana with a sala sikhara dedicated to devi as the consort of the presiding deity in the main vimana and enjoyed equal importance in rituals and festivals .
The temples built by or under the patronage of the southern Deccan and Mysore are of the most simple तंतुओं dense and fine - grained soft तंतुओं or तंतुओं which can be fine and fine carvings .
The temple unit normally has a vimana with another mandapa .
The three sides of a common navaranga in a temple unit are not uncommon.
It is the same planning that a section should rotate its nails in such a way that its corners or its ends are similar to a contact with sixteen or more points in a circular circumference .
It is extended from the upa - pitha to the apex of the vimana superstructure .
Incidentally this would involve a large surface area for the होयसल factor होयसल sculpture and carving for which the Hoysala temples are known .
The superstructure is a close - up ham elements essentially of kutas . rising one behind the other marking each storey and a short griva and octagonal sikhara terminating in a stupi .
The middle of the front side of the upper talas is drawn out into the sukanasika over the antarala below .
Of the many other temples built at the time at शिव the विमान built in AD सन् are a set of similar vimana विमान dedicated to Siva standing on a common platform a combination of two विमान विमान .
Each unit consists of a vimana of a star - shaped plan with antarala and navaranga in front facing east.
Each navaranga has three projected entrances in a स्वस्तिक manner with the northern arm of the southern navaranga की from the southern arm of the northern navaranga making a common passage between the two .
The adhishthana of the two units are equipped with elaborate animal - oriented or narrative friezes forming their respective tiers .
The walls of the vimana are covered externally by large sculptural reliefs of remarkable excellence .
On the entrance of the मकर antarala and shrine - cells there are elaborately carved door - frames which carry on top a makara torana शहतीर .
The upa - pitha platform provides an open circumambulatory round both the units .
On some distance from the temple units there are two open pillared Nandi - mandapa both asymmetrical and later additions to the mandapa and a shrine behind .
The Chandra temple at सोमनाथ is a remarkable example in the मंदिरों temples of Hoysala creation .
It was built by a general of the Hoysala king in सोमनाथ .
It is a trikuta temple with three principal vimanas of the same size as facing north और east and south respectively opening into a large and closed common mandapa on the north पश्चिम west and south sides .
This axial series is surrounded by an open court with a group of sixty - four temples on the periphery .
The temple is situated in the posterior half of the cloister close to the prakara while the anterior half forms a continuous corridor with a pillared front .
In the अधिष्ठान of the adhishthana men are richly carved with friezes of men मनुष्यों warriors elephants की horses की and मकरों with a wide range of narrative panels depicting incidents from the Ramayana and the अधिष्ठान at the top .
The wall niches have boldly moulded sculptures of gods and goddesses .
The pillars inside the mandapa are lathe - turned with उत्कीर्ण inscribed .
The main temple of this group was built on a high platform in सन् with a Nandi - mandapa in front .
It is surrounded by a huge wall .
The three sides of the essentially square - plan aircraft have been offset chiefly in five bays the central one on each side further and further offset forward making the विमान of the main vimana .
में high in other parts.
The griva too is abbreviated and less distinct and almost of the same width as the domical sikhara.
The whole superstructure is of brick .
से a closed antarala or ardha - mandapa connects the vimana with a large navaranga in front which is surrounded by a peripheral platform with an outer series of thirty - two pillars .
The most noteworthy feature is the array of नारी ( नारी ) in the form of female figures rising from the capitals of pillars to the beams and नारी .
Twelve of these are almost मुद्राओं मुद्राओं in graceful forms and graceful poses .
The rest are rearing vyalas their hind legs resting on elephant हाथियों .
One such unit is at पिल्लालमारी .
The single vimana units the remarkable example of which is the great temple at Palampet have a variety of variations in the उठाव plan and decorations .
Typically the vimana is connected by an antarala to a frontal mandapa with three porch entrances on other sides .
In consonance with the pattern of मंडप the mandapa has four central pillars much more sophisticated and ornate खराद lathe - turned with basal and top cubical sections on the pillars of the row and the intervening apsidal कमरबंद .
The pillars of the great temple at Palampet and in the triple shrine are of black granite lathe - turned and highly polished बालुकाश्म whereas in other cases they are of sandstone .
Similar shorter peripheral pillars over the वेदी of the mandapas are often carved with remarkable पशुओं of पशुओं or mythical animals .
The three - storeyed vimanas with triple entrance . recesses and the mandapa plan at Palampet in the great temple at Palampet and in some other temples at this point are also found in the ruins of the . and the मंडप of the पालमपेट .
This historical पृष्ठिभूमि will help in the proper evaluation of the zeal and inspiration that the founders of Vijayanagar and their efforts .
This will also help the शिल्पी bodies of Vijayanagar in their early achievements considerably following the stagnation that had come over by attacks and उथल .
The default of the continuity of the evolution of the vimana temple in hard stone was not so sharp in that area as the hard stone continued to make the choice and symptoms of the far - off south as the Vijayanagar state of Harihara .
In one of the inscriptions belonging to the seventh century A. D. a list of such workers was given in the inscription of दिल्ली ( धर्मराज ) a typical architect ( धर्मराज ) to name दिल्ली ( धर्मराज ) a stone of पत्थर ( धर्मराज ) .
Similarly the highly sophisticated design and performance of the Virupaksha temple ( विक्रमादित्य ) built by the queen of the second Vikramaditya ( विक्रमादित्य ) was a direct adaptation of the Kailasanatha temple by some decades ago in the Pallava capital .
( हिस्ट्री ) A History of South India . Third Edition 1966 1966 page 1966 .
Each door - opening has seven steps on the threshold of the adhishthana with a के का of a yard projecting over each other as found in Hoysala examples .
The eastern doorway is the main entrance .
On the right turn of the outer wall is a series of pilasters with full full capitals and niches of के or torana types .
These have a galaxy of more than sixty sculptures or sculpture groups of varied iconography making the wall a veritable museum of iconography .
These are imitation in hard stone by the ancestor पूर्वज in his soft stone material .
Each of the six entrances is guarded by a six - storeyed द्वारपालों two of the six वैष्णव Shaivite and two वैष्णव वैष्णव whilst the rest are of the शाक्त Sakta शाक्त identified by their dress and symptoms .
The prastara on top of the wall has the usual prastara component but the difference is that all the earlier युगों have a flexed kapota or cornice instead of a single flexed kapota .
Moreover the inner and curved शहतीरों and the curved ओलती are the भीतरी which are a copy of the basic wooden structure of the ancient kapota . with के metallic sheets on the तीलियों frame and are projected to work over the prastara .
This exquisite imitation is seen in many Vijayanagar structures as for example in the famous kalyana - mandapa of the कांचीपुरम temple in Kanchipuram .
Another remarkable Vijayanagar innovation - LRB - perhaps designed to demonstrate the skill acquired by his artisans working on hard stone - RRB - is the पाषाण of the stone series which are carved on the corners of the same cornice or kapota .
The inner wall of the rear apse encloses the sanctum the principal लिंग linga with a narrow antarala in front .
On either side of the antarala and on the east with opening doors there is a chamber on either side .
In the south - facing hall Durga is enshrined in the north - facing chamber as was the norm since the Chalukyan period .
In the southern temple Brahma stands with his consort Sarasvati . In the west Lord Vishnu with his consort Lakshmi and in the north with पत्नी or Siva with his consort Uma .
Thus there is a का complex of five का round the main sanctum which surrounds the cella .
The three door - openings in the outer wall of the previous apse are laid before the three entrances each के south west and north respectively .
The antarala front has two dvarapalas one of which curiously enough is Hanuman while the other is sage .
The maha - mandapa in front of the main vimana is of the Chalukyan navaranga pattern . and its four central pillars in contrast to the greyish granite of the rest of the entire structure are polished black shining black though of square section and embellished with panels .
The vimana superstructure of brick has a prominent sukanasika .
In the north there is an Amman shrine vimana of the same order .
Its agra - mandapa of the Vijayanagar period is noted for its sculptured columns and contemporary ceiling paintings .
The most interesting painting is a panel depicting the sage राज a successor of the राज Sankaracharya and राज of the Sringeri Math being carried in a जुलूस procession in a palanquin with royal honours and paraphernalia .
The hollow tall east gopura made of brick is one of the largest Vijayanagar structures gopuras and is not the sukanasika in the south .
They conform more to the अधिक - Chola traditions and form temples of the earlier age .
The after - Vijayanagar temples in 1564 following the disastrous battle of युद्ध the fall of the central power and the fall of Vijayanagar city the capital of the साम्राज्य Empire was shifted to वेल्लोर वेल्लोर वेल्लोर and finally to वेल्लोर .
What may be regarded as the का essence of Vijayanagar architecture and sculpture as developed in the southern half of the Vijayanagar empire ; its typical example is the sanctum of the large Ranganatha temple in Srirangam .
It may be considered to be a forerunner of the exquisitely designed and आलंकारिक carved Subrahmanya temple unit of तंजावुर inside the Thanjavur Brihadisvara temple complex .
On the basis of an inscription found elsewhere the reports of the वैष्णव रानी ( A . R . E . 1937 ) reported by some scholars that the Vaishnava Acharya . was established in his temple at प्रभारी in प्रभारी .
This festival is situated in the west of the utsava - mandapam locally known as the मंडपम - mandapa .
It has a double - storeyed vimana aditala of which is composed of white granite with fine - grained structures surmounted by a brickwork superstructure and agra - mandapa respectively .
The full - grown kumbha panjara motif in the recesses of the wall has been formed in the vimana part of the vimana while the so - called सजावटी भित्तिस्तंभ भित्तिस्तंभ or पंजर panjara भित्तिस्तंभ are on top of similar stages .
It may perhaps be said of some scholars in the background of the theory of होयसल that the earlier Institute of Hoysala interregnum may not have a standing Hoysala example but may have a पुनरूद्धार over the Hoysala interregnum .
In this way the भूमि are divided by simple भूमि short pilasters and recessed walls that divide the entire pyramidal superstructure into square sections .
The top has a griva ग्रीवा . and stupi common in northern प्रासादों like ग्रीवा .
The भीतर and the Mallikarjuna which belong to the southern vimana type and the Sangamesvara which is of the northern prasada type is the अहाते of the Chalukya - Kadamba style .
Similar temples are found at नागार्जुनकोंडा near Nagarjunakonda ( Guntur district ) .
This type became more common in the northern territories of the Vijayanagar empire .
Like the Draupadi ratha the Kerala temples in their simplest form have only four parts instead of six of the simple vimana namely the adhishthana the भित्ति or adhishthana the भित्ति the sikhara and stupi .
The prastara and griva below the ultimate roof are extinct .
The usual plan of the srikoyil or vimana is square or circular and और .
The rectangle is more common for the mandapas and gopuras which are called पदिप्पुरा .
The roof is further relieved of the wall . forming a well - integrated ओलती .
The larger vimanas have a double - walled or नाली groove with a sandhara विमानों or circumambulatory passage .
The circumambulatory passage round the shrine has a भीतरी in which the inner wall rises above the second tala making up the छत or के gable roof .
The slopy roof over the inner wall at a low level of ओलती rises beyond the outer wall .
The roof or sikhara is of the shape of a dome and the arms join the stupi at the top carrying a row of stupis on top.
The nirandhara दीवार - wall is devoid of the ekatala structure of a . while the sandhara संधार between which the संधार passage may be of the ekatala structure of a plan with a शुकनासा inevitability as its sandhara nature is also the double - storeyed structure .
This प्रस्तर is due to the projection of its own विमान which is called the kapota tier of the tala prastara in the southern vimana .
In a thick - walled दीवार pattern the hara appears above the line of के - LRB - दीवार - RRB - or के - LRB - . - RRB - because it is a convenient way out of a convenient level of दीवार - RRB - case in its place .
The actual तख्तों ( वॉटरप्रूफ ) covers the planks of the तख्तों or तख्तों ( copper or brass ) .
The kutas salas and panjaras of the नारी are covered by ढलवां - की . while the roof tops below the ceiling on the inner wall surface and ढलती down from the top of the mud walls .
The inner wall rises further up which has a four - sided domical ultimate roof or sikhara का of metal sheet with a stupi on top .
The sikhara roof has four nasikas or के at the centre of its four sides .
The third shrine between Rama and Siva के is dedicated to में or Harihara circular in plan and two - storeyed .
The large chunks of the centre on the east and south sides are sala types with a false door inside a makara arch torana .
The other bays conform to the kuta and panjara patterns - all the शाला specimens - though in the शाला are examples of similar sizes with the shorter and more closely offset pilaster motif .
The open court on the south of the देवियों temple comprises the Saptamatrika group and as symbols of these अंगभूत deities only a row of सप्तमातृका . . which is the characteristic of Kerala temples .
There is a small shrine between Siva and Harihara temples .
The ruined pillared mandapa in the vicinity of the complex has in the style of the temples in Tamil Nadu with its eastern gopura - roofed and stone - superstructure though in the north of the gopura with pent - roofs and पाषाण - धड .
The srikoyil of the famous कृष्ण temple dedicated to Krishna is square and two - storeyed with pent - up roofs as in the two above cases .
The छत of the upper roof are extended beyond the के of richly carved wooden के with four किलिवसल nasikas projected on the छत .
The छत temple is also almost समाकन quadrangular on plan and double से with the roof in two storeys .
The lower pent roof slopes down on the top of the shorter outer wall and on the top of the inner walls there is the ceiling ( छत ) .
In front there is a मंडप - mandapa with a slopy roof and projected gable entrance .
The ताली temple near के is such a double - walled oblong double - walled oblong and double - storeyed shrine with a roof made up of modern tiles .
The Subrahmanya temple at सुब्रह्मण्य is another example of a सुब्रह्मण्य structure of a palm - leaf with a square का - mandapa and a transversely oblong mukha - mandapa with a roof of , metal sheet and with a tiled खपरैल surrounding all around it .
The decayed temple at त्रिप्परनगोडे and the कोझिकोडे temple at कोझिकोडे are other examples of this class .
In north Malabar the comparatively modern infinite temple at मलाबार has its roof at three levels namely the छत and खपरैल while the upper pent roof or खपरैल roof and the last apsidal roof are sheet .
The प्राचीन or Durga temple at दुर्गा is now a complete modern renovation though in the indigenous style .
The stone - temple of the पाषाण built in the central विमानों of the Pallava cave - temples of concentrated Tamil Nadu in the southern Travancore and Kanyakumari as the पाषाण superstructure of the later Chola or पाषाण shrine of नष्ट .
i . e . Bahadur Shah ) i . e . the ruler of Delhi ii the son of Emperor Akbar ii Abu बहादुरशाह Babur established in 1526 by Mughal Empire .
After ascending the throne in 1837 he got the title of Abu बहादुरशाह Bahadur Shah गाजी .
Abu Zafar ' s childhood is not known .
Where he was born the secret is yet to be revealed .
He was educated in Urdu and Arabic and Persian and gave military education to ride घुडसवारी सैनिक and बंदूक .
He was a good देश and a fine थे in the country .
He was a disciple of Sufi philosophy an accomplished and poet in the Persian work of फारसी . and असद Ibrahim खां Khan of his age .
Those who wrote गजलें during exile in exile have a special place in literature for their music and melody .
He was not fond of wine or tobacco.
He married several times and had a full harem of दासियों दासियों and दासियों .
His favourite wife was Zeenat Mahal whom he had married at the age and who was with him in the last days of exile.
As a ruler Bahadur Shah looked upon the British of India as his subjects because in 1765 his grandfather Shah Alam had signed the Diwani of Bengal under its terms the British took recourse to it .
It is different that the East India Company and the British Government considered them to be a पेंशनभोगी and nominal ruler - who was entitled to a sum of Rs one lakh each month and whose jurisdiction was confined to the walls of the Red Fort .
Bahadur Shah was 82 years old at the time of the Revolt of 1857 .
At the end of September he left for Delhi after the defeat of the rebels and hid himself in Humayun ' s tomb and then surrendered on his promise to die by the British .
They were tried by the British in charge of sedition सैनिक conspiracy विद्रोह revolt and murder .
The evidence produced in the case was mostly irrelevant and कानूनन but Bahadur Shah was found guilty of all charges and was expelled .
His trial and transportation were obviously a mockery of justice and a spirit of retaliation .
In 1946 Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru had written a book on the trial of the I. N. A. trial : " eighty years ago another trial took place in the Red Fort of Delhi and held a final trial .
This trial ended in a chapter in Indian history . "
Pandit Nehru referred to the last ruler of the Timur dynasty Bahadur Shah Zafar .
बहादुरशाह Bahadur Shah and his trial have been so extensively interpreted by historians and politicians that it is difficult to make a clear picture of the important legal issues concerning the trial .
There is no doubt that after 1857 ' s " freedom struggle ( the British preferred to call it a revolt or rebellion ) the British became अंग्रेज in the Indian subcontinent and could treat Indians in every possible way .
They could have at any time become kings among the richest in any part of the country and pick them up .
He was given an insulting seat near the Speaker .
His loyal servant was stationed at बख्त Bakht and behind him .
He was sitting on the ground with a जमीन .
He seemed to be very apprehensive at first and his face was पर but gradually his face turned cold and he began to wear the clothes of apathy as he did .
Many of them because they had been subject to the British Government in India ; instead of discharging their duties in Delhi on 11 May 1857 and near it declared themselves to be rulers of India .
He said that the court could hold the prisoner but he could not be convicted of death because Lt. General Sir विलसन Wilson had promised to throw his life out of custody before he was arrested .
The British Government wanted to crush the freedom of expression and any organised attempt to overthrow it was willing to दमन it .
He made arbitrary use of the Indian Penal Code ( the Indian Penal Code ) the Indian Penal Code ( the Indian Penal Code ) the Criminal Procedure Code ) and the Criminal Procedure Code ( राजद्रोह ) .
Lord Curzon partition of Bengal in 1905 led to violent protests in Bengal and all over the country .
हिंसक and non - violent methods were adopted to demonstrate their opposition .
In Bihar the Muzaffarpur bomb explosion in Bihar began a period of ruthless repression after the death of two British women .
The British rulers arrested innocent people and imprisoned and tortured them .
There were four such संपादकीय : " What does the country ' s misfortune " double - digit विस्फोट " The danger " and " these measures are not enough .
It is an interesting coincidence that it was the same Davar who had taken bail for Tilak as a barrister a decade earlier in 1897 .
In the meantime his promotion had gone to the Bench and instead of an advocate fighting for a cause he had become a judge of the British court .
As Bacon said " When a lawyer sits in the chair of a judge he becomes another man . "
Mr Justice Davar of 1908 was quite different from that of the man who had pleaded for Tilak in 1897 .
There was a general atmosphere of fear and panic .
Tilak could not appoint a senior lawyer for his defence nor did anybody come forward to defend him .
After Tilak ' s arrest his lieutenant Kelkar found it difficult to get even papers printed in the Bombay papers because they were afraid to offend the British .
In such a situation Tilak had no alternative but to fighting himself .
Of the nine members of the special jury six were Europeans . one Jewish and two परसी .
" So you made an offence punishable under Section 124 - A of the Indian Penal Code and within the cognisance of the High Court .
" So you made an offence punishable under Section 153 A of the Indian Penal Code and within the cognisance of the High Court . "
trial : 17 . "
" So you made an offence punishable under Section 124 - A of the Indian Penal Code and within the cognisance of the High Court .
" So you made an offence punishable under Section 153 A of the Indian Penal Code and within the cognisance of the High Court .
I wanted to lift this case before His हिज but I thought it was a small matter .
Gentlemen of the jury you will take a look aside from that case .
I know that there are certain prejudices against me .
I urge you to keep aside those prejudices.
I decided to defend myself one of the reasons for this was that you would have had the opportunity to know .
What I have done is perhaps bluntly speaking to you .
But I believe that you have nothing against me .
After considering all the circumstances you will give me innocent .
I am fully convinced that I am not asking you for myself but for the purpose which I am proud to lay before you .
This is the supreme object and I am sure that the Almighty , whom we all have to perform one day will give you the courage to stand firm on your principles and help you reach a verdict on the issue of this case .
The Advocate General then held up his case and I believe that no defence plea was given to which he could be seriously considered although the accused took considerable time to explain the case .
He added a picture of anarchy before the jury and said " If it is not in the eyes of law it would be possible to exchange the law as soon as possible for us to reach a person who could aspire like that .
The judge finally took up the matter when he had finished his night eight .
He said " I ask you again that what has come before you - - you have heard in this room and that you have read in the writings of the accused - only on the same ground .
Put your attention on these articles which stand before you and tell you what your verdict is on the charges ?
There are three charges: you are free to acquit or convict on all three or acquit or convict on either of these three counts .
The extremists who were known as the nationalists formed a distinct group .
After the announcement of partition of Bengal by Lord Curzon on 7th July 1905 Krishna Kumar Mitra wrote an article in बंगाल and asked the Bengalis to लेख the foreign objects as far as possible .
It was the origin of the Swadeshi movement which was later known as the ' boycott ' .
विदेशी of foreign goods and clothes were lit in every part of India and shops selling foreign goods everywhere .
The government took strong steps to stop newspapers prosecute newspapers prosecute publishers writers and editors and arrested many young people in Bengal .
Mr Kingsford the Chief Presidency Magistrate of Calcutta true his form gave rigorous punishment to students छात्रों leaders and journalists who in turn chose to liquidate किंग्सफोर्ड
Kingsford was transferred to Muzaffarpur ( now in Bihar as the district judge .
The revolutionaries deputed two young men Khudiram Bose and Prafulla Chaki from Calcutta to मुजफ्फरपुर .
He learnt to keep track of Kingsford ' s activities and was often taken to the प्लांटर्स Club in a carriage drawn by his wife in the evening .
One evening they threw a बम bomb into the carriage of किंग्सफोर्ड and किंग्सफोर्ड but Mrs Kennedy and her daughter were leaving behind the bombs .
Whatever the young poet might have achieved in the field of writing his father was adamant that his son should take up other responsibilities as a son of a जमींदार and a landlord family .
Rabindranath could no longer evade his father ' s command that he should take full charge of looking after his family estates which were in the north - east Bengal and Orissa .
He hesitated to take this onerous responsibility on his shoulder but later he had expressed his gratitude to his father that he had yoked him to it .
This teaching was not necessary for the building of a hidden personality within him - but also for the years he spent in rural Bengal which his kinship with nature would have been more or less founded together .
It was a rich food for his poetry .
But what was even more useful was the intimacy that he had combined with the real life of the common people a continuous struggle and a rigid social orthodoxy with the indifference of nature and a terrible victim of foreign political domination .
All this proved to be a sort of boon to Rabindranath ' s genius and rightly proved to be the basis of his success as a writer of good repute and of his keen observer ' s personal record .
Since these letters were not meant for publication - these were written with great care and without self - awareness .
The अंतरिक्ष of nature that were the most favoured were space ( space ) and motion and the sky and the river and the heart was assured .
After that I left my studies to Baroda where my brother Aurobindo Ghose was a professor at बडौदा College .
There I was steeped in history and political literature .
Having spent a year there I returned to Calcutta with the intention of preaching freedom as a political missionary .
By travelling through one district to another district I established व्यायामशालाओं where young people would gather to learn exercise and take initiation.
By this time I had known all the बंगाल of Bengal .
After reading there for a year I returned to Bengal by admitting that the purely political propaganda was inadequate for the country and making people mentally ready to face the dangers .
I intend to set up a religious institution .
By this time the ' Swadeshi ' and ' boycott ' began .
I decided to take some people along with them to train them and make these teams which have been arrested .
That you collected at places in Bengal including बंगाल . 32 युद्ध Road टोला . बंगाल a year before or around 15 May 1908 and an intention to make a war against the King Emperor in India .
You have seen the existence of an Indian sentence in a number of places in West Bengal including you one year before or around 15 May 1908 - LRB - 32 युद्ध Road - RRB - ( युद्ध Road - LRB - युद्ध - RRB - (
There were eleven substantial legal objections from the defence and the manner and method of searches on the न्यायाधिकार evidence and witnesses .
All these objections were overruled and Mr Norton opened the case for the Crown which took him six days .
On the part of the empire the साम्राज्य witnesses were examined and a large number of massive documents were produced .
On 4 March 1909 the Government counsel ended his evidence and thereafter the judge asked the accused to furnish evidence against them and nearly all the accused refused to respond to the questions asked and only the lawyers would say so .
Mr Norton then began his argument which went up to March 20 .
Then the defence counsel and the अदालत addressed the court .
Shri C . R . Das discussed Aurobindo for eight days .
After all analyzing all the evidence Mr Das said that " I appeal to you that the person who has been accused of committing such offence will be अशांति in the कठघरे of this court and that the community of humanity will rise to the bar .
When this has gone from this world his words will be echoed not only in India but across distant seas and seas .
That is why I have said that men like her are not confined to the Bar of the same court but stand in the कठघरे of history . "
The judgment was delivered on May 6 1909 after another counsel for the parties .
The learned Sessions Judge passed the sentence .
उल्लासकर &gt; Ghosh and Ullaskar Dutt
The accused Hemchandra दास दास Banerjee , दास Banerjee , Sarkar विभूतिभूषण Rishikesh ऋषिकेश ऋषिकेश Chandra Sen . चन्द्र चन्द्र चन्द्र चन्द्र चन्द्र चन्द्र चन्द्र Chandra Bose is sentenced to transportation under Sections 121 121 - A and 122 life .
The accused are sentenced to ten years' transportation under Sections 121 - A and 122 A . D .
The properties of all the accused will be forfeited to the government .
Asoke Chandra Nandy नंदी Hard बालकृष्ण Sushil Kumar Sen are sentenced to transportation for seven years .
Krishna Sanyal is sentenced to one year ' s imprisonment under Section 121 - A .
All the other accused are acquitted and ordered to be released .
Send the record to the High Court for confirmation of the sentence of death . "
While commenting on the trial the Chief Prosecutor नॉरटन Norton said " The leader of the party is a young man with remarkable qualifications .
In his voluntary self - acceptance he has taken the whole blame over himself and made it innocuous .
Although born as a European British citizen he refused to apply for a jury trial before the High Court although he refused to admit that his own claim was ब्रिटिश ' and that ' s why he was लिखाई .
From August 9 the Chief Justice Sir L. H . नाइट ( नाइट ) and Justice कार्नडफ began hearing the appeal .
C . R . Das has taken the responsibility of the case again for eight days consistently pleaded his clients with great skill and skill .
The ground on which Das examined the case may be briefly discussed .
Barindra Kumar and Ullaskar had been charged under Sections 121 121 - A 122 and 123 of the Indian Penal Code .
He said that under Section 196 of the Criminal Procedure Code " it was absolutely necessary to obtain the sanction of the government .
Complaints under these Sections can be made only on the basis of this admission . "
Das raised a question of government ' s sanction for the case under Sections 121 - A 122 and 123 of the Indian Penal Code .
Therefore there is no sanction for trial under this section and no legitimate prosecution can be filed in these cases .
He said " Death is the highest sentence under Section 121 of the Indian Penal Code but since there was no formal sanction under this section Barindra and Ullaskar must be acquitted of the charge under this section .
The judges accepted Das' s argument and removed the charge of Section 121 .
He had been the President of St Paul and had secured a scholarship from King College Cambridge .
Both won honours at the University and at the end of the Indian Civil Service.
Aurobindo the prisoner beat the judge अरविंद in Greek .
After his acquittal on 6th May 1909 Aurobindo shifted from politics to Pondicherry to live in Pondicherry a country of ऋआंसशासित .
There he set up an Ashram to discover spiritual salvation for himself and others .
Vinayak passed the Marathi fourth standard at the age of ten .
In 1895 he joined Shivaji High School at Nasik and passed his Matriculation examination in 1901 .
At the age of 18 he got the first among the Peshwas .
He was sentenced to two life - long निर्वासन which meant transportation of निर्वासन years .
His property was also forfeited .
During ten years of his imprisonment in the Andamans from 1911 to 1921 Vinayak composed poems which spread education among the prisoners and dispelled superstitions from the minds of the Hindu convicts and वापिस them back to Hinduism .
In the Andamans he wrote a poem called कमला कमला in a particular blank verse which later named Vinayak विनायक .
In the first night of jail he wrote his poem 'The Great Bear and expressed his desire for the motherland.
After his release from jail he wrote the story of his life in the Andamans : निर्वासन निर्वासन ( my निर्वासन ) .
He was elected president of the Hindu Mahasabha in Ahmedabad .
After 1943 Savarkar lived a retired life and died in 1966 at घर in Bombay .
The trial of Savarkar ' s trial in The Hague the arbitrator ' s decision before the court the trial in France vs. Great Britain and then in India was an epoch - making event of contemporary legal and political history .
During his stay in London for five years he did not take any action publicly against British laws but his participation in political activities irked the British Government which was searching for grounds for action .
To suppress his voice and stop his activities the British adopted a dubious method .
The Government of India declared Savarkar as a criminal and fugitive person for his political activities and asked the British Government to send him back to India so that he could be tried .
Savarkar who had gone to England as a student on a regular passport was charged under the इंग्लैंड . Act 1881 .
In an unprecedented act the British Government had issued a warrant to arrest him from Bow Street court London on 22nd February 1910 on 22nd February 1910 .
( i ) to war against His Majesty in India or to force war .
( 2 ) A conspiracy to deprive His Majesty the King of the sovereignty of British India or a part thereof
( 3 ) Collection and distribution of arms and force the murder of Jackson .
He was arrested in England in 1910 for the so - called speeches delivered in India in 1906 .
He was presented to the Bow Street police court on 14th March 1910 .
On 20 April the magistrate refused to release him on bail and Savarkar was transferred from Bow Street police custody to इंग्लैंड Jail in England for further orders to send him to India for trial .
Mr सावरकर counsel for Savarkar filed the writ petition and appealed against the decision of the Bow Street court .
The habeas corpus application and appeal were heard by the court on 2nd and 3rd June 1910 .
The judge upheld the decision of the Bow Street court and rejected the petition and the petition .
Again an appeal was filed in the High Court but Mr विलियम्स Williams the Chief Justice of the British High Court confirmed the decision of the ब्रिटिश Court and approved Savarkar to be tried by a special ordinance .
Justice Coleridge who was in minority expressed dissent but the decision to send him to India in a majority opinion was confirmed .
Savarkar was kept in British jail till July 1910 and preparations were made to send him to India to sue him .
On 26 September when the court resumed hearing the tribunal held that the trial should be postponed and Savarkar ' s petition against arrest at Marseilles was sent to the French and British governments .
This objection was rejected .
On 27 and 28 September the Advocate General continued his speech .
After two prosecution witnesses had been examined the court asked Savarkar to cross - examine them if he wanted .
He further stated that he had completely abandoned himself on the French that had the privilege of liberty fraternity equality and fraternity which he would not take any part in the trial .
Savarkar ' s counsel Mr Baptista also raised the point that Savarkar ' s duty on French soil was illegal .
The court overruled all objections on 1st October 1910 .
The provisions of the प्रत्यर्पण Act were also considered .
When asked to comment by the court Savarkar refused to say anything .
This sentence was remarkable for the use of " justice " to serve its political objectives in India and was also an example of injustice in Indian legal history .
After the verdict of the trial Savarkar was brought from Bombay to the बंबई Jail ( where he was kept during trial ) to जेल Jail and from there to जेल Jail where on 4th July 1911 he was transferred to the Andamans .
There he was kept in solitary confinement but neither did he lose his self - control nor was his spirit reduced .
After some time there was a shout for Savarkar ' s release in the country and it was difficult for the government to suppress the demand .
After the First World War in 1921 he was brought to India and kept in जेल Jail .
In 1923 the Indian National Congress at its Kakinada session passed a resolution demanding the सावरकर of Savarkar .
A ray of hope appeared .
On 6 July 1924 Savarkar accepted these signed a रिहाई and was released on 6th July 1924 with a conditional title .
On the following morning between 6 and 7 Savarkar swam ashore and then .
The three persons who came to the shore of the ship assisted the Brigadier in carrying the जहाज back .
On 9th July S . S . सावरकर left Marseilles with Savarkar .
It appears that the Brigadier saw भगोडे jumping into the sea and swim to the shore .
At the same time some persons from the ship went behind the beach shouting and चिल्लाते .
A number of people on the coast began to shout तट ( तट ) .
After running for 500 metres the Brigadier sent भगोडे to जा .
The Brigadier says that he did not know the जहाज and he thought that he belonged to the staff of the ship and ran away by crime .
On seeing the assistance given by two Indian policemen it appears that these people came after their arrest and their intervention was additional to the action of the Brigadier .
On his initiative Mahatma Gandhi suddenly reached Meerut on 27 October 1929 and met the communists in their बैरकों .
He spent two hours with the prisoners and asked them :
" I wish to come here for the present purpose in my humble and practical manner to demonstrate that the trial is in any sense bad that you may be able to secure the right kind of protection to your people by launching their case .
On March 21 Jawaharlal Nehru issued a statement describing these arrests as primarily against the labour movement and the youth League .
He claimed that the Government wanted to spread terror through these arrests and गिरफ्तारियों .
They tried to collect international sympathy and support and funds for the accused .
The accused were put in Meerut Jail by the local police and offered to be kept in custody every two weeks .
The preliminary enquiry was necessary before the conspiracy trial by the Special Judge before the trial under the established justice of British India and therefore heavy documents seized in indiscriminate searches and arrests all over India took very long time .
Preliminary Enquiry The preliminary enquiry began on 12th June 1927 almost eleven weeks after the arrests.
And it is interesting to note that during this period a series of short - stories were written on the pages of his literary paper : this was one of his novels deep enough for the sheer entertainment.
The story is based on a dilemma of mistaken identity which results in a mutual exchange of two wives which is said to be very conveniently and deals with the extraordinary beauty of nature .
After four months of the death of his daughter Renuka the कवि poet suffered another serious sorrow .
A young and promising poet Satish Roy had suddenly died of small - pox.
For a few days the whole school had to be shifted to Shelidah for fear .
Soon after this रवीन्द्रनाथ Rabindranath ' s father Maharshi passed away on 19 January 1905 at the age of 88 .
The personality of this remarkable and towering personality impressed by this crucial era of Indian history the cultural revival of Hindu history was at the heart of the intellectual and moral stalwarts who paved the way for the political conquest of India .
Yet in spite of the great dreams of Gandhi and Rabindranath Tagore the political ideal of the Indian scene remains all for political ends .
Lord Curzon the then Viceroy of India Lord Curzon for a decision in the last years of his rule which showed not only violence but a reaction to the challenge but a breakdown in the two main religious groups of India .
His newspapers were constantly preaching the " साम्यवाद of communism and they formed the Youth League and exploited the minds of the youth of the country .
The accused had engineered taken part in a series of demonstrations and speeches made by them to educate the सर्वहारा into the mysteries of class strife and dictatorship . "
The defence counsel consisted of a number of prominent Indian lawyers viz . F. Nariman के L . P . Sinha . . M . C . D . C . D . D . चक्रवर्ती . चक्रवर्ती .
The senior defence counsel D . P . Sinha pointed out that it was the first systematic prosecution of the government that was being run by some people with certain ideas ideals and definite trust though not illegal .
Another defence attorney led by C . Chakravarty argued that on the charges enumerated by the public prosecutor it seemed as if the Government were being tried with the accused as well as the Soviet Government .
He said " So in such a conspiracy case the only law applies is the law of the नेशन्स of Nations' and a municipal tribunal like the District Court of Meerut have no such jurisdiction . "
Most of the defendants did not exercise their right to cross - examine the witnesses of the prosecution make statements or give no evidence on their part in the court .
Only three accused made specific statements in their defence .
In compliance with the Indian constitutional procedure the assessors put forth their opinion on 17th August 1932 ; it was mere opinion that it was not legally binding .
Yet it is remarkable that they found most of the so - called communists guilty 'and the so - called non - communist .
After five months of delay on 17th January 1933 the Sessions Judge R . L . . delivered his verdict which was a legal decision but could be appealed to the High Court .
Of the thirty - one accused बंगाली Banerjee , Banerjee , बंगाली Ghosh and B N . N . Mukherjee were acquitted not being members of any leftist group .
Dr R . के president of the Bombay Workers' and पीसेंट्स Party had died during the trial .
The remaining 27 persons were found to be the " offender and were meted out harsh sentences varying from three years to life imprisonment .
Muzaffar Ahmad was sentenced to transportation for life .
The appeal was filed by all the convicts in 24 कैदियों 1933 in Allahabad at the कैदियों Session of Allahabad .
The hearings of this appeal were heard by Chief Justice Dr Sulaiman and Justice Douglas Young who took only eight अगस्त to take a decision on 13th August 1933 when the magistrate and the Sessions court took four years .
The judgment of the High Court had split the 27 accused into four groups :
According to Muzaffar Ah - mad अहमद James was paid a fee of eight पारिश्रमिक a day and his junior J . P . Mitter was paid a fee of five गिन्नियों a day .
In those days a guinea had a fixed value of Rs 17 a sitting in court or a holiday - LRB - the government would pay so high fees regardless of all these things .
It was estimated that the government gave Mr James a sum of Rs प्रतिमाह per month and that was in 1930.
In March 1929 the British Government made another blow to the freedom fighters by holding the trade union leaders without any reason .
Among the arrested leaders there were S . A . Dange थे Muzaffar Ahmad श्रमिक S . v . R . v . श्रमिक and 29 others .
A meeting of the Central Assembly was held on 8th April 1929 to consider the Public Safety Bill ( Public Safety Bill ) and Trade Disputes Bill ( Trade Disputes ) .
Bhagat Singh and B joined the खाकी and sat in the दर्शकों gallery .
After the dissolution of the trade dispute over the bill and prior to the decision of the Bill by the Speaker there was a thundering explosion .
A bomb or explosive had fallen in the Central Hall and there was pitch darkness .
From the women ' s gallery we heard the noise coming down and there was another blast before the people got over .
There was a panic - stricken noise all around .
Members rushed out . dashed to safety and women ran for safety .
Then two pistol shots were fired .
Under these circumstances these youths should not be provided with inadequate punishment .
I sentence Bhagat Singh and Dutt to transportation for life . "
No appeal was intended because it had no use but with a view to propagate its objectives and to awaken the masses Bhagat Singh and B . Dutt filed an appeal .
The appeal was heard by Justice Ford and Justice की .
Asaf Ali argued it for two and a half days .
In the remaining half of the third day the official counsel replied to his arguments .
But in the meanwhile according to Asaf Ali ' s statement Bhagat Singh also preferred arguments on his own .
As was already known the appeal was rejected by the High Court on 13th January 1930 and the decision of the Sessions court was expressed .
When he was in jail Saunders . ( Lahore conspiracy trial ( लाहौर ) began in the court of a special magistrate .
But on the insistence of friends and relations he agreed to seek the cooperation of a legal adviser to watch and advise the tribunal on its proceedings .
He made it clear to the court that the legal adviser would neither cross - examine the witnesses nor address the court .
He agreed to Mr चंद Chand as his legal adviser .
Bhagat Singh showed no defence during the trial .
For them the trial meant more to propagate his revolutionary ideas for the country ' s freedom than to save his life .
On 20 September 1930 when it was clear that Bhagat Singh would be awarded the death sentence दंड his father Kishan Singh was deeply disturbed by parental love and sentiments and tried to save his son from the gallows.
When Bhagat Singh came to know of it he became very angry .
Despite the feelings and desires of a father you had no right to apply so without consulting me .
Jawaharlal Nehru in a public speech on 12th October 1930 said these words in relation to the trial conspiracy and courage and sacrifice of Bhagat Singh .
Whether I agree with him or not I am filled with reverence for the courage and sacrifice of a man like Bhagat Singh .
Bhagat Singh is very rare .
If the Viceroy expects us to refrain from admiring this wonderful courage and high purpose behind it he is mistaken.
M . N . Roy the famous नाथ Nath Roy was born in 1887 .
He began his career as a revolutionary and joined the revolutionary movement in Bengal in 1906 .
He was involved in the Chingripota Railway Station dacoity case in December 1907 and an eye dacoity case .
He took out a copper coin from his miserable bag and placed it on his palm .
When he returned home and opened his bag he found a gold coin instead of his copper coin .
It is a pity now that I have not given up everything .
In another poem पति is a picture of a woman waiting for her husband in the dark night .
This symbolism Tagore elaborated later in his play The King which was published in English as The King of the Dark Chamber.
The year 1907 was a full of years of achievement and कलक in public life and his person was drowned in his depression .
Besides his novels published on a variety of subjects in his major and serial manner four volumes of literary essays were published in four categories - mainly literature साहित्यिक and literary values साहित्यिक and modern literature .
The analysis and the treatment were very delicate and the style was so charming that all the writing became the best of literature .
Tagore was the first Indian writer who undertook to evaluate and evaluate his position at such a wide spectrum from the classical to the contemporary से aristocracy .
In the meanwhile an intelligence report reviewing communist activities in India had accepted that " Roy was able to do so despite the fact that the police were in spite of heavy odds . "
Within seven months of his stay Roy had served many pro - active members of his country and even many Congress workers .
It was felt that they could be बंदी out of the political arena a dangerous enemy of capitalism landlordism and imperialism and a severe blow to Indian communism . "
Perhaps the Indian police must have worked so hard to capture a person as in the case of Roy .
Within a few days of his arrival in India the British authorities had suspected his presence .
Despite the determined efforts of the police Roy managed to elude them for several months and made creditable progress towards achieving his objectives .
M. N. Roy was committed by the magistrate to Sessions on October 15 1931 .
After many अदालत his trial in the Sessions Court began on 3rd November 1931 .
This trial does not go to the open court as usual .
He was run inside a closed jail
It seems that the Government did not want to make any popular agitation .
Roy refused to appear before a court sitting inside the prison walls but he was forcibly taken .
They demanded trial by the jury .
The application was rejected and he was tried with the help of assessors .
At the end of the trial two of the four assessors found him 'not करने but this did not prevent the Sessions Judge from अभिशंसित him and imposing a savage sentence .
The moral philosophy of the ruling power is that the power against it becomes criminal but when it is held under the protection of authority it becomes a moral instrument .
In other words it was the army of अंग्रेजों - LRB - सेना - RRB - to which the British in a foreign country.
But in the hands of the exploited Indian people for their own freedom this weapon becomes an instrument of crime .
The बम bomb on the tribes of कबीलों is the carrier of ethics who are teaching moral lessons of those deprived people but there is no resistance crime on them .
Rather than at the bar of civilised society in India it accuse the British Government of India that it has अत्याचार violence on the fifth of the human population ; our land - rent campaign has blocked our development all . "
Taking into consideration the history of constitutional developments in England he said :
The history of England teaches us that resistance and rebellion against established authority are the motive force of political progress . "
He added : " Indians could give their country a better political order rather than a British Constitution .
The first of these were Hindu - Muslim खान second Muslim Shah Nawaz Khan and the third Sikh सिख .
The purpose of the trial was not to prove that they did not violate the oath of allegiance but to show that they committed murders and crime .
This step evoked the sympathies of the whole nation .
The Indian National Congress took an active part in planning the defence of these accused .
A high level committee of lawyers was formed which included Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru . Sir Tej Bahadur Sapru Mr Asaf Ali and others .
In the Red Fort of Delhi two important trials were held .
Because of the legal issues of national and international importance both these cases had changed the course of political history .
In 1858 Bahadur Shah a historic trial was held in the Red Fort of Delhi .
It finally hit Mughal rule in India and established British supremacy .
The trial dealt with important questions of international law - LRB - i - RRB - Can a king be sued and that such trial is justified ?
Few poets have loved space as Tagore did space above and space below - a space that is beyond the reach of the senses.
Again and again he talked of the hunger of space and once he wrote : रवीन्द्रनाथ showed a desire for greater light on his death - bed .
In one of his letters he wrote how he would emerge as a evening when he was reading an English book of beauty with its obscure definitions and sophisticated जूझ which seemed to him जूझ and जूझ .
He threw the book on the table and as it was already dark blew out the lamp with a desire to sleep .
As soon as he did so he burst forth into the room through the moonlight .
Tagore often visited Calcutta to meet his wife and children .
The family had started a new literary magazine बीच instead of the old Bharati magazine .
Then there was the impression of की on almost all the writings that had been written by him on his pen - work and the landscape of anonymous ideas and the written literature in his own language .
Similarly in 1945 another extraordinary trial was held in the Red Fort of India .
All the other questions had become minor and even the personalities of the three men who had been accused of death had faded over the broad face of India .
In fact it was not a question of law or judicial eloquence and थी though there was considerable merits and वाकपटुता it was the trial of the शक्र्तिसंघर्ष between the Indian people ' s determination and the intentions of the Indian rulers .
On 1 / 14 Punjab . Captain Shah Nawaz Khan . and Captain बर्मा of the 2 and 10 युद्धबंदियों रेजिमेंट of बर्मा बर्मा were the three officers who were appointed by the Provisional Government of Free India under the leadership of सुभाषचन्द्र .
The three officers were charged with waging war against His Majesty King Emperor in India on Lt. हत्या on 6 March 1945 or around Hari Singh . Chand धरम Singh and Dharam Singh for murder .
The trial began on 5 November 1945 and went on till 31st December 1945 .
On 15 February 1942 after the Japanese conquest of Singapore Colonel कर्नल handed over to the British Government about जापान Indian prisoners - of - war representing Japan .
This stressed the strength of the Indians abroad .
He founded the Independence League of India which met in Bangkok in June 1942 with a proposal to form the Indian National Army and also to invite Subhas Chandra Bose to that area of the country .
After meeting Premier Tojo in Japan Subhas Chandra Bose reached Singapore on 2nd July 1943 and assumed leadership of the Indian Independence League on 21st October 1943 .
Provisional Government of Free India was formed in Singapore .
It was recognised by Japan जापान Germany Thailand and Thailand .
Japan agreed to hand over the Andaman and Nicobar Islands to the Provisional Government and thus the Indian National Army was spreading all over the world .
Thirty witnesses were produced on behalf of the prosecution in support of the charges .
If a charge of sedition was imposed in England it would be a charge of acting against the king and the country but if the charge were imposed on a subject country it would be altogether different .
In the circumstances of this trial in relation to the question of enforcement of the rules of International Law the International Law of the Constitution laid down that the International Law was not binding on the Tribunal and that such a Tribunal could only defend the law .
Thus the activities described as ' नेशंस ' were to take place outside the pale of municipal law and bring within the ambit of the law of law .
The punishment and order passed by the military court and its commander ( the confirming officer in this case issued in a memorandum published in the Gazette of India Extraordinary on 3rd January 1946 .
The communique was stated to be :
The court has concluded that the three accused have been found guilty of the charge of war युद्ध whereas Captain Shah Nawaz Khan is guilty of abetment .
The play which had just come after this work was प्रायश्चित which was quite different from what had happened in its theme and mood . It was a drama in prose written in prose .
It is a drama not of feeling but of action full of strife and intrigue and clash of interests but of thoughts and moral values which are very strong in all Tagore ' s dramas .
It was not an escape but it was a kind of self - sacrifice a passion that has depicted in the final scene of the drama in a most touching and effective manner .
The poet was at this time a mature stage of his drama career and it was inevitable that he should play with the intense experience of his life and his adventures with the Divine.
What is the relation of the soul to the Supreme ?
We must reach the truth with our terms or on its terms .
These were questions that the poet wrote the most remarkable drama in his most symbolic and one point of view the अंग्रेजी in English ( The King of the Dark Chamber.
They were very different from each other and very different from the previous ones the central character of these plays was a young child .
Tagore ' s post - office translated in English as The Post Office was perhaps the most popular among his other plays and was probably played with great success in 1913 by the London Irish आयरिश .
These claims are not confined to the people of any caste creed religion or colour ; they are all applicable because I consider humanity as a whole unit which is not broken by such barriers and human rights always wins .
In July 1946 the trial of Kashmir ' s lion was as important as trials for other freedom fighters ; only the difference was that Sheikh Abdullah was fighting against the arbitrary rule of a Maharaja which the British were waging .
In the words of Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru the popular movement based on real and strength is often lifted up by individuals who मूर्त the movement and symbolise it .
Therefore Sheikh Muhammad Abdullah became a living and extraordinary symbol of the desire for the freedom of Kashmir .
That is why the trial of Sheikh Abdullah was not just a case to be tried on one person ; it was a trial for all .
Or perhaps it would be more correct to say that in the final analysis this was the case before the court of public opinion : who tried to stop the flow of a great popular agitation . "
In 1942 the Indian National Congress gave a call for complete independence .
Of course you have read a lot about the Kashmir problem in the Press but it is not even a part of it as the parties concerned know it .
The problem has started because of a local revolutionary Abdullah who is anti - state and communist who suddenly realised that he could not dismiss the Government from within his intention by चोट it with his friend .
अब्दुल्ला had to take action resulting in the arrest of Abdullah and some of his colleagues .
At the time of his arrest Abdullah was going to meet his Guru Jawahar Lal and so Jawahar Lal ' s personal vanity was greatly injured by the fact that his lieutenant was arrested when he came to his shelter .
Jawaharlal Nehru . as he is बाहर has come to the deep end.
Sheikh Abdullah was arrested under Section 124 - A of the Ranjit राजद्रोह Code ( R. P. C ) applicable in Kashmir under Section 124 - A of the Indian Penal Code - A .
Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru went to Kashmir to seek the moral and judicial support possible for his defence .
The Government of Kashmir produced Sheikh Abdullah before the trial of Sessions in the court of Srinagar .
On this occasion the present y . B . Yeats said about the performance : " At the stage this small play shows that it has been formed with great sense of tolerance and peace .
The German version of the play का which the poet himself had seen in Berlin in 1921 was suggestive of a fairy tale .
Writing about it to C . F. था he said " I remember when I was writing it ; my inner experience had inspired me to write it .
, is a character whose soul has heard the call of a free path . "
And those who are desirous of going away may be quoted a line of poetry from Tagore ' s earlier poems .
Where there is a deeper symbolism here the play is transformed into the author ' s own memory in which the poet wants to be free from his स्मृतियों by a child .
Tagore ' s second play रवीन्द्रनाथ ( अचल ) which is still motionless has not been published in English and is really difficult to translate .
The play is a lively satire on the self - complacent self - discipline and . - हठधर्मिता of Hindu society and has long and cruel mockery of its tradition .
The central character of this play is a little boy named लडका the elder brother of , who is the pillar of orthodoxy दीक्षित him in a कट्टरता tradition that is surrounded by orders .
A helpless child full of अदम्य curiosity and उल्लास - is considered to be झक्की and stupid by his colleagues and a lot of song goes on .
What is this in song ?
They can sing songs and dance together with their lower castes and participate in their favourite games and festivals .
Since then there has been a tremendous change in the time - cycle and Rabindranath Tagore had already talked about six to seven decades before he knew that there was no such visible and self - evident distinction that his generation was unaware .
But Rabindranath would not have been like Jonathan Swift who preferred to fall away from his followers rather than aggravation of bitterness and would not have been a recurring revolutionary who were eager to change the old system with evil .
There is no other work which can analyse the complexity of the social life of India so rich in its exquisite विरोधाभास it is possible to analyse the character of Indian nationalism and its roots on the one hand and on the other side the global humanism .
And this is not even less interesting than a novel .
As characters their end their conflicts and external strife and external strife are depicted with deep insight and sympathy and not just an irony .
It may be mentioned here how this novel could be written .
It is said that the chief character of this novel was Gora . whose name was given the title of this novel : Sister Nivedita was a Irish lady a शिष्या of Vivekananda .
Those who have read his books know what a passionate advocate he was .
He was an orthodox Hindu than the Hindus and Tagore must have been हिंदू when he preached Hinduism .
Once when he was staying there at his Shelidah estate he would often ask Tagore to tell him the story .
And thus we begin to tell the story of Gora which was later recorded .
Gora is an abandoned orphan child whose parents have been killed in the Revolt of 1857 .
A pity a Brahmin woman raises the child to her house and sail the house .
If this ratio is altered आक्सीजन such as the oxygen content may be reduced or irritating gases enter the atmosphere ; then the air is called polluted air and breathing in this polluted air can cause respiratory diseases .
Our air is being poisoned by the products that produce new technologies .
Air pollution is nothing new but the spread and severity of air pollution is the new issue .
Nowadays many industries have been established in urban areas and rural areas .
Most of these industries spew dense smoke from their chimneys .
What are these धुआं and how do they produce ?
Industries require steam to produce a variety of fuels such as coal coke . furnace oil are burned .
These are also produced by burning heat with pollutants depending on the colour and amount of smoke being burnt .
Where does this smoke go?
Most of the industries are धुआं and ash is released from thermal stations .
Gora is a proud and ardent young man endowed with great devotion and handsome जातिप्रथा and a strong believer in Hindu orthodoxy .
In this self - belief that his faith is the truth and that is the divine sanction - he loses his closest and true friend who loved him and loved him .
Suddenly the end of the story comes when it comes to know that Gora has foreign blood and is now low on the touchstone of his faith .
He has no place in the orthodox Hindu society which he himself was a staunch supporter .
This realisation झकझोरता his consciousness and understands the greatness of his nation .
Today I am truly an Indian .
There is no protest in my mind for the Hindus the Muslims and the Christians .
Today every species of India is my species : " All my meals are my meals .
In addition to the global impact of air pollution human health has a bad effect on animals plants and materials .
The effect on human health has no doubt proved that polluted air is very dangerous to human health and can lead to deaths from diseases like वायु .
Air pollution is mostly associated with respiratory diseases ranging from common cold to lung cancer .
Both gaseous and particulate pollutants cause severe damage to respiratory systems leading to emphysema bronchitis and asthma.
आंखों air irritates the eyes and some pollutants like lead ( lead ) accumulate in the body sometimes to dangerous limits .
The rate of mortality is rising due to lung cancer and the principal reason is that of polluted air .
Carbon monoxide is a कार्बन gas and when inhaled reacts with the haemoglobin in blood to reduce its oxygen supply .
The disease gradually grows and in the end causes heart failure or tuberculosis .
Other serious dust diseases include lung disease ( by inhaling coal dust ) शरीर from धूल धूल धूल and धूल ( cotton ) .
The pollutants and their effects on human health are briefly described in Table 1 .
Table - 1 Major Air Pollutants and their Effects on Human Health
Sulphur dioxide Industries , where coal and oil are burnt .
The effect of air pollution on domestic animals is similar to those exercised by humans .
It is reported that in the London fog disaster in 1952 five cattle died and 52 out of 351 became seriously ill .
Similarly in the city of मैक्सिको in Mexico under the influence of hydrogen sulphide the number of cattle . pigs dogs chickens and कनारी had died or became ill .
If the greenhouse gases increase then more heat will be trapped and radiated back to the earth and thereby the earth will become warmer .
The warming of the earth will be very severe .
The melting of the antarctic ice in excess will increase the level of water in the ocean and will submerge a large part of the earth : China मिस्त्र Egypt बंग्लादेश Bangladesh and West Bengal .
In this hot atmosphere the virus can be greatly increased by the organisation of parasites parasites and moths that affect man .
Due to this the blindness would increase in the risk of skin cancer ; the global food supply will go fast and global changes in rainfall and ecological disturbances will take place .
Depending on the temperature the atmosphere has been divided into four horizontal layers ( 80 kilometres above - earth where all weather phenomena are घटनाएं ( between 12 and 50 kilometres ) .
What is this ozone layer ?
The maximum concentration of ozone occurs between 20 and 25 km .
It has been prophesied that the emission of the ozone layer and the result is that the international Institute of ओजोन Canada will be the most vulnerable to their research both at the risk of किरणों .
However there is a great threat on the US and Canada but this does not mean that we should turn our eyes into a crisis of world standards .
The ozone layer also affects India .
Prevention and control of air pollution and prevention of air pollution control and prevention of air pollution is the urgent need for both human and animal life .
Without paying price for air pollution the increasing needs and facilities of modern life are not possible but if appropriate schemes are to be put into proper place the industries can be properly developed and the proper use of these pollutants .
First and foremost rule is to ensure that the action of burning is not incomplete .
Smoke can be reduced by maximising the combustion i. e. by ensuring complete burning so that poisonous carbon monoxide gets converted into harmless carbon dioxide .
By reducing the amount of fuel and adjusting the exact ratio of fuel and air the combustion can be increased .
For example coal may be चूरा and then चूरा .
Coke ' s size can be reduced and then जलाया .
Efforts are necessary at all levels to reduce the warm of the earth .
In particular the use of petroleum products must bring about changes in the lifestyle of the developed countries .
जंगलों strategies have to be implemented vigorously in order to prevent the felling of forests as vegetation absorbs carbon dioxide and no easy solution is available to save the ozone layer .
Even if a ban is imposed on the production of क्लोरोफ्लोरोकार्बन - LRB - क्लोरोफ्लोरोकार्बन - RRB - the effects of the chlorofluorocarbons produced till date continue to harm the atmosphere over the next 100 years .
No such restriction can change the harm already done .
Now there is only one way to ensure that all nations join together with each other to take appropriate measures to protect the lives of all living beings and launch a campaign to protect the ozone layer from further deterioration .
The current information relating to the effects of Major Air Pollution दुर्घटनाएं is mainly derived from the study of acute air pollution
Reports and records of small communities and groups of people show how they have suffered or died of exposure to toxic fumes vapours aerosols dust and dust .
Some of the following episodes will help explain the severity of air pollution .
Only you are the fulfilment of my life . "
It is love .
Fifty years in Rabindranath ' s life which ended in 1911.
Though he was fully aware of the fact that a major phase of his development was to be over and that he had already begun with a new chapter beginning with his life ' s memory .
These memories and events are not even listed .
He himself has put it in these words : " The memories of life are not history of life ; they may be original compositions of an artist . "
Here the artist is sensitive ( उतारता ) and what he paints on the mind ' s canvas does not reproduce itself .
The continuous and continuous struggle on many fronts for twelve years had yielded good results though the strain exercised a deep impact on Tagore ' s body and mind .
Even birds are not spared.
Birds breeding near प्रजनन lakes cause aluminium poisoning among them .
The downpour of acid rain leads to the upper surface of the soil followed by percolation of acid water into the soil and अम्लीय the groundwater .
The nutrients required for growing plants are either बह or not gained by plants .
In contrast other metals such as aluminium lead and mercury which are toxic to plants become more soluble and reduce plant growth .
The net result is damage to plants stunted growth and increased susceptibility to patients .
Let us now see the effect of acid rain on inanimate objects .
Can stones be पत्थरों ?
The sulphuric acid in acid rain reacts with the calcium carbonate to convert it to gypsum ( calcium sulphate ) whose volume is about two times that of marble .
Without any effort prior two foreign tours had proved helpful and स्फूर्तिदायक .
Now once again he was looking at the West in the चौराहे .
They were never anti - West and in their most patriotic and introspective lives they had received inspiration and sustenance from Western civilisation and values with a liberal culture of their country .
That is why at the beginning of 1912 he was preparing for the third थी .
In the meanwhile the intellectuals of Bengal were celebrating the birthday anniversary of their great poet on 28 January 1912 under the aegis of Bangiya Sahitya परिषद
His luggage already on board had to be लादा from Madras where the ship ' s halt was ; he went back to Calcutta .
Disappointed at this unforeseen postponement of his voyage he sought consolation and comfort and retired to Shelidah on the bank of his favourite river Padma for some days .
However most developed countries have banned the use of DDT and such other products .
The interesting phenomenon of 1985 is being remembered .
About 200 people in the USA and Canada had to enter the hospital after eating their favourite summer fruit तरबूज .
Sickness among these patients showed signs of fever sweating and व्यापारिक .
The chemical is composed of methyl . ( गैस ) the रसायन from which about 4000 people died in the Bhopal gas tragedy of 1984 .
Fortunately no one died in US and Canada and millions of तरबूजों were destroyed for the next few days to save people from poisoning .
Change the environment by digging egg sites .
Hereditary controls hereditary control - except those of the male पीडक for fear of the female pests .
Dairy protein , fats ,
धातुओं
Fertilizer Plants फास्फेट्स उर्वरक उर्वरक , ammonia
Gas and coke building ammonia और गैस गैस गैस
Iron
It is a well - known fact that I could not write English and I had no self - respect enough to feel ashamed of it .
If anybody wrote a slip in English asking me to tea I did not know how to reply .
Perhaps you think that by now I have got over that delusion.
Rather than write in English seemed to me an illusion .
On the day I was on board the ship the यात्रा fell अचेत due to my vacation over the head and made my journey स्थगित .
But unless the mind is completely active no man can enjoy relief .
I only wanted to express my feelings and experiences through some other language which seemed to me a wave of joy in my days .
My small work book gradually went to recruitment to the समुद्री of which I had put in my pocket .
During his enforced stay at Shelidah in health Rabindranath wrote a number of songs which could give a rich turn to the sentiments of Gitanjali .
In Gitanjali the poet had dedicated his favourite आराध्य flower to his favourite deity . In Gitanjali he composed a garland of songs .
Suspended matter is present in sewage and most industrial wastes .
Suspended matter do not cause any harm but interfere in the self - purification ability of streams by reducing the photosynthetic activity of water - plants and by जीवों the living organism .
Further में materials present in the suspended matter can arrest and kill fish masses .
The black and opaque materials derived from the washing of coal reflect the water of the rivers and render them unfit for most uses .
Suspended matter which is rich in organic matter during hot weather .
As a result solids filled with gas comes over the surface by making कीचड and floating foul mud .
गैसीय pollutants include ammonia , independent गैसें hydrogen गैसें ozone and फोस्फीन .
Inhalation of considerable quantities of ammonia produces शरीर that can lead to death later .
Many reports show that copper in about 2 parts of water is fatal to पानी back and another species like that .
Since metals are indestructible poisons their disposal into the seas for long periods may be dangerous affecting the production of oxygen and water life of the sea .
The power stations are required to cool down stations and other manufacturing units .
The hot effluents from power stations expand the temperature of streams or canals .
About 80 per cent of the total water required for running industries is used for cooling .
The nuclear power stations provide 50 per cent of the heat generated in the plant .
The alcohol industry also emits hot effluents ranging from high temperatures to 60 .
The main effects of thermal pollution are on aquatic animals particularly fish .
Obviously many square metres of arable lands have been lost .
The salt - water content of the sea in the water of this region is so high that it cannot be converted into tea .
It becomes sour as soon as milk is added to water due to excess salt water .
The main difference between other types of pollution and the pollution of groundwater is that once the ground - water becomes polluted it cannot be cured or treated ; it is a painful damage .
While surface water बहा away the pollutants the latter cannot be flushed away from underground water .
As a result the effect of such pollution remains constant and constant .
Pollutants in the Sea many of us believe that the ocean is too large to contaminate human activities .
While it was true some time ago it is not true .
Many pollution problems that affect rivers and water currents affect the mouths of rivers and coastal areas where the earth meets the seas .
The cumulative effect of pollutants also affects the ocean .
It is important to point out that about 85 per cent of the pollution of the oceans is caused on earth .
The oceans are the final महासागर where the polluted rivers along with their water discharge pollutants.
Since ages the ocean has been able to capture the pollutants and transform them into various elements of its ecosystem .
But millions of tonnes of sewage and industrial effluents dumped in the sea have transformed the nature of self - purification of the oceans and led to endangering of myriads of life .
दौरान . during his campaign - 2 was aghast at the pollution in the middle of the Atlantic ocean .
He saw dark brown lumps of tar - like material in some parts of the sea .
He also found that the ocean water had turned into a dirty greyish green colour instead of being clean blue and that would give us an idea not to the centre of the ocean but to the city drains .
The coastal region and sea surface are severely affected by oil तेल and oil चिकनाई .
It is described in detail in the next chapter .
Plastic containers and other particles produced by humans also polluted the ocean .
Owing to the heavy discharge of effluents from the tanneries into the चमडा river ( which was the main source of drinking water ) it has become a drain and is now known as the चमडा river .
About 20,000 hectares of agriculture has become unfit for cultivation .
The problem is aggravated by the conversion of ground - water to saline water .
The distressing condition of Yamuna river is difficult in words .
Delhi generates about 20 million litres of sewage per day and nearly half of it is discharged through open drains without treatment .
According to a report from the Central Pollution Control Board the water of the Yamuna becomes fit for drinking after treatment but after नाले it takes the form of a drain and becomes heavily polluted .
भारत water is responsible for two - thirds of the diseases in India and at times water - borne diseases take place .
In 1955 - 56 there were पीलिया patients of jaundice in Delhi and in Bombay पश्चिम in 1978 and in West Bengal were about 310 deaths .
According to a report about 18 million litres of untreated sewage and industrial effluents discharged into the Arabian Sea and the police station are now replaced by solid wastes and industrial effluents .
For example the first तरल done by acids is now replaced by sand blasting in which no liquid effluent is generated .
For example a very small amount of water that has been left behind after the final washing in the textile industry can be used in fiber - first and second - hand washing .
अलग of concentrate waste is often differentiated with concentrated wastes whose volume is low for therapeutic treatment or for disposal .
तो wastes can be separated from water to the extent of reducing the pollution to a large extent and may be used either in irrigation or in other water resources .
The effluent from the tanneries can be treated by this method .
Setting up of a Common Effluent Treatment : Small industries cannot afford treatment plants : their wastes can often be seen stagnating on agricultural land or on both sides of roads .
The setting up of a common effluent treatment plant where many industries are located.
Such common effluent treatment plants are being installed in Tamil Nadu in चमडा चमडा चमडा and चमडा where a large number of tanneries are located.
Bio - gas production - which we consider waste can be converted into property soon .
The blue whales ( which are now at the tip of extinction ) in the Gulf were starved for their diet - LRB - small plants - RRB - had ended .
The bulk of the sea - rocks of the मूंगों ( which are abundant on sea - grass and sea - उगते which make food to many marine living beings ) also suffered greatly .
Oil can be flown from the ship to the shore or to throw oil into the ship .
Oil cannot be handled properly by ships or oil terminals .
Usually the drain - ups spread of oil rapidly into a circle ; but if there is excess of leakage it moves from clean water to one another .
Many kilometres long on the sea coast the floating oil slick influences the synthesis of light in the sea .
Since oil is not easily biodegradable and remains steady for long periods of time ( though a substantial part of light oil is उड ) tar balls become balls after some time .
Another natural process results in a small तेल of oil and therefore बैठ with sand .
The balls of such tar cause enormous threats to marine life and marine birds .
As mentioned earlier dumping solid wastes समाप्त the beauty of cities and towns and causes health problems .
The रोग of कूडे become breeding grounds for diseases such as flies mosquitoes चूहों rats and कांकरोचों .
Reports show that a cubic metre of मक्खियां can cause मक्खियां flies .
These flies are carriers of diseases such as diarrhoea प्लेग diarrhoea प्लेग and प्लेग which are responsible for causing diseases such as those of insects and other animals who have recently visited Surat in 1994 .
It is said that solid wastes cause nearly 25 types of diseases .
The accumulation of solid wastes is a continuous problem with no easy solution .
Unlike other types of pollution preventive measures cannot be adopted .
Many solutions are suggested to the disposal problem .
The current method of managing solid wastes is to collect wastes from various parts of the city and transport it to a distance from the city where it is either burnt or dumped at one place .
It is reported that as soon as the bombs fall बम people rushed out screaming and धक्का for water .
Their skin flew down from the body and almost all of them died immediately .
By the end of the year the number of deaths reached मरने .
These cells attack the bone marrow and stop functioning of the bone marrow in the case of individuals who survive long years with diseases like स्तन cervical cancer kidney and plasma cells .
During the nuclear explosion tests radioactive materials do not only affect the test - site but also affect areas far off .
Man has been constantly influenced by natural sources such as radiation from outer space and the radiation of the sun .
Some types of rocks and soil and radioactive gases also release radiation .
There is no doubt that nuclear power stations help in generation of power .
Currently 17 per cent of the world ' s power is generated from nuclear sources .
Radiation therapy should be used only when it is absolutely necessary and still within the necessary limits .
Great care should be taken in the disposal of radioactive wastes .
Three types of wastes are generated in nuclear power plants - lower level medium and high level .
So far the low - level wastes were washed away into the sea by even पतला .
Now it is buried in certain settlement sites .
As a result of treatment processes and ईंधन treatment of fuel the sludge from the middle level of the soil is treated with chemicals and stored in large underground stainless steel tanks .
Higher - level wastes are liquid wastes which emit enough radiation and cannot be released into the environment .
They are first monitored by evaporation and are stored in the double - walled stainless steel tanks with concrete walls .
These wastes are converted into solid blocks such as glass .
Despite the extremely hard monitoring and surveillance of radiation the safety of nuclear reactors is dubious .
Nuclear scientists conclude that the quantum of radiation should continue to use the nuclear reactors in the service of humanity within a safe range of constant monitoring .
It is possible that no one above ten years of age could hear generally . "
We have been talking of a wide range of products generated by substances so far .
A peculiar type of pollution that has come into light during the last two decades is noise pollution .
While the effects of other types of noise can be varied ( exact ) the damage caused by noise cannot be corrected .
Owing to the high speed of rain - water percolation and recharging of ground - water is not possible .
The net result is drying lakes and ponds .
All these disasters lead to great damage and poverty and misery .
In addition to the increase of poverty it makes changes that are not perfect in the weather सूखा droughts floods and misery become inevitable .
In the Nilgiri district of Tamil Nadu there has been a decline of भूक्षरण sq km .
The Eastern Ghats have also been exploited for destruction .
The mountain midges covered by the First वनों are now completely barren .
Red Data Book ( which includes details of birds and animals that are extinct ) indicates that 139 species of birds and 106 species of mammals are already extinct primarily due to destruction of forests .
Waste water after suitable treatment can be used for agriculture and water - borne crops .
Most of the paper - making mills in India utilise the effluents from factories in paddy and sugarcane cultivation .
The process of utilising the industrial wastes and the solid waste is gradually gaining importance .
Since our natural resources are fast drying up let us use alternate energy sources .
For example electricity can be made from wind energy and it costs very low and environmental damage .
Large bio - gas plants can be installed in rural areas instead of burning wood or coal for domestic fuels in order to ensure regular supply of gas to houses and reduce the availability of such households .
As mentioned earlier about 80 per cent of pollution is caused by the affluent nations which constitute only 25 per cent of the world but the rest of the world has to bear the price .
The time has come to alter their lifestyle to make the world free .
He could wield the bow with his bow and arrow but not with his eyes .
When he was chasing a deer in the forest dressed in men he found a man lying in his way .
Chitra ordered her to move away on the charge but the man did not notice her .
होकर with rage she pricked him with her sharp arrow .
For the first time in my life I felt myself a woman and seemed to be a man before me . "
He asked the young man who you are ?
" I am Arjuna of the great Kuru dynasty he says .
The princess was stunned.
He stood before him a great warrior whom every woman of the age wanted to find in her dream .
Once a young teacher and a new शांतिनिकेतन of Santiniketan asked him bluntly You talk so much about God - how many of these things have come to you as direct information ?
After a moment of silence Tagore said विचलित : " I can say with great confidence that I have experienced his presence on many occasions when I have a new mood of feeling with great ecstasy .
Many of these songs bear testimony to the current crisis in his mind and the fluctuating moods that he was passing through which he was now much absorbed and utterly vague .
Why did you fill in the early morning sky with songs not for the sake of love , why this profusion of flowers and फूलों in the air.
The poet knows that he will be more entangled in the fiery ties of work and asks in his उलाहना words : " If you need to do so why do you do not know the future ?
" I was going alone on my lonely track to lose my hand ' s lamp .
Suddenly a sudden sharp storm leading me into the dark . and now it is my sole companion .
I have forgotten my familiar path and have been खा ; I am quite ignorant of how to find it at night ?
While staying here he was happy at first and felt that he was living half of the rations .
But very soon they were चपेट and with a vague and intense agony they died there was a premonition that the world was going to suffer and loved .
But then there were no clouds on the political horizon and when the sudden war broke out in August it spread .
How he could see the arrival is difficult to explain it .
To realise this and to complete it is amply demonstrated by his letters of letters to which were written during that period and the witnesses of those who had been received or met with him during that period .
He wrote to Andrews : God knows that it is a दंश bite which feeds my heart . "
Later when the play was staged in 1921 in the presence of a playwright one of the audience पडऋता in his English अंग्रेजी Tagore said that the young man was living in East .
Soon after writing रवीन्द्रनाथ Tagore ' s first meeting with Gandhi was held in March 1915 .
Having completed his work in South Africa and won the war there Gandhi had returned to his country but had not yet decided to do anything further and where he was going to live .
He had earlier disbanded his Phoenix colony and school in South Africa and sent them to India about twenty .
Andrews who was a link between these two great figures suggested that those children could be kept at Santiniketan until Gandhi came and made arrangements for them .
He was well here and Tagore had begun to love Gandhi ' s children as his own .
He found these children loved and loved but at the same time as he had written to Andrews in his letter as he desired : these children were not perfect .
Although Gandhi stayed for hardly a week in Santiniketan and was not Mahatma Gandhi who was apparently unknown in the years to come there was a permanent influence of Santiniketan .
When he came here Tagore was not present .
Tagore was a disciple of the statue and he saw the sky and never Gandhi .
These two faces of modern India were rugged and yet each other equally luminous representing two dimensions of Indian sadhana or realisation of life .
Few people like अंग्रेज English C . F. Andrews who felt their united effect deeply and understood their inner ties and dialogues .
In his own words what he saw from both of them was that I had never met any one in my lifetime but one who was satisfied with the necessity of friendship mutual understanding and spiritual sympathy .
, with them was an honour with them in some structural work which is very difficult to define in words .
Indeed it is the greatest privilege of my life .
Side by side with the friendship of the poet I am very happy that I have had such a personal friendship with Mahatma Gandhi .
His matchless spiritual genius has given me a very special sense .
He kept in touch with the most प्रशासकों - मित्रता friendship and was able to convey the message of Buddhism to the remote provinces by his southern rulers .
The rock - cut excavations excavated by the rock - cut cave - temples at बिहार in Bihar have been excavated into the sculpture with their effort to reach the पश्चिमी in the western provinces and in the south .
They have been built primarily of brick but stone is used for stability .
Such monuments and stupas are found at many places in the Deccan Andhra and north Mysore areas where the roots of the Mauryan empire were spread over the south and the regions where Buddhism and Buddhism spread .
This perhaps gave rise to the cult of worship and reverence among the people for the stupa forms were essentially objects of worship .
It was easy to propagate in this area because of the abundance of the large stone blocks .
But contemporary literature speaks of Buddhism along with Hinduism and Jainism though it was more prevalent in northern India .
The संप्रदाय are mentioned till the first संप्रदाय perhaps later they became a Jain and had settled down in the southern part of Mysore and the central region .
मत of प्रस्तर and the large stone प्रस्तर and the dead have been worshipped in their memory many times at places like पशुओं मृतकों or मृतकों and offered to them prayers and offered to the dead .
The people believed that the deceased became the only प्रस्तर and had divine origin in them - this is also referred to in literature .
This stage is carved on a slab of lime - limestone probably around the fourth century .
Perhaps it has been on some रे perhaps a temple where it is worshipped .
The excavations of the गुडिमल्लम temple at जिले in the border districts of , Tamil and Andhra पदेश show that in the second century BC both of the linga and the pitha were constructed in temples where they were worshipped .
The इमारतों temple where such platforms के symbols and प्रतिभाकारों were found in the मंदिरों temples was built of इमारतों plan and style .
The only difference was that the building was made up of materials which gave more stability to the temple such as मिट्टी . strong wooden etc . was good at them and even small thatched huts were built .
None of these temples are available today in Tamil Nadu though such excavations and शब्दचित्र are found in Tamil Sangam literature .
Obviously these names indicate the plan and style of those structures
If they come to know they also present the uniformity of Hindu and Jain temples .
From the point of view of architecture these simple temples were similar to those of the then लौकिक secular dwellings - once square elliptical and apsidal बहुकोणीय elliptical and apsidal बहुकोणीय occasionally made of wood and brick .
Such religious and secular structures are found in the early and immediate relief sculptures of the AD सन् and Sanchi for instance in the north and at places of धार्मिक and Amaravati .
They have already been discussed in the form of plans to refer to trees - temples or चैत्यों - chaityas Buddhist stupas and मांडा in Tamil .
The roof of these rectangular structures was found on a point ( छत ) the roof of the apsidal structures or छत structures ( kuta ) often roof of rectangular structures and sometimes they were raised in सोने or सोने .
The apsidal बहुकोणीय are found in many carved panels .
The साहित्यिक of literary statements and sculpture and some of the excavations by some of the excavated cave - temples of , and पश्चिम in western दक्षिणावर्त and the temples of पश्चिम and Andhra show that these roof structures were filled with सज्जा .
Often there are more pillars inside the brick - temples that support the roof - made structures - which were made of wooden beams .
The whole structure was built on a platform or platform .
The apsidal का chaitya ( second century of AD ) is completely brick - built.
The मूर्ति or आराध्य of the मंदिर temple refers to the मूर्ति of the image enshrined in the sanctum with the name Mahadeva का .
The statue of the Lord was of wood eight sides - were established on a stone pedestal that was inscribed on the pedestal that it was inscribed in AD सन् .
A conch - shell from the same place is also found to have a record .
The temple is a large brick - built brick and has no outer spots and is mostly plastered over in the front and two places but this is not the original one .
It was perhaps a period of के and dedicated to Buddha .
The पलस्तर plaster was necessitated by the rough texture of all these structures even though completely refined .
For more decoration a good painting was resorted to by numerous and detailed examples of which we are found in the painted stone of Ajanta .
It soon improved and in the last four centuries of the millennium such temples were built all over the south from the दक्कन to the दक्कन .
Incidentally they are much larger than such excavations in the north .
It is a remarkable fact that these rock - cut or stone - built temples of the period though created by great kings and their patronage were completely ignored by contemporary राजाओं .
It was perhaps because they were innovations that avoided the use of traditional material of architecture and sculpture and were thus inimical to the cult .
Obviously they took time to become acceptable .
The Pallavas and their contemporary Pandyas the तंजावुर and the तंजावुर temples of the तंजावुर region . - LRB - तंजावुर - RRB - and the Kerala area are much more severe than those of the Chalukyas and the Pallavas .
The Pallava cave - temples are to be considered first from a more coherent series and as such .
The cave - temples of the बरामदे style are Mahendra . the बरामदे or more shrine - cells on the verandah of the बरामदे - सन cave - temple and cut into the hind or side walls of the hall .
Thus one or more shrine - cells in the southern or maha - mandapa mandapas are often cut into the lateral walls of the lateral sides in order to cut their mouths one or more shrine - cells into the rear wall of the mandapa or west .
Like all rock - cut architecture their design.
The cave - temple excavated by Mahendra is authenticated by its own inscriptions which are often single - celled verses or strings of its titles .
The number of such temples is ten .
The eight of them are dedicated to the trinity at सियामंगलम विष्णु विष्णु and the so - called Pancha Pandava cave - temple ( now converted to the Muslim shrine ( ) ) the गृह temple at शिव and the cave - temple at शिव - LRB - मंडपम - मंडपम - मंडपम - मंडपम - मंडपम - मंडपम - मंडपम - मंडपम - मंडपम - मंडपम - मंडपम - मंडपम - मंडपम - मंडपम - RRB - मंडपम - मंडपम - मंडपम - मंडपम and the cave - मंडपम - मंडपम - मंडपम - मंडपम - मंडपम - मंडपम
All these are located in the vicinity of the Pallava capital of Kanchi and पत्तन ( पत्तन ) in the vicinity of the Port Nagar town of Mahabalipuram राजधानी the गृह of the Pallavas ( the North Arcot district of modern Madras and the South .
The upper rock - cut cave - temple at Tiruchirapalli is the most remote from the capital situated in the तट . on the bank of the Kaveri up to which boundary महेंद्रवर्मन inherited the kingdom from his father Singh Vishnu .
This cave - temple is the only example excavated near the summit of the hill while the rest are nearer to the base of the hill .
The unfinished rock - cut temples at अरकॉट ( South Arcot district ) and North Arcot district are also of Mahendra style on a stylistic stylistic basis .
The facade is situated at the same distance between the extreme pilasters with four six or eight pillars and three से five to seven shrine - cells .
The pillars are massive . in the वर्गाकार base and top sections square in the intervening and के in the middle of a third of the ऊंचाई height .
They have curved ends with मध्य sometimes with वाले free sides with a marking in the centre .
A large beam is cut over the Toda but there is no सुगढ cornice projection or kapota .
In the earlier cave - temple where the गुफा - गुफा for Siva and Vishnu are deep - cut plain niches cut into the rear wall the गहरे dvarapalas are found on either side of the facade of the mandapa .
The गुफा at वल्लम the Vishnu cave - temple at और and the Vishnu cave - temple at Siyamangalam are examples of cave - temples with a single shrine - cell cut into the hind wall of the mandapa .
The गुफा and the गुफा at का are examples of three shrine - cells as in the गुफा .
On the walls of the ardha - and mukha - mandapa of the मंदिर temple there are two - storeyed दीवारों four additional cells carved in the rear wall having five shrine - cells whilst the three in the बाजू cave - temple there are seven shrine .
The similar unfinished दीवार - mandapa in the cave - temple with four pillars and two pilasters on the facade and in the hind row are the signs of five shrine - cells .
Thus the number and position of shrine - cells on the hind wall conforms to the pillars of the mandapa in front each shrine cavity falls between two rows of pillars or one pillar and pilasters .
This and inter - बौद्ध constructions at the same distance are contrary to the arrangement of the wider central nave and narrow lateral aisles of the earlier Buddhist examples followed in the contemporary and later examples of the Chalukya - Rashtrakuta series.
The facades as well as the Vishnu cave - temple at पूर्वमुखी वसंतेश्वरम वसंतेश्वरम वसंतेश्वरम वसंतेश्वरम and महेंद्रवाडी almost east while those at सियामंगलम , मुखाग्र and Siyamangalam face almost west.
The only example in this series is the mandapa facade and shrine halls .
The मंडप and the गुफा cave - temples at तिरूचिरापल्ली are examples with the mandapa - दक्षिणमुखी and cut into the hind wall the eastern wall in Tiruchirapalli and the western wall respectively in में .
The larger mandapa with a single row of pillars and pilasters on the mandapa facade in the गुफा cave - temple indicates the front and rear portions of the mandapa by contrast to the floor level .
It is also rock - cut and stands on a higher level on the floor of the ardha - mandapa .
In the case of the Tiruchirapalli cave - temple an inner row of pillars and pilasters has been cut very close to the hind wall with a narrow passage between it and the wall .
The opening of the hall on the east wall lies between the inner and outer row of pillars inside the front of the पश्चिम mandapa in the west .
This is not a fully Pallava feature but reminiscent of the cave - temples of the Pandyan country as well as the cave - temple .
Incidentally the तिरूचिरापल्ली . cave - temple of Tiruchirapalli is the most south of the Pallava cave - temples near the limits of the Pandya region .
The Siyamangalam cave - temple has small relief panels of sculpture on top of pilasters .
In all these cases the shrine or the garbha - griha are empty and do not contain any linga - pitha as is common in the Pandya लिंग Muttaraiyar and Chalukyan cave - temples .
The Siyamangalam cave - temple is unique in having small sculpture panels on top of the facade pillars and pilasters .
The two panels on top of the two pilasters depict perhaps the earliest भित्तिस्तंभों or शिव Siva and Uma standing with a bull in the Pallava sculptures .
Mahendra ' s son मामल्ल Mamalla ( पश्चवर्ती ) and his posterior successors गुफा ( गुफा ) second ( गुफा ) गुफा ( गुफा ) and गुफा ( 700 ) were constructed in that century by Mahendra ) .
The गुफा and गुफा cave - temples are dedicated to Vishnu the , mandapam Durga and all the other to Siva .
While none of the Siva cave - temples contain a rock - cut linga the two Vishnu cave - temples have in their sanctum stucco figures of the deities now being modernized .
The मंडपम mandapam of Durga has no sculpture of Durga in the sanctum though the dedication is indicated by the name of both the गर्भगृह and the shrine entrance .
The शिव mandapam of Rajasimha the last of the series contains a bas - relief panels of Siva.
Such two more Somaskanda reliefs are found on the rear wall of the mandapa on either side of the sanctum entrance .
It seems that when the former broke the tradition of wood and brick and brick - and - mortar temples and excavated temples in stone he could not go so far as to change the traditional material of the building of the principal deity in the sanctum .
For more than a few decades it had to stay till the last quarter of the seventh century in the last quarter of the seventh century when with other new experiments the उर्त्कीणन of the principal deity were उभारा on the back wall of the cella .
In Rajasimha ' s cave - temple the लिंग mandapam a black polished फर्श on the floor of the sanctum with a Somaskanda relief on the hind wall .
It was a pointer to the beginning of the establishment of a formless linga in the Pallava region .
The space between them is common but wider.
The kapota over the facade is still an integral and projecting rock - ledge over the beam.
The only example with triple shrine - cells is the Dharmaraja mandapam or Dharmaraja cave - temple , where the two lateral shrine - cells are simple excavations which are perhaps later additions and are found in the case of the main shrine .
In all these cave - temples there are only two भित्तिस्तंभ and two pilasters on the mandapa facade and a division of ardha - and mukha - mandapa there are similar arrangements on the rear inside the mandapa like the गुफा mandapam and Dharmaraja mandapam .
The pillars have pillars on top and बीच in between . and कट्टु while the pilasters are curved one with an exception in the cave - temples of महेंद्रवर्मन except for an exception the भित्तिस्तंभ - गुफा cave - temple with pillars as well .
This cave - temple is an example of this गुफा in which there is a pair of dvarapalas on either side of the mandapa facade .
The inner pair flanking the shrine entrance is similar to the rest of the temples .
However in the मंडपम mandapam there is a relief in the standing pose of Brahma and Vishnu on either side of the shrine entrance on the hind wall .
The सियामंगलम cave - temple at Siyamangalam has small relief panels of two female नारी on top of the pilasters of the inner row .
The last Pallava temples built after AD सन् are of small and less importance .
They conform to the decadent phase of such rock architecture in की .
The cell has a flat bas - relief of standing on its hind wall .
This and almost similar excavation के under the larger Mahendra cave - temple are weak attempts because they are relatively small and shallow in size .
The cave - temple of महेंद्र is the great son of Mahendra and the eldest son of Mahendra .
This was in addition to its unique invention in which the entire carved monolithic temples forms . or vimanas . the so - called rathas and some open structures of considerable size and superb quality all confined to the great Pallava port of Mahabalipuram .
These ornate cave - temples that Mamalla initiated were completed by his successors for two generations in stages by their successors some more structures in the same style and at the same location .
The mandapa facade has a fully represented prastara which shows all the architectural parts over it including the beam as against it in the Mahendra - style cave - temples .
The prastara is finished by a flexed kapota or an eaves - like cornice projection decorated by horseshoe - shaped kudu कुदु .
It contains bas - relief Jain तीर्थंकरों sculptures on the hind wall of the shrine and on the lateral walls of the mandapa .
The cave - temple at some of the lateral wall of the mandapa may be referred to the cave - temple at की the southern cave - temple at मलैयाक्कोविल - LRB - Tiruchirapalli district - RRB - and the cave - temple at तिरूप्परांकुनराम .
In the case of some cave - temples the Siva cave - temple at शिव . in the Siva cave - temple at शिव ) and the cave - temple at जिला and the cave - temple at जिला which is cut from the two sides .
Such a scheme is not specifically planned in the Pallava examples except in the Pancha Pandava mandapam of Mahabalipuram and the unfinished Cave - temple IV at Mahabalipuram .
The cave - temple at केरल in Kerala is a large excavation of a square chamber with a linga at the centre .
In this apart from the two wall excavated into the walls of the दीवारों mandapam a third shrine is cut into the rear wall .
The mandapa - like facade pillars with a cubical base and top and an octagonal belt between them are often found in cave - temples .
For example in the मुखाग्र . the top of the pillars of the facade are carved in the स्तंभों . kumbha etc .
They are Ganesa . the Saptamatrika and elder .
Thus the सप्तमातृका and the Saptamatrika cults would appear to have reached the far south before they reached the गंग of the Pallavas.
Both these Pallava temples do not appear in the Pallava temples till they appear first in the structural temples of Rajasimha Pallava ( 700 ) as in the Kailasanatha of Kanchi for instance .
The दूरस्थ दक्षिण दक्षिण दक्षिण दक्षिण दक्षिण दक्षिण ( South cave - temple ) में दक्षिण दक्षिण ( Siva - RRB - ) . तिरूचिरापल्ली ( lower cave - temple तिरूचिरापल्ली तिरूचिरापल्ली ( गुफा ) दक्षिण गुफा ( गुफा ) गुफा गुफा ( गुफा ) गुफा .
The Saptamatrika group is met with in the cave - temples at , तिरूगोकरणम तिरूगोकरणम के के के and कुन्नतुर .
In many cave - temples dedicated to Siva while the shrine has a rock - cut linga with its pitha in its sanctum the others find in the form of bas - reliefs of Siva on the hind wall of the sanctum .
The floor of the garbha - griha is often a small pit below the projected porch on the top of the linga - pitha in which the जल water rises and collect .
This feature is not found in the Pallava temples whether in cave - temples monolithic or structural हैं but it is found in the गुफा region and in the remote Java ( Indonesia ) temples.
The Chalukya and Rashtrakuta cave - temples of the Deccan from the middle of the sixth century in the middle of the Chalukyas and the eighth century to which they were effectively ध्वस्थ the Eastern Chalukyas of गुफा left in the area between the Tapti and the northern ताप्ती
The Chalukyas of चालुक्य were a collateral branch which had begun to rule the Andhra coast independently of विष्णुवर्धन under Kubja कुब्ज the intrepid brother of Pulakesin II since the commencement of the seventh century .
The cave - temples are found at Badami Aihole बादामी Ellora जोगेश्वरी Elephanta जोगेश्वरी जोगेश्वरी जोगेश्वरी जोगेश्वरी Poona जोगेश्वरी जोगेश्वरी आद्विसोमनपल्ली आद्विसोमनपल्ली आद्विसोमनपल्ली गोवा गोवा गोवा गोवा गोवा गोवा एलोरा एलोरा एलोरा एलोरा एलोरा एलोरा and भैरवकोंडा .
All these dynasties selected local soft stone sets as in शैल in Aihole and many other places in sandstone ( पश्चिमी ) पश्चिमी ( पश्चिमी ) ) on the extreme west coast of India ) near पूना in Poona पश्चिमी and दक्कन .
In spite of its Chalukyan affinities as mentioned earlier the Western Gangas removed from it and excavated into local granite like the पश्चिमी ( Mysore ) .
The Eastern branch of the Chalukyas ruling from गुफा followed in their cave - temples a distinct system and design in which some of the extant rituals were introduced by the Pallavas in Badami and north Tamil Nadu and का .
The Chalukya - Rashtrakuta domination over the western areas resulted in considerable separation from the दक्कन found in the lower Deccan thus exhibiting two regional idioms .
The skills and traditions that had prevailed between the local guilds of craftsmen for more than eight centuries were thus continuing for generations .
They can move from a natural incline in front with steps.
The earliest and largest cave - number is गुफा excavated by गुफा in AD सन् and dedicated to Vishnu .
It is visible from the valley in front and carved at the most commanding height .
There are no Vaishnava friezes on the ceiling in the front mandapa of Siva Cave I while they are present in the earlier Caves II and II which are वैष्णव .
The Jain cave - temples of a much later date are replete with Jain sculptures and है while the other three are noted for some of their bold wall sculptures mostly subsequent additions .
On the basis of the technique and stylistic evidence in the early cave - temple of बादामी Badami it has been demonstrated by ( a ) on the basis of मूर्ति excavations ( perhaps some of the seventh शताब्दी ( Fig . गुफा ) .
Of the two rock - cut cave - temples at Aihole ( Bijapur district ) one of them is dedicated to Siva and another about AD 700.
Both are excavated into the low sandstone टीलों and are last in their home districts in the early Chalukyan or western Chalukyan series .
In front of the temple an inner आंतरिक mandapa is between two rows of four pillars each forming part of the circumambulatory passage round the shrine .
On the southern side of this courtyard a small temple for Durga is excavated .
It has a small cave - temple of Siva with a square shrine with a mandapa in front .
This cave - temple will be built during the middle of the seventh century AD . while Ellora Cave 29 ( ) ) is a very large copy of this much so that it should be considered in the beginning of the last quarter in the century .
The जोगेश्वरी cave - temple at बंबई near Bombay which is excavated into an almost underground low - lying rock . is larger in area than the Elephanta cave but essentially similar .
The rock - cut area near the specified area of the rock - cut was reduced to three sides by a large oblong mass on which the उत्खनन were prepared.
On the east and long end a central मंडप gopura entrance has been constructed on either side of which are carved in one .
The फर्श leads into an open court and to the eastern facade which is an agra - mandapa with a higher floor .
The main part of the forward temple is a square . shrine surrounded by a pillared cloister with six pillars on each side including a हुआ corner .
It is surrounded by a mandapa with a lower floor - level cloister flanked on all sides by the rock walls on all sides except on one side in the east and दक्षिण .
On the western side there is another agra - mandapa similar to the agra - mandapa in the east it carries the agra - mandapa from the outside and beyond a tunnel .
On the southern side the main mandapa is pierced by three entrances with a fine over - door opening and two lateral मंडप on the south side can be extended from one of the pillars of the outer row and one of the ten pillars .
Outside it is a narrow open court .
The rock wall on the front has incomplete excavations which are small in size and the most final one being dedicated to Siva .
The का dedication of the main sanctum was to Siva though the temple now enshrines a modern image of the goddess .
In the worship the गुफा ( or पांचालेश्वर ) cave on the wild Maharaj road has been cut into a low trap rock and in that case three shrines are exclusively inclusive of a common प्रदक्षिणा and a circular shrine for Durga .
The three shrine - cells were perhaps dedicated to the Hindu trinity - the middle to Siva and the surrounding Brahma and Vishnu .
All these signs indicate that it was built during the Rashtrakuta period in the eighth century .
The group of two adjacent cave - temples at गोवा in Goa is a rare example of excavation in the local शैल ( पश्चिमी ) शैल near a river .
One of them the लिंग southern cave - temple is a triple - celled unit with a linga mounted on a rock - cut back .
The linga forms differ from each other and represent three distinct gods .
The central linga is a normal Chalukyan - type linga ; in the southern cella a linga - shaft surmounted by a linga shaft representing the sun and the lower inscription gives a special mention of it as the sun .
On top of the linga in the northern chamber there is a flat pointed लिंग or शक्ति शक्ति the लिंग is a sign of representation of Kumar or के .
The गुफा feature of the गुफा cave art has been more than that of architecture .
The main reason for this was the softness of the stone material and the increasing use of the places the result of this tendency was painting at a large scale such as Ajanta Ellora and Badami .
The various forms in the देवता are often depicted in narrative or abbreviated या .
They vary from very large - sized individual figures like the dvarapalas Mahesamurti etc . to almost small उत्कीर्णनों .
Though the linga - pitha as also the linga - pitha of Siva is known as the लिंग ( लिंग ) the earlier stages of the Pallava cave - temple were not cut independently with the cave at the same time as the later forms of the Pallava series .
But in the north of the Tamil country the presence of the Chalukya - Rashtrakuta cave - temples the लिंग - linga - pitha though not always with the linga at that point a continuity of pre - prevailing trends in that area .
These are associated with the founders of the पाशुपत - LRB - लिंग - RRB - from the पूर्वकाल in the early days and signal the gradual expansion of the southern and linga cult in Tamil Nadu starting from the eighth century .
The iconographic forms seen in the Badami group include the Vaishnava forms such as Varaha वराह Narasimha Anantasayin अनंतशायी Narasimha Anantasayin कृष्णलीला विष्णु विष्णु विष्णु में Vishnu and कृष्णलीला .
The Siva forms are tandava के शिव . and शिव .
Among others are Ganesa Kartikeya अन्यों Durga and Mahishamardini .
At Aihole ( रावलगुडी or निधियां ) Varaha Harihara गंगाधर गंगाधर गंगाधर गंगाधर गंगाधर गंगाधर are the Saptamatrika निधियां and two funds .
The एलोरा at Ellora depicts six sided views of Surya Vishnu के Siva के Kartikeya Ganesa and Durga .
The mandapa facade has a fully - flexed kapota with है as in the cave - temples of the Pallavas.
The pillars are square in section and of the Chalukyan pattern as found in the cave - temples on the banks of the Krishna .
Some have lion - pictures on top of pillars and are also lion - सिंहों with top capitals as in the Mamalla - style cave - temples .
The shrine entrances are plain and without over - doors .
These mixed features and other features विशिष्टताएं as well as the relief sculptures of Brahma and Vishnu in the mandapa provide for the linga in the मंडप temple and the presence of other idols like लिंग and Ganesa the eighth century तराशा .
They are in fact architectural models of the large carved out of the महाबलीपुरम of the standing rocks of Mahabalipuram or the whole of the hard granite . .
The germ of the idea of cutting out the whole temple sizes lies in the carved - out stupas inside the rock - cut chaitya halls of western India .
This idea was further elaborated by the Buddhists in the large hypaethral stupa forms at बौद्धों Visakhapatnam district .
The " विमान " or more storeys ( which could be as far as sixteen ) have been called " विमान in the Silpa texts .
In this respect the Great Brihadisvara vimana at Thanjavur is a case of विमान over 60 metres .
The most characteristic and common feature of the southern vimana is the presence of a small temple like the विमान on each floor the prastara on its periphery and the तल or तल के on the top of the विमान .
They are Nandis or भूत in Siva temples lions in Vishnu or Jain temples ; में में etc .
This became an invariable feature of the southern temples from this period .
So the communal identity and variety of a temple may be said to be known from a distance by the distance shown by its " वाहनों " or " वाहनों on the topmost tala .
According to the four - sided polygonal or नागर southern vimanas are classified in the southern Silpa and Agama texts as Nagara नागर and वेसर .
From base to apex which is hexagonal or octagonal in form of hexagonal or octagonal griva and sikhara are called द्रविड .
These are called विमान because they are smaller than those formed on the sides of the main griva sikhara part of the vimana because they are known as विमान projection which is originally the बाजुओं .
These can be seen that the defeat in most of the cave - temples of the Mamalla - style is only a लडी of rectangular लडी at each end of the corner i. e. at the corners and for the first time found in the Dharmaraja cave .
The karnakutas at each side in sala and corners while the शाला ( mostly found in the same large rock - vimana vimanas the third element of hara is seen in the विमानों or पंजर except in the second round of Dharmaraja ratha .
Though this has not been repeated in the structural aspects of the first तलों second or third talas of the Chalukyas and the Pallavas the विमानों appears as an invariable component of the larger Jati and main vimanas .
The ham may be a narrow circumambulatory passage that surrounds the central हर्म्य of the tala as in the Dharmaraja ratha where all the talas have a cella and functional .
This plan of the दीवारों ham was possible only in the case of such vimanas where the sanctum was sandhara or double - walled and in between the two walls alone could rise to such a height .
Though some of these aircraft are constructed after and after that they are still built there are heavy dwarf structures with a high altitude in all cases of main class aircraft .
The third variant is done by a flexed kapota or cornice in the plate .
के or Kumud a series of lotus leaves can be placed over the petals .
While the simple form of the southern temple of the unitary type has only the main vimana विमान with equal antarala or ardha - mandapa with the addition of the cella and maintaining an expansion with the growth of the Agama and rituals .
The agra - mandapa such as the maha - mandapa the maha - mandapa the maha - mandapa mukha - mandapa the oblong बाह्य and soon on the outer circumference also became utsava - मंडप and assembly halls .
All the mandapas in the southern temples are flat - roofed however long or large they may be .
Occasionally one finds them slopy - roofed because of the local climatic requirements such as the west coast and the extreme tip of the Peninsula .
This is in sharp contrast to what obtains in the northern - Gujarat प्रासादों in Orissa or central India .
There is invariably a tiered superstructures rising or tiered superstructures terminating in a finial over the roofs of the mandapa in the axial or transverse lines of the main prasada the superstructures being of the simple type .
The two bas - relief replicas on either flank of the facade of the Ramanuja mandapa cave - temple are likewise ekatala Nagara forms though their cella is empty .
Their adhishthana stands over a large platform called the विमान and often added to the design ( design ) to raise the height of the vimana .
Similar miniature bas - relief sculptures of a ekatala vimana of six bays from base to apex are painted inside the sikhara arch of Nakul . .
This with a uniform polygonal plan from base to apex belongs to the pure Dravida class of southern vimanas as described in texts .
The representation of the double - storeyed structures like the विमानों and स्तंभ double - storeyed vimanas with base to top विमानों
The गुफा cave - temple at Mahabalipuram is different from the rock - cut cave - temples of the Mahendra - type type of गुफा type cut in the rock of the Mahendra - mandapa of the three adjoining units .
The entrances of the three vimana fronts are guarded by appropriate dvarapalas.
It is within a niche the भीतर placed before a adhishthana like the में in the adjoining त्रिमूर्ति temple .
The five rathas at the southern end of Mahabalipuram comprise a group .
Of these the Draupadi . Arjuna . Bhima and Dharmaraja rathas standing in one row are cut off in a row from the north to the south and divided into three convenient bays the पीठ of a whale back .
The northernmost section of lesser height has been utilized for cutting out the shorter Draupadi ratha and the storeyed Arjuna ratha with a common platform or upa - pitha below their separate rathas .
The fifth ratha are the सहदेव or सहदेव ratha which is of the रथ or का size and the adjoining चट्टान cut into another small rock the काटे of Draupadi and Arjuna standing separately in the west of the Draupadi and Arjuna rathas .
The central portion of the rock is retained between the two rathas but carved out as a large image of the Nandi recumbent Nandi .
They are replicas of ekatala Nagara vimanas square from base to apex .
The more damaged remains of a monolithic vimana are found in के before the upper cave - temple of the के विमान - मदन्ना group .
In the precincts of the apsidal brick - brick temple at जिला ( Guntur district ) there are numerous miniature shrine models monolithic in character and evidently of the type .
They remind us of similar temple patterns found in the precincts of the पडोसी जिले and आलमपुर temple at जिले .
While the contemporary western Chalukyas of Badami were making progress in the construction of structural stone temples the Pallavas did not adopt the way of carving out a cave - temple at एलोरा which was soon replaced by the great temples of the Chalukyas .
The creation of Rashtrakuta Krishna ( राष्ट्रकूट ) by राष्ट्रकूट is in a way unique .
A narrow central mass ( about 60ध्30 m ) a narrow central mass on all sides of a rock laid down on all sides in a chosen area in a खाई hill and a narrow entrance in front of it .
The large mass of rock - forming which was suitable for carving out the sanctum of the main vimana and its axial mandapas rather than on the other side the two massive open pillars on either side .
The forecourt on the front having a प्रागंण . metre is cut wider than on the flanks and monolithic प्रागंण carved on either side of it .
The oblong mass facing east was a suitable material for the carving of a front gopura . with two volumes of prakara walls .
The gopura is double - storeyed with a sala sikhara over which a passage is cut down in its lower part carries over the circumambulatory passage round the compound wall in front and on the base of the main vimana complex .
The upper storey is connected with the floor of the Nandi - mandapa .
Similarly it was conceived as a two - storeyed structure with the lower storey solid and अनुप्रयोज्य and a raised platform though all the architectural features of the aditala .
Further in the main part of the sanctum the ardha - mandapa or ardha - mandapa with a closed maha - mandapa is essentially oblong .
The whole axial series is raised over a highly multi - storeyed plinth with its principal platform पर clearly carved fronts of , elephants , lions and other mythical animals .
Behind this there is a unfinished sala - type edifice monolithic likewise and akin to the Bhima and Ganesa rathas of the Pallavas.
The monolithic Nandi - mandapa in front of Cave 15 at Ellora with a record of Rashtrakuta नंदी is perhaps a slightly earlier carved - out monolithic case in this area .
A small and much later Jain monolithic version of the Kailasa vimana is known as the Chota Kailasa . It was built in Ellora in Rashtrakuta times .
There is another chaumukh standing in the forecourt of Cave 33 .
The प्रस्तर is placed at the centre of the sanctum floor and is visible through doors from all over .
The Chota Kailasa stands farther upwards .
Compared to the Pallava and Rashtrakuta creations in this series the जिले जिले at जिले एकाश्म in the far south are the exquisitely carved जिले at जिले in Tirunelveli district .
Even if this is not quite early it can be dated to about AD 800 .
The dvitala vimana and its ardha - mandapa cut through the खाई on the hill slope are both incomplete but the sophisticated upper parts reveal a high standard of workmanship and art and contain some of the finest examples .
The four Nandis placed on the corners of the base of the griva indicate the time and date of its reconstruction .
The dating is indicated by the sculptures of दक्षिण Vishnu की Brahma and Siva on the faces of the griva sikhara over the south पश्चिम west पश्चिम on the north and east respectively .
में with its Chalukyan rivals in a sharp competition which inspired the passion of exclusive achievements in architecture and exploited them extensively by the Chalukyas such as the पल्लव rock - cut and rock - cut types .
Moreover the ' rock architecture ' seemed to mean the construction of temples at the places where there were hills or rocks .
The main shrine has a Somaskanda panel on its hind wall particularly in a niche placed on a high platform on a Somaskanda लिंग visible from above the linga on the floor of the hind shrine without a seat .
The hara is found over the other storeys except the top floor .
The griva and sikhara ग्रीवा which have been modernized by brick and mortar are as per the original plan .
The corners of the walls of the aditala and the adjacent pilasters are adorned with bold pilasters characteristic of Rajasimha temples .
Otherwise the walls lack sculpture as in the दीवारों temple evidently because of the hard material used for construction .
The inner walls of the antarala are only the dvarapalas the दीवारों of Brahma and Vishnu with which the original trinity is composed but the importance of Brahma and Vishnu is lowered .
The outer shrine in the north has remnants of a Pallava mural painting depicting a dancing Siva and Parvati .
In the main temple there is a large sixteen - faced लिंग polished basalt linga which covers almost the entire floor of the sanctum .
On the hind wall in a special niches the शिव is a simple Somaskanda उकेरा in which Siva and Uma are seated की in the lap of स्कंद and both Brahma and Vishnu stand .
The inner wall of the garbha - griha is plain and square while the outer wall from the adjoining vimanas on the outer wall and the walls of adjoining structures are also closely guarded by reliefs of reliefs .
The दीवारों talas have been built over bars like bridges .
The extra confirmation by double walls and smaller vimanas on the sides and corners is evidently for the proper अधिरचना of this vimana which is the largest vimana in this period and at the same time provides a decent building .
There is a hara of kutas and salas over the third floor and four Nandis placed on the corners of the fourth floor .
The walls of temples adjoining the aditala wall.
In front there is a detached multi - pillared oblong mandapa the oblong mandapa on its north - south axis and its pilasters vyala - based while the area consists of the basal and apical sections and the intervening section .
The whole compound is surrounded by a prakara with a gap on its east side and enclosing an open court .
Inside there are two lateral oblong shrines in the centre north and south .
In front of the whole complex there is a series of eight small dvitala square kuta vimanas with octagonal griva and sikhara all of which are monuments temples से and परिवार and the families of the inner malika devoid of their परिवार components .
While some paintings are certainly Pallava - LRB - बालुकाश्म - RRB - painted on the rough surface of sandstone which were found in the early years to चिकना the rocky surface and to सुरक्षा the safety .
For example at the north - east corner of the मालिका malika the extant plaster found in a sanctum is covered by the present writer ' s inscription on the stone below.
It is only from this point of view that the पलस्तर itself or at the immediate end would have been पलस्तर .
For if a plaster is required no inscriptions will be incised .
In the same way the writer found in another inscription on the southern row a painted plaster beneath the broken parts of a plaster ( . ) a later thief of चोर which was then open .
Prince राजकुमार is known from inscriptions to have repaired the damages wrought by Muslim incursions and restored worship to the temple .
It provides an explanation for fragmentary paintings of the Vijayanagar period .
The महामंडप - LRB - Tiruchirapalli district - RRB - is of the original and has three double - storeyed vimanas of equal proportions square from base to apex to the south with two large maha - mandapa in front and two of them .
Of these two are complete and the third has only its extant basement .
All this was surrounded by sixteen sub - temples and a prakara with a small gopura entrance on the west .
This temple is an important landmark in the tradition of great south Indian temples .
It is built of fine - grained and neatly - dressed granite and is noted for its exquisite नारी नारी नारी नारी Kalari Siva and some feminine forms .
Likewise in the नर Sri नारी ( Tiruchirapalli district ) the नारी temple at जिला ) in जिला ) ईश्वर in God and जिला there are other early temples made of stone known to their fine and ornamental drawings .
Thus hundreds of stone temples were built in Tamil Nadu in the centuries before and after AD 1000 in replacement of brick - and - timber structures in places hallowed by the memory of the स्मृतियों and स्मृतियों saints .
Though small - scale activity is also found in the southern Mysore area where the Western Gangas of मैसूर have left some contemporary temples built of hard stone .
The earliest are the ekatala vimanas of a small size की in the श्रावण ( Hassan district ) in the later Jain temple on the Chandragiri hill .
But the most impressive Jain temple on the same hill is the बस्ती basti ( विमान ) the विमान east - facing vimana with a closed mandapa and open front .
It was a significant change that took place in the Pallava temples almost at the same time in the Shore temple and the Kailasanatha of Kanchi .
The Sangamesvara establishes another landmark and in its scheme there are two lateral shrines on either side of the ardha - mandapa on either side of the sanctum entrance dedicated to Durga and Ganapati .
The विरूपाक्ष विमान is the largest structural temple complex of the early Chalukyas with a lofty four - storeyed vimana with a prakara carved on an axial mandapa and a sala - type double - storeyed entrance all over the east and behind it .
The square vimana has a sandhara aditala the outer wall of which as also the adhishthana below has five bays and four recesses on each side .
They are of varied width corresponding to their corner karnakutas कर्णकूटों पंजरों and the intervening panjaras of the ham over the prastara of that side .
The mandapa is multi - pillared with massive pillared porches on three sides open with three ड्यौढियां projected pillars on the north and south .
The शालाएं of the ham over the mandapa prastara which appeared on the top of the three entrances just as at Ellora Kailasa are built bigger than the rest of the ham elements to show the miniature gopura entrance .
The बीच niches made between the pilasters of the relieved bays contain various sculptures inside the kuta panjara or torana frames .
The prastara of the second tala carries four karnakutas and three salas over three sides .
The prakara wall has over its coping a series of kutas and salas as over the large vimana of the Pallava Shore temple .
The Mallikarjuna built close to Virupaksha is a four - storeyed vimana square in all its talas .
The griva and sikhara above are circular .
It also has a prominent sukanasika projected forward from its upper talas .
The topmost tala has no ham ; the mark of the complete तत्व of this element and the opening of the characteristic symbols or vehicles that are appropriate to the dedication of the main shrine .
The Durga temple at Aihole is essentially a southern vimana of the bowed विमान type with an odd विमान विमान विमान a part of the original design and अपसरण if added later it is unreasonable and असंगत .
The temples and its axial mandapas stand with their adhishthana stands on a sub - ground which is not common in the earlier temples considered earlier but are common in later temples of the Chalukya and Pallava - Pandya .
Thus the platform over the upa - pitha becomes an outer current path the छत with a slopy roof the outer wall of the vimana and the axial mandapas on the other side the recesses between the pillars on the other side .
The upa - pitha terminates into a more narrow front platform with the lateral steps and a frontal जंगला .
These peripheral pillars of the front mandapa section and those at the front or eastern end on either side of the inner edge of the landing have large statutory carved on pillars while the rest are devoid of such ornamental pillars .
They are allied to . which are common in Chalukyan structures .
The adhishthana too and the outer wall over it are also divided into eleven bays at intervals three on each linear lateral wall three at the rear apse end and two on the front doors of the mandapa .
All these eleven bays have devakoshthas which are on the threshold of fronts of temples of all specimens in the southern style प्रासादों and north - style प्रासादों viz. kuta sala शाला or कोष्ठ की की . . and की with the representation of gods .
Such a well - developed feature was attached to the adhishthana level at the apse end of the outer wall .
It marks a later date more than the usual date for the temple and other developed features such as the case may be noted in this context .
This and the presence of an article on the ruined outer gopura at the southern and eastern part of the prakara indicate a date in the early years of the eighth century .
The inner wall of a typical apse form encloses the sanctum .
It has two linear lateral walls forward and in addition four rows of four pillars inside the antarala mandapa which divide the spot into a central nave a बाहरी roof with a flat slopy roof and a slopy roof .
The pillars too have lost their original shape and को and have transformed into mere conventional shapes as found in the later Chalukyan temples .
The prastara carries a ham of kutas salas and panjaras .
The second tala has a sanctum enclosed over the inner wall of the aditala .
Its antarala front is a mask of the basal part of the sukanasika while the prastara on the other three sides carries four karnakutas and three salas since there is no room for a sola on the front side .
The third storey of some lesser width is relieved on the other sides except on the front or sukanasika .
The bays contain उदगम motifs as in the northern - style temples .
The square sikhara corresponding to the twelve चालुक्य declares a similar kind of demarcation in later Chalukyan temples .
In addition to two interior pillars of the peripheral series adjoining the बालुकाश्म the four central बालुकाश्म though of sandstone are of partly lathe - turned partly lathe - turned पर the earlier pillars of the Chalukyas and their successors are पर .
The Eastern Chalukyas of बादामी a collateral branch of the early Chalukyas of Badami have however left a series of structural temples in sandstone which are more similar to the Pallava style of बालुकाश्म in their style .
These and along with these two superimposed large or main doorways on the east make the vimana a chaumukh or चौमुख structure known as the चौमुख .
The दीवारों of the walls pierced behind the main doorway in the east provide an antarala passage through the sandhara circuit leading to the inner doorway of the cella .
In front of this antarala is a southern transverse path with a series of steps on both sides north and south .
The outer doorway has two colossal dvarapalas as the outer entrances .
The central bays of the outer walls over which are the बाहरी with all wide entrances are the largest sala of the hara of steps over the prastara of the second tala .
The intermediate bays of a lesser width have पर पर thus constituting the whole hara over the second tala prastara .
The main pilasters at the corners of the bays have square in its angles with the walls and with pillars .
The abacus of the earlier Pallava capitals is large thick and square with a central जोडों on the स्थूल .
The inner wall of the lower storey has on its three sides amid huge pilasters and in front of the outer wall openings more than the मानवाकार of Siva seated on the south of the west and the मानवाकार of Durga seated in the north .
The lower ambulatory contains over the rest of the inner wall the pilasters and pilasters on the inner face of the outer wall extensive mural paintings of the आतंरिक painted by the later आतंरिक of the seventeenth century .
The Chola layer would appear there at present where the नायक . . stands apart .
The most important points in the volume of the space available on the inner wall are the विषय शिव the शिव of Siva in the form of Siva the भीतरी the story of the Siva saint शिव and the पूजा on which the Cera king was worshipped.
Other paintings of dancers musicians नर्तकों birds and animals .
After the early paintings of a wide variety of Buddhist caves at Ajanta and paintings in the Jain cave - temples at अजंता this is a high - level extensive series of paintings in the history of Indian wall paintings .
Each tala carries over its prastara a ham of kutas salas and panjaras .
The topmost tala has instead four Nandis on the four corners of which the octagonal griva and sikhara rise .
The topmost stones that fill the ultimate antarala are estimated to weigh 80 tonnes according to their size .
The stupi का as originally intended by Rajaraja is का and as stated in its inscription in the temple is of copper की with a pH of कलई metres high .
From its base to apex the whole series of pillars ( ) ) of the pyramidal or पिरामिड have been अंदर inside the successive courses of masonry .
A large and carved water - spout is projected on the top of the adhishthana at about the middle of the northern side using the निकालती water flowing out of the sanctum chamber .
The water circulates through the फर्श running through the bases of the two walls and the sandhara circumambulatory in the centre .
The long pranala or spout is supported by a squatting over the upa - pitha .
In front of this pranala and a little east is the coeval square vimana for the विमान of the Siva temple .
This position laid down by Rajaraja in his great temple became ideal for all the temples of the latter period .
घेरती the open court around the vimana and its axial mandapas including the Nandi - mandapa is a two - tiered prakara wall of the same period .
The prakara has a large gopura at the middle of the eastern side which is entirely of stone .
Inside the prakara wall there is a continuous double - storeyed malika with a third open terrace on top interrupted by seven square tritala vimanas with octagonal griva sikhara on the four corners and three sides .
These are dedicated to eight वृत्ताकार - अग्नि Agni Yama अग्नि Varuna Varuna Varuna Varuna Varuna Varuna वायु Varuna Vayu Soma and से starting from south - east to the north - east in the circular .
The eighth is for Indra and for a sun in the inner part of the vertical base of the gopura on the east .
In front of the gopura and some distance away from it is the outer and large gopura perhaps with the outer prakara wall perhaps originally but now part of a protective fort wall formed during later years .
In addition to the inner gopura the prakara wall has three smaller entrances of the torana gate variety placed opposite the centre of the south west and north sides of the main vimana .
These are simple दरवाजों doors with horizontal हैं .
In pursuance of this phase of Tamil Nadu which was called में in later कालों and north times continued the construction of temples wholly apsidal ग्रीवा and griva sikhara .
Such temples are rather rare in the Chola and हैं in the south .
These two are essentially lesser versions of the two Brihadisvara vimanas but incorporate in their design some variations and innovations that represent the Chalukya - Rashtrakuta influences .
The topmost tala carries four square karnakutas flanked by a recumbent Nandi on either side .
It continued for about a century in temples and disappeared as before leaving only a place for Nandis .
But at the same time this temple of Rajaraja II begins with the idea of setting up of नंदी pairs on the corners of other temples or similar vehicles or वाहनों with a back - to - back from the two bodies .
Another symptom which was left to the later temples of the Pallavas and early Cholas another feature that had been abandoned in the later temples of the Pallavas and early Chola temples continued to be extended over the whole of the transverse shrine .
The principal axial complex of vimana and mandapa is similar to the plan of the Brihadisvara .
In the last days of the later Cholas captured one part of Tamil Nadu even though they had a special gopura - LRB - छोडे - RRB - on the gopura platform .
The मूर्तिशिल्प gopuras of Ko - , at Chidambaram चिदंबरम and other places are noted for their sculptures particularly for the depiction of a hundred and eight dance poses .
These kumbha panjaras became a common symptom .
The stone or wood पाषाण projected from the पाषाण पाषाण has also changed and the central पुष्प of the earlier पुष्प have more or less turned into the लटकन of the bell - shaped bell shaped drum which has gradually become the पुष्प .
Now the top panels and columns.
These are found in the मंदिरों and नागेश्वर temples at तंजावुर - Thanjavur district where in the case of नटराज it fronts the sabha - mandapa of Nataraja which is another feature added to the later temples .
It is also found at चिंदबरम , , , चिंदबरम चिंदबरम Chidambaram and many other places .
This provided inspiration for the building of such a mandapa in its मंडप temple in the north coastal Andhra and more at Konark in its great sun temple .
The top talas are devoid of the hara ; the top talas are characteristically तिरछे or तिरछे and the sides are repeated .
The hara elements too have their characteristic sizes with the अग्रभागों fronts of the projected bays of the aditala wall with shorter pilaster pairs or makara toranas .
The fronts of the kuta on the makara toranas have been में .
The mandapa pillars are partially lathe - turned in their top though square and single marking the commencement of the characteristic pillars of later times .
Another oblong shrine with a narrow front mandapa stands near the नवलिंग group .
The other ruined structures are surrounded by a prakara with two entrances on two sides .
The mention of goddesses like Ganga . कालिका Sarasvati and महामाई in the adjoining inscriptions indicates the presence of a powerful devi cult .
The horse at घोडे began to change its shape and became flat .
The wall spaces between the relieved bays of the aditala are adorned by reliefs of shrine with superstructures of the southern vimana patterns or of the northern prasada models .
The square - based pillars of the mandapas are partially lathe - turned particularly the capitals below the मंडपों indicative of some progress in the case .
There are two rectangular shrines facing the four central pillars of the mandapa perhaps originally for Ganapati and Durga .
But from the structural point of view the fact that in spite of the दीवारें thickness the walls are built of small stone structures which tend to काम brick work while the larger or larger structures of the Chalukyas .
Looking at the temples of the बालुकाश्म बालुकाश्म निकट near खदान they are found in temples of बालुकाश्म and in whose construction the use of sandstone which was found to be totally discarded and the superior fibres were disposed of in stone .
The new material had influenced the reduced thickness from its mining to a more ease and volume of fine and delicate carvings on such material .
Among the many interesting temples of such materials the Jain temple is the largest and most prominent one being built in the latter half of the eleventh century .
It has a square five - storeyed nirandhara vimana with a square griva and sikhara .
The pillars inside the mandapa have square bases.
The shaft and the wide square head are चिकना चिकना चिकना and polished , by turning , forms a series of उभारों उभारों मनके मनके मनके मनके मनके मनके etc. which are embellished after the finely chosen अलंकरणों
Sometimes the axial series of the temple unit is surrounded by an open court and pillared cloister inside the prakara wall having only one side entrance to the front .
There are hundreds of more or less Hoysala temples of importance : among them the जिले temple at बेलूर and बेलूर in Belur district , ( both in शहर district ) the former and latter capital of शहर and केशव in Mysore district .
The बेलूर temple unit at Belur was built by Hoysala बेलूर in बेलूर and consecrated to Vishnu with the name Vijaya Narayan .
Now it is the main unit of the complexes of the later temples which are enclosed by a prakara with a gopura entrance on the east on the axial line of a monastery and a plain side entrance on the same side .
The द्वार doorway is preceded by a large navaranga the three sides of which have extended passages or closed ड्यौढियों terminating in elaborately carved entrances with over - doors.
The whole is built over a upa - pitha 1. 5 m high the विमान plan of the vimana and its axial mandapas is also included .
The walls of the garbha - griha are sometimes simple as in the shrine at the bottom of the tank in Palampet .
When alternately projected and recessed the bays are full of curved flat pilaster patterns .
The recesses contain a slender pilaster carrying a superposed shrine top and a superposed creeper torana over it .
Rather it is a slopy - roofed projected ledge often large .
The prastara over the antarala and the front mandapas carry similar to the lower tala of the vimana superstructure a hara of miniature shrines of the kuta variety often in प्रस्तर and गारे .
This subsequent Vijayanagar mandapa is a चंचु - like miniature shrine series of typical arched . of the maha - mandapa . with an invariable characteristic projected by the front of the vimana superstructure.
The sukanasika projected in the front of the vimana superstructure is an invariable characteristic of the vimana square - की of the temples.
Which had been closed after his entrance : before the expiry of twelve years determined by the saintly saint - it was three years later that Samadhi was finally broken into the absence of a son ' s physical mark .
In this place of शिवलिंग salvation a शिवलिंग established by a शिवलिंग was sanctified by the signature of a शिवलिंग who was soon turned into a temple and is believed to have been blessed with the presence of a व्यक्तिगत in the spiritual मुद्रा .
The outer wall of the upper lip of the posterior or western part of the ऊपर structure.
The काकतीय has a Gajalakshmi relief and the existence of a wide - projected cornice over each entrance reminds one of the Kakatiya method .
In the precincts of the श्रृंगेरी of the सूर्य there are राशियां which are believed to be the order of the sun for twelve months ; . the central lotus is considered as the symbols of the sun and the petals of the वितान in this case .
His money is also natural ; मुद्रा which is the proof of the sculptor ' s knowledge .
The भारतीय know that a species of the Indian parrot Psittacula commonly known as भारतीय is distinguished in Indian birds by its habit of बसेरा upside down like the बसेरा .
For an ascetic yogi it can be a form of sadhana or penance .
The superstructure of the vimana or garbha - griha is an upward extension .
It is a cylindrical high tower with three upper talas of gradually diminishing diameter rising over the sanctum terminating in the griva carrying the sikhara over which the top stupi is the ग्रीवा though larger than the vimana superstructure over the antarala .
The sandhara channel on the outer and inner wall of the aditala is made up of the sandhara channel and in the pattern of the wet stone the mandapa facade is likewise a front - end spreading long stone section with the base of the second tala .
Three niches have been placed in the main शुकनासा of the three cardinal sides - south पश्चिम west and north while the former is a prominent शुकनासा .
The prastara of this second tala . or का is composed of seven tiers of curved कपोतों or कपोतों .
The third tala of slightly lesser elevation repeats the same pattern ending in its कपोतों of five . superposed one over the other .
The fourth tala of even lesser elevation repeats the same pattern over which the three . are कपोतों .
The scheme is a modification of the method of ग्रीवा which comes over successively के and ग्रीवा between two talas in a clear but short antarala in the middle of the griva as in the Eastern ग्रीवा and the समूह tradition .
The top of the third tala carries the ग्रीवा or griva the four corners or four Nandis on the top .
The griva sikhara set has four projected nasikas on the four cardinal sides including the east while the third tala of the vimana is evidently lifted from the top of the frontal शुकनासा .
The five विमान are of metal and constitute the विमान scheme which is the characteristic of the divine vimana according to the ancient Buddhist texts .
Built of granite it stands on a well - moulded upa - pitha platform .
The five - storeyed vimana is a double - walled sandhara structure with the talas and the tala superstructure has a characteristic sukanasika projection .
A horizontal band divides the exterior wall surface into upper and lower अर्धभागों .
The lower half shows a series of shrine fronts between pilasters .
The राजवंश temples of में and Virabhadra in the earlier राजवंश of the dynasty are built of greyish green granite .
The two separate vimanas have their front mandapas inter - connected.
He took note of what was developing further north .
Their geographical position extended over the Deccan beyond the Deccan coast which often separate the island from the northern part of the subcontinent making them more receptive to more than one उपमहाद्वीप .
The result was that the earlier Chalukyan architecture and the origins of the arts such as those of the महाकूटेश्वर . - चालुक्य , - चालुक्य के in the Andhra Pradesh के and Badami - के near की the southern कदंब of the Eastern Chalukyas .
The नागर is a square vimana in its simplest form in the Chalukyan or नागर Nagara type with a lower superstructure rising over a progressive reduced level often in the form of a पिरामिड or ग्रीवा characteristic of a नागर .
The kapota tiers are decorated by relieved कुदु motifs particularly at the centre of each direction .
The separating necks or throat may not be altogether or very small .
At the highest level a small griva containing a characteristic ग्रीवा or मसूर उ is a circular or मसूर - shaped body of मसूर and मसूर with stripes .
They were also built in other parts of Karnataka and Andhra .
In these temples the whole superstructure over the section of the top of the top of the विमान temple is indicated by a single unit called the के which is not visible by the विमान at the corners and apparently cut into the विमान .
Thus it is evident that what is known as the sikhara in the northern rekha - prasada is not known in the same name in the southern tiered vimanas .
The smaller आमलक are हुए at the corners of the superstructure of the prasada the भूमि are therefore called भूमि and the sole basis of the division .
Their adhishthana generally follow the patterns found in the southern vimana and the body has a clear prastara and separating the superstructure over it .
The square plan or leg position is relieved by three or five bays on each page from the base to the apex and are called rathas with त्रिरथ and त्रिरथ forms the sanctum .
The most characteristic and glaring sukanasika is projected from the front end of the antarala roof from the frontal portion and is projected at least half the top if not two - thirds of the width of its lower part in the top .
In addition to the mandapas the northern - style temples of the Chalukyan area have many similarities with local vimana types such as their pillars forms के द्वारों द्वारों द्वारपालों द्वारपालों द्वारपालों द्वारपालों and other features of the dvarapalas.
These are generally tri rathas with त्रिरथ .
The outer wall is simple or elaborate often with a pillared बाहरी .
The former are of sandhara type while the latter is of the है type though they are in their usual outward form .
The मंडप has a low and linear plan with a stunted sikhara over the main edifice which is too small in proportion to the total length of a mandapa and a mandapa beyond it .
The most interesting feature is the hara of पंजर with karnakutas at the front corners and a few panjaras extended over the roof of the fully axial mandapas a southern feature which is appropriate to the vimana type of temples .
The Sangamesvara in the में group is of the tri ratha lay - out with a pillared mandapa in front .
The मंदिर group of temple units is surrounded by a common prakara with a cluster of six miniature shrines of varied types apart from the other structures the प्रासाद sandhara rekha - prasada with a tri ratha type .
The परिचर and परिचर of the complex at जिला are the principal units of the group ; the two are nirandhara with a tri ratha sikhara over a square .
The adhishthana are not of the southern vimana type but also a विमान of the विमान in a विमान or विमान . prastara which is an invariable component of the southern vimana temples and not in all the other line halls .
In the larger sanctum the . is a antarala and axial mandapa in front .
The shrine wall is plain in addition to a देवकोष्ठ niche on each side .
The small temples provide specimens of square rectangular and apsidal schemes .
The के के . near Kurnool though much renovated also belongs to this class .
It has a pillared mandapa with a central raised ceiling and lateral wings with slopy roofs .
It contains an inscription of the time of AD 750 .
Another well - preserved temple of this type is found in the भुजाओं . nearby having nirandhara धड with carvings of Ganesa भुजाओं Durga and Kartikeya on the relieved भुजाओं niches .
The वर्ग at सोमेश्वर and the पंचलिंगेश्वर at और are of this class .
This type of rekha - प्रासाद soon got out of vogue in this area and could not extend further to the Tamil region in the south .
Like Kerala temples the temples of Kerala have a different class in themselves since they included timber to a certain extent in their construction as in the preceding part of the stone vimana .
While the adhishthana of the vimana or the श्रीकोयिल is of the cut - out stone sections and all its parts are akin to the adhishthana of any southern temple the दीवारें walls are usually of the दीवारें sections that are readily cut and easily cut .
Because of their अनगढ and सतह surface the walls are heavily plastered and some decorations are painted .
The छत of the roof are placed directly on the wall plate on top of the walls ; they are gable in gable form to reach a point on the head .
The conical or नासिका roof of the funnel has a नासिका or nose - ring projected with locally described नासिका with a bas - relief sculptures on which the cut - off forms are में or at least the front .
The local name शुकनासिका ( parrot ) is the analogy of the sukanasika .
On the front of the entrance is a step by the stone steps with a stone slab on the other side having rich relief sculptures.
The pranala or water - outlet projected from the northern side is a typical जल - shaped long मोटी - shaped tube - like structure and tube - like structures with a narrow tube cut through the mouth of a vyala .
Externally it is divided into circular spots with तीलियों and intervening and supported by the बाहरी .
There is a separate agra - mandapa in the Sri अग्रमंडप often square with slopy roof called the हैं - mandapa .
Externally the quadrangular open court is surrounded by a prakara with a cloister or malika locally called मालिका or मालिका .
The outermost ones have the principal gopura or की on the front and occasionally with additional entrances on the rear and sides .
In addition to the simple outer prakara wall on the four sides in the larger temple complex like the भीतर temple at भीतर the outer wall having a भीतर gopura on the four sides in the sanctum and the detached mandapa in the premises like the ऑपेरा .
The छत for the लकडी . at the north - east corner of the outer shrine is apsidal with a roof of wood and metal sheet .
Most of the temples at present in Kerala are not very old ; the oldest medieval or north medieval .
The most ancient temples have been ruined due to the perishable material ; only their stone adhishthana and deities have sculpture of the dvarapalas etc .
These give us an idea of the continuity from at least the tenth century AD if not earlier .
Such temples with prominent slopy or pent roofs or मानसून - roofs are extensively found extensively in the monsoon - affected coastal areas . from Kanyakumari in the south to south coast and Goa .
Their srikoyil or vimana plans include the circular विमान more frequent the आधिक the elliptical the square the oblong the अर्धवृत्ताकार and the apsidal श्रीकोयिल and they are often multi - storeyed .
The apical storey of the inner wall is a circular . octagonal and square structure covered by an elliptical cone - shaped or four - sided code roof with a row of छत sala or sabha - type oblong and apsidal structures .
The adhishthana is invariably of granitic stone while the walls and superstructure are of granite . or brick and wood .
The roof may be made of planks metal sheet or tiles or even thatch in ordinary structures .
It is adapted to the regional वर्षा requirements and a deep slope of the sides and वर्षा . of the peak not only निकाल heavy rain water but also painted stucco or wooden panels on the wall below .
The central portion of the अर्धमंडप groove that rises just before the door of the maha - mandapa and between the outer door of the श्रीकोयिल makes its part practically in the plan and therefore appears as the frontal projection of the main srikoyil .
It can be a single step route which facilitates direct passage through the front .
Or बाजुओं is often a landing stage in front of the entrance and steps are made on both sides .
Perhaps the largest complex in this series of temples is the मंदिरों or the Sri मूलनाथ or the Sri मूलनाथ temple अवस्थित situated at a low level in the centre of the town of केरल in Kerala .
It is known from its inscriptions that these temples are in existence since the twelfth century though the foundations may be even older .
It is perhaps the smallest apsidal structure in the अर्धवृत्ताकार mode of construction .
In the north - west corner of the outer court there is a large बाह्य or opera - hall rectangular in size and typical Kerala style .
Inside the central pavilion the carved pillars of the pillared विमान are appropriately lathe - turned pillars and the inner roof or vimana wood.
The whole complex is surrounded by a large stone prakara with four - storeyed gateways on the four cardinal sides with slopy slopy gable roofs .
Another large and important temple complex in the south of Kerala is the त्रिवेंद्रम or Anantasayin temple at Trivandrum which is wholly reconstructed in the last two centuries.
The stone - built पाषाण shrine is appropriately oblong on plan to enshrine the reclining form of Anantasayin Vishnu .
It is two - storeyed with pent and gable roof patterns on its storeys .
The walls are painted and there are subsidiary shrines for deities like Krishna दीवारें दीवारें दीवारें Narasimha . Garuda . षष्ठ षष्ठ etc .
Its stone sculpture and the wood - carving on the ceiling of the मंडप mandapa are also of a fine quality .
The Ram temple of उत्तरी in north Kerala is unique in a rectangular srikoyil with a linear orientation and is that it has an entrance to the two smaller sides of the rectangular structure .
The front and main समाने forward rising is almost vertical while the two long arms of the arm and the shorter arm of the rear have slopy roof at the lower level with a slopy gable roof at the top level with three linear rows on top .
There is a mukha - mandapa in front a oblong mukha - mandapa but its अनुप्रस्थ axis is transverse to the long axis of the srikoyil and provided with stupis over the east over the स्तूपियां .
All around there is a low altitude .
The lower pent roof as well as the शुकनासा with a front triangular gable face rises है nali or linear antarala - mandapa in front of which an independent मंडप - mandapa stands .
The विष्णु Vishnu temple also belongs to this class .
The roofs are made of metal sheets and the four - sided pyramidal साने have four साने nasikas and the gold - gilt stupis on top.
The Ram temple at राम has a circular श्रीकोयिल ekatala srikoyil and is noted for its ancient wood - carvings.
The दीवारों - mandapa has profuse wood - carvings while the wall of the shrine has interesting mural paintings .
The srikoyil at Vaikom is similar circular and ekatala with a large स्तूपी conical roof and single stupi .
The Siva temple at शिव has a simple circular ekatala srikoyil and is noted for its paintings particularly for Nataraja .
The pent roof and the apsidal छत roof below with a gable front having a row of three stupis on top.
After a long struggle when the British regained control over Delhi Bahadur Shah went to a secret place .
After his arrest he was brought to the red fort by मिलिट्री William किले which could be tried by a military commission constituted under Section 14 of 1857 against all established rules of national and international law .
The European Military Commission was formed under the leadership of Major General C B . B . B . B . C . B . C . R . D . who was brought before him and four members in Delhi could be held on January 27 1858 .
The prosecutor for the government was एडवोकेट the Advocate General .
On the 27th January 1858 at 11 o 'clock in the morning of the fort there was a court in the same Diwan - e - Khas where Bahadur Shah used to sit and do justice as Emperor .
Many authorities suggested to prosecute the capital of the British in India but Delhi was selected for this purpose and because it was the dream of a British Raj fans that was built up by her प्राचीर .
The 82 - year - old Emperor was held almost as a prisoner outside the Diwan - e - Khas where European spectators continued to shout यूरोपीय .
At last the clock struck twelve and brought him inside .
After much effort and under pressure he said not only in his reply but remained silent .
From 27 January 1858 to 21 July 1858 .
About 18 per cent of these were paid - up with so - called वेतनभोगी most of them were salaried spies and produced about 200 contemporary documents of material relating to the uprising of 1857 .
On the 20th day of the proceedings i . e . on March 9 1858 the court resumed and prisoner Bahadur Shah Zafar was brought to the court in the care of Ghulam Abbas .
The lawyer read the translation of the prisoner ' s defence before the commission .
In his defence Bahadur Shah neither referred to his powers as a sovereign under the international law and did not object to his own right to trial by the Commission and because of his own convictions .
It was the first trial of the British which established British supremacy and culminated in the trial of the Indian National Army ( फौज ) which ended British rule in India .
This foul trial was the end of the Mughal Empire in India and the East India Company .
Surendra Nath Banerjea was born on 10th November 1848 in ह्य1848 - 1848 .
His schooling carried out at the स्कूली इंस्टीट्यूशन Institution इंडियन mostly students were Anglo - Indians .
Having graduated from the Calcutta University in 1868 he went to England with Romesh Chunder Dutt and Biharilal Gupta to compete in the prestigious Civil Service .
In 1869 he passed the test .
There was a dispute about his right age which allowed him to be विवाद ; later the court held a decision .
After his return to India in 1871 he occupied Sylhet as Assistant Justice .
Mr Justice . did not like his Indian helper and took advantage of a legal error and made a formal complaint to the government against Surendra Nath the commission accused Banerjee and immediately dismissed him from service .
Surendra Nath proceeded to England and appealed to the Indian Office .
He had transformed the " definitive fact of the partition of Bengal by Lord Willingdon .
1906 was the culmination of his political career .
He was a member of the Calcutta Corporation ( 1876 - 99 ) but had resigned as a protest against Lord Curzon ' s policy of destroying popular municipal finances .
He was also a member of the Indian Legislative Council .
Because of his progressive ideas he advocated widow - remarriage and increasing the marriageable age .
Surendra Nath Banerjea was a time when Surendranath Banerjea ' s name was known as the भारत of India .
He was a prominent orator both in English and Bengali and compared favourably with सुरेन्द्रनाथ in Greece and कलकत्ता in Rome. Surendra Nath Banerjea was born in Calcutta in 1848 .
His academic career was quite scholarly and he had passed very easily in the Indian Civil Service Competition which was very difficult and attractive .
But he was dismissed from it and he joined the freedom struggle of India .
In those days of 1883 this was impossible to swallow and the English judges could not restrain themselves .
On 3 May 1883 Surendra Nath Banerjea and के de बंगाली the publisher and अदालत of the Bengali बंगाली were issued a notice of contempt of court by the High Court and directed them to say on 4 May 1883.
The notice asked why he should not be sent to prison for writing and printing articles about Mr Justice Norris and Mr Justice Norris .
He was asked to submit his reply and affidavit immediately .
रामकुमार . in his affidavit disowned all responsibility and threw all the blame on Surendra Nath Banerjea .
He said that he had nothing to do with the material published in the letter nor had he the right to decide whether to print or not to print any article and he said that English was well understood by him .
He added that if the articles contained निंदापूर्ण and abusive words they had no information about it and as far as they were concerned they were ready to ask for a good deal from the court on account of publication and printer .
He wrote in his affidavit issued on a notice of one night early .
Surendra Nath Banerjea remained in jail for two months but the trial created a stir and his name began to go to the home of the country .
The reaction of the people was swift and intense.
That day all the shops in Calcutta remained closed and the business remained stagnant .
The practice of holding open - air meetings took place as the crowds gathered for opposition .
The Hindus were especially enraged because their idol was brought into court .
Justice Norris had played an undesirable role in the Albert Bill controversy .
In the last years of his life Banerjee wrote in a book titled The Nation " The बंग of बंगाल A . A . I have never seen such a stir in Bengal except with the modification of the laws of Bengal .
Public meetings were held in support of me in every city and against the decision of the High Court .
The feeling of opposition was so wide that many of them even took part in the streets and suffered for it .
In 1907 he urged the inside of the Congress to find a way out of the proposals for hearing his grievances .
Tilak and his associates Bipin Pal and Lala Lajpat Rai refused to accept the object of the Indian National Congress viz . the establishment of a responsible government in India as was prevalent in the British Empire .
On the contrary they demanded a completely free and autonomous India from British domination .
Because of their differences with the Moderates of the Indian National Congress Tilak established the Home Rule League in 1916 .
He was not satisfied with the Government of India Act 1919 1919.
However he was disapproved by Sir Valentine . in his book 'Indian इंडियन and Tilak went to England in 1918 and lodged appeals in England .
Two of Tilak ' s works are devoted to his scholarship and scholarship .
Tilak had played a major role in persuading Mahatma Gandhi to come to India from South Africa and Mahatma Gandhi was also impressed by his political philosophy .
Tilak ' s trial cannot be gauged by the historical importance and political consequences of Lokmanya Bal Gangadhar Tilak ' s trials in 1905 and 1908 .
Tilak was convicted for the crime of patriotism .
He was punished for his life or his own country for wanting .
Ladies and gentlemen . The verdict that our contemporaries pass on us is not of much value .
What is valuable is the inevitable decision of history and the inevitable decision of history that both these convictions which suppress freedom and patriotism are निंदनीय whatever Lokamanya Tilak did is the legitimate right of every man fighting his country .
Both these convictions have been forgotten in the darkness of history and the fame and glow of Tilak has grown with time . "
Tilak was tried three times : firstly in 1897 under Section 124 - A of the Indian Penal Code ( Section 124 - A of the Indian Penal Code ) a record on which he was sentenced to imprisonment for eighteen months .
They sought permission from the High Court to appeal to the Privy Council but they were not permitted .
But the यूरोपीय Judge ignored all these legal arguments and decided that the trial would start on 13th July 1908 with the help of a special jury consisting of Europeans and Anglo - Indians .
The outcome was known before the trial began .
The Tai Maharaj case earlier a personal case of ताई had already absorbed his financial resources .
Fear was haunting him . "
The trial started on 13th July 1908 in the Central Hall of the Bombay High Court building .
Every person entering the said room in the court had to undergo rigorous security .
On the other side of Tilak were occupied by तिलक तिलक बप्तिस्ता Baptista Kelkar केलकर Kelkar . and others with a view to seeing and assisting Tilak .
On the other hand the Advocate General Mr श्री the Bar - at - Law and Mr अभियोक्ता the public prosecutor took his seat .
The gist of the article 'These Remedies are not published on 9th June was given to the court and jury.
The prosecutor said that though the writer did not show any sympathy for throwing bombs and murders committed by the purpose of weakening and सत्ता British authority the author was still very particular about the bomb explosion .
It was stated that though the Government could apply the ' बम Act ' the bombs could be easily manufactured as they were not likely to have chemicals .
He said that the article was inspired by the same ideology that the British Raj was a curse to the country and the people would be ready to deal with conditions like Russia .
As regards the charges under Section 153 - A the prosecutor stated that the accused often referred to the alien rule in the writings of Kesari .
He alleged that by pointing out that " white people were against the interests of the " native people " the accused wanted to create a race struggle between Europeans and natives .
Finally he said that there were three charges which were to be considered by court and jury .
The counsel for the prosecutor has cross - examined जगन्नाथ Vishnu Joshi जगन्नाथ Jagannath दातार and Inspector अभियोक्ता .
Prosecution witness Bhaskar Joshi assistant to the oriental translator and Inspector . who had been searching for the office of Tilak ' s residence in Poona were visibly shaken by the cross - examination .
While cross - examining Joshi Tilak proved that the translations before the court were defective and had perverted the meaning of the original articles to give a distorted view .
While cross - examining Inspector तिलक Tilak forced him to admit that the original search - warrant was not for his residence and he did not know when the interpolation to search his residence .
To show that the translations produced in the court are misleading. 2. तिलक Tilak made a correct English translation of more than a dozen words in his written request .
दमन tyranny and निरंकुशता are दमन here and have a very different meaning in writing .
I believe that the idioms of one language are not the same in another .
I would like to point out that the translator was not placed in the witness - box but someone else has been asked to give evidence for the की of the translations .
Of course because there is a official translation his अनुच्छेदों can be inferred from that of गवाहों but certain passages which have been अनुच्छेदों upon which the original translator should have stood in the witness .
The charge is not based on the original article in Marathi but on translations and should have been based on the original Marathi essay and not on translations .
It may be said that the defence has not produced its translation .
Tilak defended the charge made under Section 153 - A .
He said " I see a great deal between the people and the people on the one hand and on the other I wish you the man not the last .
I am on the slope of my age and it is for me only a few years but future generations will look at your verdict and see your right or wrong .
This would be a memorable decision in the history of Indian journalism .
If any one of you come forward and say that I am right I shall be very satisfied as I know that if a jury is not unanimous in England another trial takes place .
Such a rule may not be here but it will give me moral support and great satisfaction . "
He ended his वक्तवय in these words : " I do not expect from you .
I am ready to face the consequences of my action .
You may not agree with my point of view .
Two charges are under Section 124 - A and under one charge .
Think separately and make decisions on each of the charges separately and I urge you to give you justice if possible in accordance with the decision by unanimous consent .
This trial is very important to the accused .
The charges are also very serious .
If you think that he is guilty. But if you have any doubt about it and you have some legitimate and substantial reason to doubt the accused . "
The court had a gloom .
Tilak made fun to break the silence : " Let us drink the last tea together . "
Seven out of the nine members of the jury blamed Tilak on all three counts while the two held him innocent on all three counts .
His तिलक asked Tilak Do you say anything before I say ? "
It was then that Tilak with an inner spiritual courage uttered those immortal and prophetic words which are enshrined at the entrance of the Bombay High Court .
The answer to Tilak seemed to have totally हतप्रभ to Justice Davar for he said that he would be condemned to a sentence of six years' transportation with a fine of Rs 1000 for six years .
They are हिंसा with sedition ; they preach violence ; they speak in support of deaths ; the cowardly and cruel deeds of learning from bomb explosions have received your support not only if you have come to India .
As I said it would be a diseased and perverted mind that would consider bombs as legitimate instruments in political agitation .
It will be a diseased mind that can ever imagine that articles can be written on a valid basis .
Your hatred for the ruling class has not ended in these ten years and these articles have been deliberately written week - and not on the spur of the moment - but on the cruel and cowardly charge of those innocent English women .
You have written about bombs as if they were legitimate instruments of political movements .
Such journalism is a curse to the country .
I am sorry to punish you .
I have expressed interest in what punishment should be given to you in the event of the verdict of the accused and I have decided to award a sentence which according to my opinion was " unfair ' .
I do not think that with my duty and in accordance with your crime a punishment can be awarded less .
It seems to me that for a man of office and position like you this sentence will be entirely consistent and meet the purpose of justice .
Under the first two counts you may be sentenced to transportation for life .
I considered the sentence of your transportation or the sentence of imprisonment and found that in view of your age and other circumstances it would be a duty for me and in the interest of that country which you would claim .
Under Section 124 - A . I have the right to pass a sentence of transportation for life or for some time and I pass you a sentence of three to three years of transportation for the first two counts Serial No. निर्वासन i . e .
Then the Advocate General made a petition and withdrew the fourth charge against the accused under Section अभियुक्त .
For at least ten days the country ' s attention was constantly focused on Tilak ' s case .
The fear of the future danger in the phenomenal defence of the prisoner in the box was lost for some time .
Newspapers commented: " We are afraid that the present verdict given by seven Europeans in the prosecution of the Government is not to be accepted by the country as a matter of legitimate judgement .
The whole country would look upon it as if the prosecution had decided on its own case .
So far as the sentence is concerned is a good one - न्यायाधीश if Justice Davar had made it difficult to palliate the severity of the sentence with his convictions on the merits of the accused and did not attempt to injure the accused .
Tilak needed no such certificate .
His ability and influence are acknowledged by many of his big enemies and even by the English Press who commented on his arrest and action . "
When the crowds gathered in the darkness and in the chill they were quietly removed from the past door and taken to Bombay railway stations where a particular train was ready to transport them to the prison .
Tilak ' s sentence hurt freedom fighters everywhere.
The foreign newspapers wrote that now European workers have become Asian comrades whose numbers will grow by leaps and bounds.
Sri Aurobindo ( 1872 - 1950 ) Sri Aurobindo ( Aurobindo Ghose ) was born on 15 August 1872 in Calcutta .
His father पिता Ghose ( 1845 ) dealt with the well - established Ghose family of West Bengal .
When Aurobindo was seven years old his father had taken him and his two elder brother अरविंद इंग्लैंड and Manmohan to England .
His early education took place in an English family .
When he joined the St. Paul ' s School as a researcher he knew Latin and could understand Shakespeare and the romantic poets himself .
He had mastered Goethe Dante and दांते in his native language the French था German इतालवी Italian and Spanish .
At eleven he began writing poetry in Greek Latin and English .
As a secretary to the Indian Majlis Cambridge University he made revolutionary speeches hinting at armed rebellion as the only way to India ' s liberation .
Though he passed the Indian Civil Service examination he did not enter it and returned to India in 1893 with an appointment at the Baroda State Service .
He took thirteen years to reach the post of the Principal in charge of the state College at Baroda .
He learnt Sanskrit Bengali from Marathi बांग्ला Gujarati and spoken बांग्ला the epics the Upanishads and Sanskrit literature and wrote poetry in English drama and drama .
He shifted to Calcutta as the principal of the newly formed National College ( now Jadavpur ) .
Aurobindo directed बंगाल to use the partition of Bengal to increase its activities .
He gave instructions to नेशनलिस्टों for his policy and policy organisation and he launched the famous daily अंग्रेजी अंग्रेजी and joined the English daily of Bipin Chandra Pal .
A series of articles published in the Bande Mataram बंदे published in a series of articles describing the true method of implementation of the nationalist programme of ' Swadeshi ' and ' boycott ' .
In August 1907 Aurobindo was arrested for certain articles published in the Bande Mataram but the charge failed because it could not be proved that he was the editor of that letter .
He was also arrested with 38 other revolutionaries in May 1908 where he spent a year in the form of " रिहाई " before his release .
In jail he had the experience of a self - conscious consciousness and had a vision of Sri Krishna everywhere and there was an assurance of the freedom of India and his release for the welfare of the world .
After his release in May 1909 Aurobindo resumed his mission and wrote articles on the real intention of Indian nationalism in two newly - कर्मयोगी कर्मयोगी कर्मयोगी कर्मयोगी ( English ) and in Bengali .
One evening in February 1910 he received information that his office would be searched and arrested the following day .
He left for Pondicherry on hearing the voice of his conscience and went to Pondicherry where he devoted himself entirely to literature and philosophy .
In his mission he received the co - operation of an enlightened French फ्रांसिसी Paul and his wife ( later known as the Mother ) who came to Pondicherry at the mouth of the First World War .
In 1926 Aurobindo retired into seclusion which he stayed till his death in 1950 .
The trial of Sri Aurobindo Ghose and other co - workers is one of the रार्ज्यमुकदमों of historical importance since it was at a time when discontent in Bengal was at its peak .
This trial relates to the cultured educated and enlightened people who came from the elite of society .
Against this agitation of bomb - blast विदेशियों and British high - ranking deaths among British upper - ranking officers the British had added to their interest in the trial : " The articles of ' विदेशियों ' and ' षड्यंत्र ' were further strengthened .
From 1905 the political horizon of the country had been छा because of the disillusionment of the intellectuals of the cities and the same disillusionment spread to the villages .
On 1 May 1908 Khudiram Bose was arrested at the मुजफ्फरपुर Railway Station a few miles away from Muzaffarpur while Prafulla Chaki was arrested at मुजफ्फरपुर Railway Station .
Chaki took out his revolver and shot himself dead .
A wave of shock and consternation shook India .
In May 1908 thirty - seven persons including Barindra Ghosh Ullaskar Dutt his brother Aurobindo Ullaskar Dutt Ullaskar Dutt Ullaskar Dutt Upendra Nath Banerjee and others were arrested and tried .
In the first round the District Judge L . C . Biswas had recorded an FIR on May 19 1908 - LRB - including other items ) .
In view of all these bare facts all the accused who were members of a secret organisation ( 143 of the Indian Penal Code ) under Section 121 121 ( A . A . P . P . अरविंद A .
Here are some extracts from his statement .
After passing my Entrance exam I went to Dacca where my brother Manmohan Ghose was Professor I passed the first year of my graduation education .
With my friends ) Bhattacharya ( who have been arrested ) and जेल Dutta ( who are in jail ) I started sending letters " .
We took it for a year and then handed it over to its present managers .
After that I resumed receiving the training .
From 1907 to date I have collected fourteen and fifteen young men .
I educated these youths with religious books and politics .
We were always dreaming of the approaching revolution and wanted to be ready for it so we were gradually gathering arms .
On the whole I have collected eleven रिवाल्वर four rifles and one gun.
Among the others who joined our party Ullaskar Dutt were also Ullaskar Dutt and I have not yet forgotten about this year .
He said that he wanted to be useful by joining us and he knows how to make explosives .
There is a small laboratory at his house where he uses without his father ' s information .
I have never seen that laboratory : I have just heard about it .
With his help we started preparing explosives in small quantities at रोड . Road .
In the meanwhile another friend हेमचन्द्र Das of the मिदनापुर district of Midnapore district of Midnapore my conception was his own.
There was a difference in our team on the propriety of disclosing these facts .
Some were of the opinion that they would refuse everything and whatever the result would be से but I compelled them to make a written and oral statement to देश मुकर्जी Mukherjee because it was not good that the country would be caught .
On 23rd June 1905 Narendra नरेन्द्र was forgiven and was released .
The magistrate then charged the accused in two teams .
In the first batch he accused Barindra Ghose under Sections 121 121 - A and 123 of the Indian Penal Code and committed them to the Court of Sessions .
The District Magistrate of 24 Parganas बरले blamed the accused of the Aurobindo team .
The third sentence was that you had consciously discovered the existence of an Indian sentence of war against the Crown in Bengal in many places including रोड रोड रोड Road रोड . before 15 May 1908 or around it .
" And I hereby direct that you be tried by the said court under the said charges .
On 19 October 1908 a trial took place before the Additional Sessions Judge who charged the accused :
I hereby charge you :
That you fought a year before or around 15 May 1908 in many places in Bengal including बंगाल . . Road बंगाल . and so under Section 121 of the Indian Penal Code .
That you attempted to fight against the King of India at many places in Bengal including बंगाल बंगाल . Road टोला . 1908 before or around 15 May 1908 and thereby committed an offence punishable under Section 121 .
That you have done one year before or around 15 May 1908 - LRB - 32 युद्ध Road . - RRB - including बंगाल - LRB - बंगाल Road बंगाल - RRB - ( and at places in Bengal where there was one sentence of offence and so .
That you passed one year before or around 15 May 1908 - LRB - 32 . Road . - RRB - including बंगाल - LRB - बंगाल - RRB - on a number of occasions together in Bengal and some of the offences under Section 121 .
That you passed one year before or around 15 May 1908 including ब्रिटिश . . Road बंगाल . and बंगाल in Bengal together and with others the King of India was debarred from committing such offence as the British India or one part .
Sixth : You passed one year before 15 May 1908 or about it - including बंगाल बंगाल . Road बंगाल बंगाल बंगाल in Bengal together in many places and the offence of the local government of India and Bengal .
Das was very enthusiastic about this opportunity to defend a giant .
Most of the evidences against Aurobindo were his letters to his wife and speeches etc .
Das tried to prove that Sri Aurobindo was the most religious minded God - inspired Vedantist whose patriotism and love for his countrymen were the basis of his politics .
Commenting on the " वाम " वाम " on which the whole of India was based on the question of the spread of the left - wing cult he said :
In this letter the first great ideal which he stands before is that he is the trustee of all his property .
It is their duty to spend at least on oneself so that she may live and die for God .
How ?
By serving God ' s bread and by assisting the hungry and by assisting the needy .
Only then and then can you return God ' s debt .
They are not their personal interests and they are determined to live .
He wants only as much as he is necessary for himself as the rest will give God .
The only way to do this is to feed the परोपकार and feed the needy .
The second great ideal he points towards which he points is his mind that it is possible to see God not in reality but to see God in his own mind .
There is another point and he says that in this letter there is a hidden hint at the Guru ( spiritual path ) .
" Because you know that when a Hindu surrenders himself to a spiritual है he does not name his Guru nor does it tell anybody that he has done so .
He could not tell his wife if he had not been ordered .
( reading ) the rules of the जिबार - LRB - जिबार - RRB - and that if one has been given the rules of conduct in which he may feel the presence of God within him he shapes his life according to these rules .
Then it comes to its third ideal .
Here he stands for the basis of his national love .
Unless you realize that the whole world is a manifestation of God Himself unless you feel that this world which you see all around you and this world which is unreal and all of you live in .
These are unreal as long as you do not realise the association between them and them .
But when you realize that they are not separated from Brahman but are parts and manifestations of divinity that moment they cease to be unreal and become real.
Das pointed out the evidence of many other witnesses and commented upon them and I thank Your Honour and gentlemen as you have heard me in this case with constant patience and courage .
My only wish was that the trial had to be produced before the court something else but since I had a responsibility on it I made every effort to relate to the trial .
A few days later he was brought to the Yervada jail at Pune where his counsel Mr Joseph Baptista ( who had already reached all papers by Mr बप्तिस्ता ' s counsel Mr बप्तिस्ता on 13th September 1910 .
The Government of India afraid of launching Savarkar on a regular court made a Special Tribunal under a special ordinance so that the trial could be conducted without a jury and the accused should not be allowed to appeal .
The Tribunal was composed of Sir स्कॉट Scott the Chief Justice of Bombay Sir N. स्कॉट Sir N. स्कॉट and Mr Justice के .
The counsel for the prosecution comprised Mr बंबई the Advocate General Bombay Mr बंबई वेलिंकर वेलिंकर Sir वेलिंकर and Mr Ni - सरकारी .
Mr Joseph Baptista Sri बप्तिस्ता Sri Govin - बप्तिस्ता Sri Govin Chunder and Sri गोविन्दराव .
The Special Tribunal was constituted to hear three cases against Savarkar .
The first was associated with thirty - eight accused including Savarkar one and the other with Savarkar and Gopalrao . who were co - accused in the first case and the third trial was against Savarkar .
He was charged with eight different charges .
हाथों : . . Joshi . H . R . Kulkarni and the cook of the India House whose hands was accused of sending ब्राउनिंग ब्राउनिंग ब्राउनिंग to India were made public witnesses .
The chief prosecution counsel Mr अभियोक्ता began the case with his speech composed the first day .
The court then decided that Savarkar ' s non - legal arrest at Marseilles did not in any sense interfere with the courts of law .
About three hundred witnesses were examined and several documents were filed .
Most of the witnesses complained to the court that they had given their statements before the magistrate to avoid torture and to protect their relations from harassment by police and not to be authentic .
After the witnesses ' statements the Chief Justice asked Savarkar to hold his case .
सावरकर Savarkar said :
I am innocent of the charges against me .
I took part in the proceedings of the trial in England where courts were formed according to democratic rules supported by the people .
In such courts justice can be expected .
In the Indian economy the situation is opposed .
I am not subject to the jurisdiction of the Indian courts and therefore refuse to make any statement or defend myself . "
The Advocate General made a long speech which lasted for a week .
Though Savarkar ' s name was last in the list he began with Savarkar .
The defence counsel also took nearly a week to give their arguments to several accused .
On the शनिवार day of the protracted trial the judges delivered their judgment on Saturday 23 December 1910 when they took seat there was a deep silence in the court .
The Chief Justice began to deliver sentences from Savarkar .
" Damodar Savarkar the court orders you to transportation for life and forfeiture of all your properties . "
These decisions were ex parte and were based on the पक्ष evidence of the prosecution .
The legality of his arrest on the French soil was of no use in भूमि .
In this trial also Savarkar continued to stand on his own न्यायाधिकार plea and refused to submit to the jurisdiction of the Government of India because it was likely to prejudice his case in the international court .
The second trial began on 23rd January 1911 .
After the Advocate General 's summing up Savarkar was brought to the dock of the court to present his case.
Savarkar reiterated his innocence and said that he had no direct or indirect connection with this crime .
He called upon the court to consider that the sole proof of their so - called involvement was brought before the Tribunal that लंदन Rao had a copy of the leaflet ' बंदे ' which was not clear in London .
So far as the pistol was concerned with the killing of Jackson the पिस्तौल was said to have given no sufficient evidence that Savarkar was the person who had sent twenty Browning pistols .
In spite of vague contradictory and inconsistent evidence of the government witnesses on 30th January 1911 the Tribunal sentenced Savarkar to another transportation for life .
Savarkar could not stand up and said these memorable words :
I am prepared to face this cruel punishment given by your laws without any hatred because I am sure that mere sacrifice and suffering will lead us to a strong motherland but assured one .
The sentence of transportation for two times for a man is remarkable though uncertain though foreign power is ruled over the native people .
These terms were :
" . that Savarkar has to stay in the Ratnagiri district and seek permission from the government to withdraw from the limits of this district .
The international arbitrator ' s decision - making proceedings were hotly debated in the proceedings in the British and anti - British press on grounds of arbitrary imprisonment by the British Government .
The French government demanded the return of Savarkar .
Sir Edward Gray the Foreign Secretary of the British Government was compelled to sign a contract with M . Paul रिपब्लिक the Ambassador of the French Republic where Savarkar ' s decision was transferred to the International Court .
The point of view was that if a criminal run by another country passes to the territory of the territory of another country and without completion of any formalities.
The Hague International Tribunal consisted of M . Graham and Mr हॉलैंड हॉलैंड member of the Second Chamber of हॉलैंड .
M . Louis हेग an eminent juris सदस्य was a permanent member of the Nobel Prize winner and The Hague Tribunal .
My public life began in 1893 in South Africa .
My first contact with the British in that country was not pleasant .
I realised that I had no right as a man and an Indian ; it would be better to say that I had no right as a man because I was an Indian . "
After tracing the sequence of events he said " I believe that I have done a great deal of relief to India and England which through non - co - operation will drive this unnatural state where we are living .
In my humble opinion non - co - operation with evil is as important as cooperation with good .
I want to teach my countrymen that non - co - operation only increases evil and can be sustained only by violence .
Therefore the law of punishment which has been deliberately committed in the eyes of law and the highest responsibility of a citizen in my eyes is to invite you if I have to discharge the sentence of duty consciously or बाधक to you .
The judge and the Advocate General the military officer and the political parties were listening carefully to this memorable statement .
Gandhiji took 15 minutes to read it .
As he was reading it he could feel changing the atmosphere of the room from moment to moment .
Who could perform his duty better .
It was no easy task to reconcile the dignity of his office and the proper decorum with the great prisoner before him .
When he arrived at the end of his decision he could not find words and passed simple imprisonment for six years .
He said " Mr Gandhi you have made my job easier by accepting your offence .
Nevertheless the rest of the work is so hard as the दंड ( दंड ) - determination - LRB - दंड - RRB - which may have been faced by a judge in this country .
Laws do not prejudice people ; yet it is not possible to ignore the fact that you are quite different from any person I have tried or could proceed .
It is not possible to ignore the fact that for millions of your countrymen you are a great patriot and a great leader .
Even those who differ from you in politics regard you as a man of high ideals and noble ideals .
The judge then addressed to the Banker : " I think you were in a considerable measure under the influence of my pioneer .
For you I propose a simple imprisonment of six or six months on the first two counts viz. a total of one year imprisonment and a fine of one thousand rupees on the third count with six months' simple imprisonment .
Gandhiji responded to it and I wish to say one thing .
Since you have given me the honour of recalling the trial of the late Lokmanya Bal Gangadhar Tilak I merely want to say that I am feeling आत्मगौरव and honour in joining him with his name .
As far as the sentence is concerned I am certain that no judge could give me any less sentence than it ; so far as all proceedings are concerned I do not wish much more .
A minute passed after the pronouncement of the decision .
He got up bowed and greeted him and left .
I can now understand that the tiny अस्तबल of the stables in the stable bed - bed of अस्तबल the only parallel in history is the देवदूत of the invincible apostle of freedom who loved humanity and approached the poor .
The most epic event of the modern age soon ended .
It began on March 15 1929 and ended almost four years later .
The trial was conducted on a very wide scale .
The evidence consisted of 25 printed volumes of folio size .
On the whole the prosecution exhibits अभियोग and nearly 20 witnesses were deposed by the defence witnesses .
The decision was printed in two volumes covering 676 pages of folio size .
This historic trial lasted four and a half years and almost all the leadership of communist and trade union movements all over the country .
During the full hearing of the trial most of the accused were refused bail and despite several attempts by the defendants their demand for trial was denied on flimsy grounds .
The Meerut conspiracy case exposed the real face of British imperialism against organised opposition or dissent challenging the political and economic superiority of the Mauryan establishment .
In fact it was a clear attempt to crush the organised labour movements and Marxist influence in India since then all the major industries and professions were ruled by the British .
The period 1928 - 1929 was significant in Indian history as it was the beginning of an organised left - wing movement ( including all economic and political components ) .
The establishment of trade unions enabled the workers to keep their grievances in front of them and to fight for good salary and better working conditions .
Though the Communist Party of India had been active for a long time in India the movement had not been able to achieve anything special .
It was only after 1927 that during 1929 - 29 the communists had made considerable headway in their efforts to build their seats in trade union and labour organisations and found a powerful section of nationalist bourgeoisie .
Even some British citizens were making active contribution to this movement .
Soon the British Government became alarmed and took several legislative and administrative steps to nip the movement .
The most important and repressive measures were the launching of a conspiracy case against prominent leftist workers at Meerut which had greatly influenced the future of the Communist Party of India and the whole communist movement in the country .
The Government of India was in constant touch with the British Government in England in this regard and was being directed to adopt constitutional and punitive measures .
Like trial.
The British Raj could not muster the courage and courage of these freedom fighters nor could they shed their faces when they went to death .
During these trial of Bhagat Singh all established rules and procedures were उडा and when he was convicted a fresh arbitrary method was adopted .
It is not possible to give full account of Bhagat Singh and his associates in the extraordinary adventures of Bhagat Singh and his fellowmen in Delhi in 1928 .
It was a period of unrest in the country when a large section of the population was demanding freedom from British political oppression and economic exploitation .
To assuage Indians ' s feelings Sir Simon came to India in 1928 .
Since there was no representative on the Indian side in this commission Gandhiji called for boycott .
Under the leadership of Lala Lajpat Rai the Punjab took the initiative and sent a peaceful procession to the streets of Lahore on 30 October 1928 .
The procession was led by Lala Lajpat Rai and Bhagat Singh .
Suddenly without any provocation or warning lathi - blows were carried out on the orders of the Superintendent of Police Mr Scott and Assistant Superintendent of Police Mr J. P . Saunders .
There was a strong security in the outer jail compound .
Mr Asaf Ali a leading young lawyer from Delhi appeared in the court on the part of defence while the Crown was represented by the official counsel R . D .
The magistrate was a British judge Mr F. B . Pool .
Apart from lawyers and newspaper representatives Mrs Asaf Ali अलावा Shri Kishan Singh ( Bhagat Singh ) father of Bhagat Singh . Bhagat Singh and two magistrates were present there .
Bhagat Singh and B were brought to the court at eight minutes past ten .
Entering the court Bhagat Singh shouted in a thunderous voice 'Long Live the अदालत and B . Dutt shouted 'Long Live the अदालत .
These slogans created a stir in the court .
The court recorded the shouts and ordered the police to unite the two accused persons .
A newspaper called ने :
After the prosecution witnesses had been examined Bhagat Singh and Dutt of B were asked to make statements which both of them refused to .
" On 8th April 1929 you were present at the Assembly ?
Similarly B . K . Dutt also answered the questions asked by the court and refused to make any statement .
The court then heard the defence counsel who made a masterly speech of 40 minutes taking forward his arguments .
After hearing the pleas of the defence the court tried to hit the accused under Section हत्या of the Indian Penal Code and for the alleged attempt to murder under Section three of the Explosive Substances Act .
The vindictive nature of the punishment may be a preventive or preventive .
In this case both the accused appear to be totally callous about the fact that their activities were not of one but of many individuals who had never touched them in any sense and were not known to them .
The accused have said that they regard human life as a " sacred " .
Their claim is ignored by their actions .
Their attitude has been from the beginning to do what they did is justifiable and valid .
This approach is a testimony to the fact that he did not commit this crime in transient fury but in a deliberate plan .
Keeping this point in view it is possible that whatever he did once he tries to do again .
Therefore from the preventive point of view their offences demand severe punishment .
A person with a criminal mentality can take this example and therefore seek severe punishment from a preventive point of view .
The accused are young men and women but they did so and did preparations for these complicated things .
Sometimes they refused to go to court and were forcibly taken there .
This caused serious legal and practical problems : since the accused were being tried and could not have been tried in their absence .
To tide over these problems the Punjab Government sought relief from the Government of India particularly to get rid of their presence in court .
The Government of India promulgated an ordinance on 1st May 1930 . 3 .
This ordinance entrusted the trial to a Special Tribunal - like trial made by High Court Judges at Lahore in the course of the First World War .
The Tribunal was given special powers to deal with wilful harassment .
It was stated that all cases pending against the 24 persons in the court of Lahore against the first - class magistrate of Rai Sahib Pandit Sri Krishna would be conducted by a Tribunal constituted under Section 4 .
The Chief Justice of the High Court for the said cases would constitute a Tribunal with three persons who at that time be the assistant or in charge of the High Court .
The Chief Justice of the High Court consists of a member of the Tribunal and the Tribunal shall give power to any person convicted by him for a crime legally authorized by him .
Even if death sentence is passed it would not require the approval of the High Court under the Code of Criminal Procedure .
If an accused deliberately सामने before the Tribunal or सामने him in front of him or continues to undergo a उपद्रवी behaviour in his presence or in spite of criminal absent - के in that case the accused could continue in that case .
The decision of the Tribunal was final and conclusive and cannot be appealed to any order or sentence of the court under any law under the provisions of the Code of Justice or any other Judicial के
Moreover the High Court had no right to reconsider such order or to दंड that case or to transfer it from the Tribunal ; or to any other order under Section आपराधिक of the आपराधिक or आपराधिक to take any such action .
It was an extraordinary proceeding and the result was a foregone conclusion .
The Lahore conspiracy trial was held in Poonch House at Lahore and the Special Tribunal launched its proceedings on 5 May 1930 under the presidentship of Mr Justice J . आगा .
The proceedings started at 11 o 'clock in the morning .
The revolutionaries were brought into the court at ten minutes .
According to contemporary documents he made revolutionary slogans for some time and then for eight minutes a revolutionary song . "
As in the previous trial of his Assembly bomb trial in Delhi Bhagat Singh declined to perform a legal counsel for his defence as he considered the case to be a sham one .
You know my views in the political field are very different from you .
I have been working independently without your consent or consent . "
As was known to everybody the court found Bhagat Singh and his comrades guilty.
In the findings of the court there were three kinds of evidence against Bhagat Singh :
The decision of the trial was pronounced on 7th October 1930 : " In this deliberate and cowardly murder his participation in the murder and his position as a chief leader of the conspiracy he is sentenced to be hanged .
The rest were sentenced to transportation for life .
He will not be satisfied with this puppet parliament at Delhi which has been built by the sham at Westminster .
Nor will they recognise the sovereignty of the British Empire even if one day it may be exercised by an Indian Viceroy .
We will not put our Constitution at any Round Table Conference in London but here we will prepare a struggle for independence with the claim of our right to vote in India .
The British Empire is करने to deprive us of this inalienable right .
So the only way to establish a constitutional government in India is to go about a revolutionary war against the British emperor who captured the power of India .
He dealt with imperialism the national revolution agrarian revolution and their relations with communist parties .
It is a pity that he was not permitted to read his defence in the court .
If allowed it would have received wide publicity and the attention of the people around the world would be drawn to it .
The trial ended on 6th January 1932 and the judgment was pronounced on 9th January 1932 .
In his statement before the Sessions Court the appellant relied upon the principles of अपीलकर्ता and अपीलकर्ता and claimed that they were allowed to attempt the removal of a government through violence .
The writings of Hume and Bentham are quite irrelevant to the present issue however weighty the opinion of these philosophers may be in academic matters .
Having decided to go beyond the stage of the theoretical discussion it was necessary that the appellant should not only respect the attractive doctrines of political philosophers but should also take into consideration the mundane issues of streams and facts .
This court has no concern with the claims of the appellant or the justification of his political views but the court may take notice of the fact that he possessed certain ideas and attitudes .
After the knowledge that the appellant considered the moral sanction of the force and it is not possible to put its activities in a fair measure or to make it clear from 1921 to 1924 . "
After all considering the evidence the judge decided that under Section 121 - A of the Indian Penal Code M . N . Roy was found guilty of the charge but still his sentence was reduced to six years imprisonment .
M. N. Roy was kept in prison since his arrest in 1931 .
He had been unwell in prison and was practically in solitary confinement .
By the time the appeal was decided on 2nd May 1933 most of his friends had left him .
He had to prepare himself for further appeal to Privy Council .
All efforts were made to free him and papers were sent to Dr जर्मनी in Germany who had to seek services from a barrister in London .
Sir Stafford Cripps agreed to see the papers to file an appeal to the Privy Council .
He held that it would be futile to expect any relief from the Privy Council .
He said that the unfavourable verdict of the Privy Council could not only harm their case but also make a bad case in England .
However Roy was of the opinion that as far as India was concerned the situation would not be reversed by the adverse decision of the Privy Council though a favourable decision would be highly advantageous .
In his opinion it is quite far - reaching to give possible bases to the British that is too remote to overcome the immediate advantages of a favourable decision . "
Although Roy wrote a number of letters to express his opinion he entrusted the responsibility of taking up the decision to the counsel in England and unfortunately there were many reasons why no appeal was lost in the meanwhile .
Thus the trial ended with the judgment of the Allahabad High Court .
Thus ended the trial which started with the arrest of N . B . R . D . S . S . उस्मानी M . Ahmad and S . A . की .
There can be no two opinions that the British rulers made every possible effort to curb any organised movement whether communist or nationalist , because they were in danger to their capitalist interests .
Roy was an international personality a legendary revolutionary .
His defence defence was well - known in the बचावनामा case as that of के के .
His arguments and research were subsequently used in the trials of आई and Sheikh Abdullah .
It aimed at a decisive attack on foreign rule in India and making it independent .
In the middle of 1945 after the bombing of Hiroshima in Japan the resistance of the Axis powers broke.
The Japanese army surrendered and with it also the officers and soldiers of the Indian National Army .
On 18th August 1945 Netaji died in an air accident in an air accident and the death of Japan changed the course of history .
Some were killed and some were meted out severe punishment and most other officers and soldiers were brought to India .
The government wanted to treat them as देशद्रोहियों and punish them .
But after the end of the war the political situation in the country had undergone considerable change .
The British had already realised that they had to go and that because of the fear of Indian सैनिकों they had decided not to be treated as बागियों and बागियों by the INA and some of the INA .
At any time it was not proper to treat them so व्यवहार but at that time when India stands on the verge of change it would be a mistake to treat them like ordinary rebels and far - reaching consequences .
Subhas Chandra Bose therefore decided that it would be wise to prosecute his case before the public and the world.
He was also advised to withdraw charges from the violation of oath of sedition and की .
For the benefit of the court the Judge Advocate fairly summed up the case viz. the prosecution and the defence .
It was claimed that all the charges had been proved and the rules of International Law relating to war were not applicable to the officers of the Indian Army and were loyal to the king .
The defence party finally proved the following facts :
On the basis of these facts the defence contended that in view of the circumstances under which it was formed the Government was entitled to war for the freedom of his country .
If such a government has the right to fight युद्ध a right which is acceptable and acceptable to all nations - under the युद्ध law two independent countries or two states can fight against one another and prevent the action of the war .
The defence contended that modern International Law has recognised the right to fight for its liberation by unite the subject races .
In the event of the accused being found guilty in the charge of laying the war the court is obliged to punish the accused against transportation of life or death of death - no lesser sentence exists under the युद्ध law .
The court appoints the three accused to undergo a life sentence of dismissal and forfeiture of all salary and arrears .
No finding or sentence of military court is complete until confirmed.
The confirming officer in the Commander - in - Chief is also satisfied with the findings of this court and पुष्टिकरण them in conformity with evidence .
The confirming officer however has a right to revoke सजा and remit .
As has been said in the Press the policy of the Government of India in the future is that only such persons are accused such as those who have been convicted and acted upon with great responsibility even at the time of waging war against the King .
The Commander - in - Chief has held that the sentence of punishment should be dealt with by the three accused and that the sentence of transportation for life would be withdrawn .
However he has retained the sentence of dismissal of his job and forfeiture of arrears of pay and allowances since war against the state is a serious offense almost every moment .
To adhere to this principle is essential for the stability of any government established in the present or future .
It was more difficult for the defence counsel to treat such a tribunal .
He had to explain the complicated questions of international law in such a simple language that a judge in front of him could well understand a person who had learned and common knowledge .
For this purpose Mr Desai used his penetrating intellect and his persuasive eloquence .
No person reading his defence can be unaware of the proper use of an enlightened and great lawyer .
This was the final trial imposed by the British Government on Indian patriots .
While Bahadur Shah ' s first trial was an example of British injustice the final trial represented justice and impartiality .
Sheikh Muhammad Abdullah was born on 5th December 1905 in a suburb of Srinagar .
Two weeks before his birth his father had left behind a widow . six sons and two daughters .
The whole family was पश्मीना with a simple cloth made up of शाल .
Sheikh Abdullah passed his Matriculation from the Government High School Srinagar and in 1930 from the Aligarh Muslim University passed away in Physics .
Sheikh Abdullah ' s early life was influenced by Islamic education and history through his most devout mother and elder brother .
Poet Iqbal also influenced him greatly .
After entering politics he was impressed by the ideas of Gandhi , Azad हुए Nehru and the AH brothers .
In 1930 Sheikh Abdullah founded the ' मुस्लिम ' Muslim Association to demand better representation of Muslims in government jobs .
Later he took up a job in the Government High School Srinagar as a science teacher but his political activities continued because he was soon dismissed .
He got the first political identity - when he was included in a committee of seven prominent Kashmiri Muslims - LRB - which was shot by the police at the time of Abdul Qadir ' s case . This committee was instituted against the incident .
Sheikh Abdullah was first arrested on 21st September 1931 .
He was elected president of the " Muslim Conference held in October 1932 .
In early 1939 it was transformed into the " National Conference of which he was President by 1953 except for 1942 and 1944 .
In May 1946 he was sentenced to 9 years of imprisonment for challenging the rights of the Maharaja on India . Movement and Kashmir .
On 29 September 1947 after his release from jail he declared that the future of his state would not be ruled but the people would .
Sheikh Abdullah organised the people to resist छापामारों and mobilising public opinion in India .
On 31 October 1947 he was elected President of the Emergency Administration and on 5 March 1948 the Prime Minister of the state .
In June 1949 he joined the Constituent Assembly of India .
He was one of the signatories to the Constitution and some misunderstanding between the Indian leaders and Sheikh Abdullah had been arrested on 9th August 1953 as he was suspected of separating Kashmir from India .
He played the role of a mediator between India and Pakistan on Kashmir dispute but his approach to Kashmir ' s association with India was very complex .
His राजनीति contradictory pronouncements made him suspect in Indian political circles as well as among a large section of the कश्मीरियों .
On 27 May 1964 the process of negotiations ended with Nehru ' s death .
Sheikh Abdullah was returning to India on 8th May 1965 for his activities abroad and his alliance with the enemy of India .
Sheikh Abdullah was the highest political figure in Kashmir because of his कैद long - lasting कैद and fearlessness . extraordinary डील and six feet high on account of his high - profile डील .
Sheikh Muhammad Abdullah a Tiger trial ( 1946 ) Where the law is not based on the will of the people it is the suppression of their aspirations .
Such law may be imposed for some time and does not hold any moral validity .
More than this there is a law that represents the will of the people a tribunal of the conscience of man who sees not the arbitrary will of the ruling classes but of the rulers .
The movement had not been confined to British India but spread over the entire subcontinent including the princely states where the people had no better than the people .
The Indian National Congress was mainly engaged in trying to get freedom from British rule in India though organisations like the Praja Mandal . National Congress were moving in order to attain freedom from monarchical rule .
The Amritsar Treaty set up the Dogra dynasty on Kashmir under the Treaty of Amritsar in 1846 whereby the British had sold Kashmir to Maharaja Gulab Singh for a paltry sum of Rs 50 lakhs .
Since then the Maharajas were ruling the people of Kashmir as their personal property .
The Independence Movement in Kashmir was started by Sheikh Muhammad Abdullah . Pandit बजाज and others in the direction of Mahatma Gandhi and Jawahar Lal Nehru and the movement had already come to a standstill.
After the end of the Second World War in 1946 when a Cabinet Mission headed by Lord लार्ड Lawrence came to India Sheikh Abdullah placed before it the rights of Kashmir and its people and their independence .
He said :
Since the mission is presently संबंधों the relations of the Nawabs with the sovereign power in terms of the treaty rights : We want to say that it was a very serious issue for us in Kashmir which the Indians had previously acquired a hundred years .
The then Governor of Kashmir resisted transfer but with the help of the British their voice was suppressed .
Rapid industrialisation has led to poor air quality .
The wide use of coal and fossil fuels in industry and petroleum fuel in जीवाश्म has aggravated the air pollution problem.
Our atmosphere seems to be a waste - material in which dust is poisoned fumes toxic gases and other pollutants are फेंके .
In Russia a chemical manufacturing unit near Leo एस्टेट has been discharging chemical vapours and fumes into the air for years .
As a result oak and जंगल of this famous tourist area are deteriorating .
India is not free from air pollution though the number of vehicles in our country is still small .
Air pollution is increasing in our cities and our cities are no less dangerous than that of London or New York .
It is reported that about 25 per cent of students in Greater Calcutta are susceptible to tuberculosis mainly due to increasing air pollution .
The increase in population and the increase of industries as well as the increase in water pollution ( as per the latest estimates ) is estimated that the population of the country is around 85 million and is expected to cross billion by the end of the century .
Since sewage and sewage have since been disposed into the rivers water pollution is becoming dangerous .
The rivers which were regarded as sacred have now become dirty and बदबूदार .
It is a pity that three - fourths of our country ' s population is forced to drink dirty water and without thinking it has been a source of deep concern not only for human life but also of water .
Indian beaches are still not as dirty as compared to the beaches of other countries .
Inorganic phosphates and पोटाश been used in the field .
These phosphates and nitrates are stored in the mouths of lakes and rivers and result in large quantities of algae growing at places far away from which the whole water is discharged from the algae and all the oxygen products disappear .
Besides fertilisers a variety of उर्वरकों insecticides and insecticides are also used .
These substances are गंदा by surface water and groundwater .
Because of the excess of फ्लुओराइड the plants are ever seen धूल the dust of fluoride and gaseous फ्लुओराइड accumulate on the leaves of plants and occasionally over 30 inches .
The leaves of plants present in the air such as apples वायु apricot fig फ्लुओराइड peach बुखारा and citrus fruits are damaged .
The fog from ozone , nitrates and other light - LRB - धुंध - RRB - causes early maturity to kill plants .
The leaves of some trees when exposed to the air filled by ozone fall on the upper surface of the leaves .
ओजोन can be seen on the diseases caused by ozone in the citrus family and tobacco .
Other gaseous pollutants also cause damage to plants .
Ammonia and hydrogen sulphide are also poisonous to plants .
Studies on the effects of air pollution provide information on the chemical nature of air pollutants .
The day is not far off when some of the plant species will be used as alarm signals to the effect of pollutants on human health .
The ozone layer is very important to the earth as it acts as a cover and prevents ultraviolet radiations from the sun to reach the earth .
Until 1987 the ozone layer was not of much concern .
But since the detection of a hole in the ozone layer in the earth ' s stratosphere scientists have been considering it seriously .
Since then the hole has gone up considerably and it is possible that it now covers an area of the United States .
After the discovery of another hole in the ozone layer by Canadian scientists the concern of the scientists increased
These holes drift according to climatic conditions .
Not only holes but also thinning of the ozone layer over the entire surface .
How are these holes in the ozone layer ?
What is the reason why ozone layer is thin ?
These are probably due to the use of chlorofluorocarbons क्लोरोफ्लोरोकार्बन worldwide as फोम क्लोरोफ्लोरोकार्बन क्लोरोफ्लोरोकार्बन aerosol sprays and plastic फोम .
Rather it is necessary to ensure that the equipments controlling air pollution are operated continuously and properly .
For the safety of human health the power stations the power stations the power plants the power - generating industry or any other industry which discharges heavy smoke and toxic fumes should always be installed away from the human population .
The trees have the ability to absorb carbon dioxide and thus help reduce the atmospheric carbon dioxide content ; and maintain proper consistency of gases .
A number of techniques have been developed to control automobile emissions such as वाहनों - up वाहनों धुएं Reactors and इंजन .
धुएं - up makes significant effects on emission compounds.
For example high air and fuel ratio will reduce the concentrations of both carbon dioxide and hydrocarbons.
The catalytic reactor कार्बन toxic carbon monoxide to innocuous carbon dioxide thereby reducing the nitrogen oxides to nitrogen .
Engine modifications have some special advantages .
In the modified engine a wide flame is produced to burn the fuel .
Extensive research is being carried out to produce प्रदूषणमुक्त engines .
The main effects are the nerve के damage to many organs of the body with genetic disorders .
A catastrophe of pollution occurred in London in December 1952 .
Throughout the city for four days fog faded and many people died .
From the death records it was discovered that more than 4 000 deaths took place during the same year and over 4 000 deaths in the following week .
Further studies showed a marked correlation between excess atmospheric concentrations of smoke and sulphur dioxide and mortality.
The first week of December 1930 before the London environment met with an accident in the बेल्जियम Valley of Belgium . This accident was caused by smoke and other धुएं from nearby industrial plants .
The report stated that many people had complained of respiratory problems and that the death rate was about ten times the death rate during ordinary circumstances .
In October 1948 there was a terrible catastrophe in the most industrialised region of अमेरिका - अमेरिका USA .
The weather was extraordinarily ठहरा and the air was almost static .
There were 17 मौतें in one area and only 2 deaths were caused by the normal conditions .
In मेक्सिको Rica in Mexico an industrial accident took place in a refinery in November 1950 .
The entire area of Los Angeles was affected for some time by excess of air pollutants which caused irritation of the eyes nose and throat .
A peculiar malady from 1924 to 1927 afflicted fishermen along the east coast of प्रूसिया near the Baltic Sea .
The disease was given the name रोग रोग because it afflicted the people of the थे community .
The disease had become मांसपेशियों in people ' s muscles and was suffering from anaemia as is the result of a toxic gas .
We all know about the rains that shower water .
But have you ever heard about the rainy season in which acid is अम्ल ?
Of course this is a new phenomenon which has been visible in different parts of the world for the past three decades and there are many industries at the same spot and there are a large number of vehicles .
The pure water of the rainy season reacts with the oxides of sulphur and nitrogen to the earth .
Of course these industries where coal and oil are fired produce from automobile fumes .
Thus it is proved that acid rain is caused by industrial activities that pollute the air .
The major sources are the power stations where coal is burnt for power generation .
Most of the coal contain कोयले which changes to sulphur dioxide when coal is burnt .
Why are the environmental scientists so worried about acid rains ?
For it is a global crisis ; the vast part of the northern hemisphere of the world it has now turned its way into the industrial areas of the southern hemisphere and does not seem to have been lost by the old of our monuments .
पानी or पानी of water is measured on pH scale .
As already indicated rain water is less than 7 .
What then is the ordinary rain - water वर्षा and then the same acid rain falls on the earth ?
This change comes from industries due to gases ( oxides of sulphur ) and automobile fumes ( oxides of nitrogen ) .
These gases react under the influence of तनु catalysts and sun ' s radiation before dissolving in water droplets and ice crystals .
This acid solution falls on the earth as rain - fed snow hail dew and fog .
A peculiarity of acid rain is that the causative agents are emitted at different places and acid rain falls elsewhere .
The pollutants released in one country enter the atmosphere at वर्षा thousands of kilometres along with the air and fall into the ground of acid rain .
For example the pollutants released in England and Germany were deposited in Sweden and Norway as acid rains .
Though Canada releases less of pollutant gases in comparison to US acid rain is still higher in Canada .
Rainfall has no national boundaries and unlike other pollutants acid rain is a global phenomenon .
Since the advent of the industrial revolution in the eighteenth century man was engaged in discovering varied sources of energy for manufacturing varied types .
In the end coal and fuel have to be burnt and the sulphur contained in the fuel gets converted to acid dioxide - which is the most released in this century .
The problem of acid rain started in the early fifties .
To reduce the amount of smoke emitted in the atmosphere the use of gas गैस was introduced to reduce the burning of coal in thermal power stations and to अलग the emissions from coal .
The new power stations were installed far away from the cities and high सल्फर ( more than 150 metres ) were often high - सांद्रता so that the sulphur dioxide released would spread far and not reach the ground .
Being in the air for a long time excess of sulphur dioxide it is converted into sulphuric acid .
A recent survey indicates that about 15 million tonnes of sulphur dioxide are discharged into the atmosphere each year and converted into sulphuric acid .
Two - thirds of acid rain is due to sulphuric acid .
About one - third of the acid rains are due to nitric acid which reacts with the oxides of nitrogen emitted by motor vehicles to form nitric acid .
It is estimated that about 4 million tonnes of nitrogen are released in the atmosphere every year .
Most seriously affected is the part of the earth starting from western New York east from पूरब to north कैरोलाइना .
According to a report acid rain has affected the यैलोस्टोन National Park in the forests of कोलोरैडो .
Thirty years ago there was a dense forest.
Some of these trees are 30 metres high and some centuries old .
It is sad that most of these trees are dying turning into barren hills .
Similar developments are taking place in many other countries of the northern hemisphere like West Germany .
According to one report alone in central Europe more than 50 million square metres of forest have been destroyed .
About 20 per cent of the United States lakes have become barren but बंजर .
Who is responsible for the existence of these lakes ?
Of course वर्षा acid rain .
It is known that trout and salmon have been reduced in many lakes and rivers of Scandinavia and Canada .
When the pH lower than से acidity increases ( अम्लीयता ) the fish cannot breed .
The accumulation of aluminium compounds in their सांस may cause respiratory problems .
When the pH of water becomes so low that it becomes acidic aluminium compounds are formed by dissolving the contents of the water .
At the same time the variety of plants that grow in water also decreases .
Larger plants such as लिली may disappear.
It is known for many years that metals like steel and copper in polluted air are fast injurious .
इसलिए is also attacked by acids and stone structures and statues are being damaged in many cities .
One of the seven wonders of the world Taj Mahal is also found in stone पत्थरों by acid fumes emitted in Mathura near Agra .
The six marble maidens built by Greek sculptor . in the 5th century B. C. the women pillar or marble statues which were carved in Greek capital एथन्स for 2500 years .
But in 1977 they were removed and placed in the museum .
The reason is acid rain .
In Britain too there has been a substantial loss of acid rains which are evident from the decay of historic buildings in Oxford and London .
Acid rain has given a new dimension to international problems .
However there is a need for constant vigil over the country as cities like Bombay कलकत्ता Calcutta and Delhi have high concentrations of sulphur dioxide .
Prevention and Control of Acid Rain Control of acid deposition is not so easy as it is guided by a variety of standard activities but should not be taken out of control so that steps should be adopted.
power stations that use coal as कोयले should use low sulphur coals
The engines should be well tuned so as to reduce the emission of gases from fumes .
These insects are used for feeding on animals such as rats mice जीव फफूंद फफूंद फफूंद etc. which compete with man for food and give protection to animals and plants and animals .
Chemicals and other substances used to control पीडकों are known as है .
तो crops are protected by pests or pests but they also affect men and livestock.
About 1000 types of किसान are being used by farmers gardeners / माली gardeners / माली gardeners / माली gardeners / माली and shops .
जैव compounds are organic compounds and live there for long periods .
For many years there was no idea of the injurious effects of थी .
It was discovered in 1950 when scientists from the USA suddenly observed that the species of birds - LRB - particularly those of eagles चीलों and चीलों - RRB - had been reduced to fish .
Careful observation showed that these birds could only lay thin - shelled eggs .
A strange phenomenon that could be seen was the effect of birds in places where DDT was not छिडकाव .
Over the years it has been proved that since DDT is not biodegradable it continues to exist years of change and reaches out to distant parts of the earth and the sea .
And even in Antarctica ( where there is no possibility of DDT access ) there are evidences of DDT in the body .
DDT accumulates in the human body .
But it is still not known at what extent this accumulation of DNA in the body becomes harmful .
A survey conducted in 1989 - 90 indicated that about 600 people died and thousands of people were crippled .
In the जिले district of Karnataka people were crippled due to the presence of पीडकनाशियों .
Besides the decline in the number of natural enemies of Andhra Pradesh led to a large number of new varieties of की .
Before any serious catastrophe occurs we must find a solution to the problem of युद्ध at the war level because India is the largest producer and user of युद्ध in South - Asia .
Recent investigations reveal that our country uses 2 per cent of the world ' s pesticide poisoning events all over the world .
Further many of the toxic substances which are still being used here are banned in developed countries due to their high toxicity and कैंसरजनक properties .
Some of the measures taken to avoid pollution caused by पीडकनाशियों are :
Allow farmers to use किसानों at least .
Use selective and relatively safe chemicals .
Accelerate research in biotechnology
Biological control of परजीवियों and use new parasites and predators as enemies of परजीवियों .
Encourage use of neem products like पौधों . from plants .
Use artificial बांझ to attract insects and make them sterile .
Find more efficient mechanical devices in addition to the mechanical devices used at present .
Above all scientists will need to take greater interest in developing new varieties of crops with a capacity to resist के .
Nature has had centuries to shape the world .
He has given us a variety of materials to live and enjoy .
But man wants to destroy the world in this century .
He is depleting every available resource rapidly . the water courses causing अपंग and पानी .
Indeed our planet is the only planet where 70 per cent is water and the rest of the earth .
But the only 30 per cent of this planet earth is living in a crisis because of its negligence to the environment and the fact that it is being poisoned .
It is not a बाज in its policy of destruction .
The activities of man ( in the name of progress ) and to convince them of their influence on the priceless gifts of nature .
The important pollutants that damage our water resources are industrial effluents sewage and कृषिजनित waste .
In this chapter we shall discuss the problems of industrial effluents urban and agricultural pollution .
It is assumed that rivers and ponds are the right places to dump wastes .
Industrial activities produce a variety of waste products and are often discharged into the surrounding water .
All the industries that have been deployed in the past four decades are the products of a variety of wastes .
Some of these wastes are poisonous ; some of them continue to affect themselves for long periods of अपशिष्ट and many अशिष्ट which have no knowledge about them .
As technology is evolving newer types of wastes are generated .
It is becoming very difficult to prevent chemical pollutants .
The industry uses more than 66,000 compounds that have been tested for trial of less than 2 per cent .
For instance the हालैंड river in Holland is known as the यूरोप of Europe .
When this river reaches the coast of हालैंड it has become 20 per cent sewage and industrial effluents .
Inorganic wastes.
Organic compounds are also very large parts of industrial pollution .
The table below gives information on the waste generated from different industries .
Table - 2 Industries ( 2 ) types of effluents ) .
Main component of industry waste.
अम्ल
सल्फाइड
वस्त्र
अम्ल
ग्रीस
Biological pollutants include bacteria . viruses plants and animals .
The pollutants have their effect on human health and fish .
Both organic and inorganic acids are discharged into rivers in the form of industrial wastes .
Ammonia acts as a poison when fish enters the body .
The presence of excess amount of free chlorine in water is undesirable as it is an acute inflammation .
The foul smelling from hydrogen sulphide can be felt at close to rivers and water streams .
Even the pH content of hydrogen sulphide in the water is सडे acid .
Replacement of coal by oil has aggravated the problem of pollution .
Oil spreads over the water surface and creates a barrier to the passage of oxygen.
It is found that oil covers the fish सांस and affects the breathing process .
Waves and air currents push the oil to the shore of the ocean and make bathing or swimming impossible .
Out of them nearly मर have died and those who are unfortunate have attained permanent disability .
The disease did not even leave children in the mother ' s womb .
In some situations in the aquatic environment most of the inorganic mercury मरकरी are converted into methyl mercury .
Fish can absorb methyl mercury directly from their gills or eat it by absorbing microscopic plants and animals that live in water .
The food intake of these plants and जंतुओ leads to methyl mercury शरीर .
When the big fishes feed on these small fishes the quantity of mercury in their body increases thereby causing millions of times more than the water around them .
Mercury enters into the brain and causes harm .
Accumulation of mercury in the body also causes kidney damage and birth defects affecting the foetus in the pregnant woman .
भी can also affect liver function and cause diabetes and high blood pressure .
Cadmium ranks next to mercury in poisoning .
The principal contributor of cadmium is the industry .
Cadmium deposits in the liver and thyroid and causes high blood pressure उच्चरक्तचाप arthritis nausea vomiting and diarrhoea .
Cadmium tends to be absorbed by suspended particles and settles to the bottom of the water .
For this reason even in polluted rivers the cadmium levels are not known ; but can still be serious .
The name हड्डियां - हड्डियों - हड्डियों - हड्डियों - हड्डियों - हड्डियों - हड्डियों - हड्डियों was found in the bones because the soft bones of the bones in the disease are often crushed .
So far the toxic effects of arsenic on humans are not known .
Since the tissues build up a tolerance to arsenic death takes place only after the excess.
इसलिए enters water courses via the discharge of effluents and through the use of अपशिष्टों and अपशिष्टों thus affecting the process of heredity .
It is a cumulative potent दस्त poison that leads to diseases such as diarrhoea दस्त peripheral दस्त दस्त नेत्र eyes त्वचा and hypertension and skin cancer .
The symptoms of metal - poisoning are evident much later .
In the present circumstances of India these symptoms will be mistaken for poverty .
It also gets into the supply of water by means of faster plastic pipes and lead compounds .
Both lead and arsenic damage the chromosomes thus interfering with the process of inheritance .
Lead above 40 रक्त per 100 gm of blood causes brain damage in children ' s blood .
In 1977 a number of cows were killed in the गांव village of Andhra Pradesh .
The temperature of water is considered to be the prime property of the environment as it affects the concentration of dissolved oxygen in the water the rate of biochemical reactions and the physical activity of aquatic life .
Most of the species of fish can adapt themselves to the temperature of water . If the temperature changes gradually .
Sharp changes in temperature such as sudden rise in temperature or decrease are often harmful .
The temperature changes affect not only fish but all aquatic ecology .
If the temperature changes affect the types and number of small micro - organisms then the fish may not get adequate feed .
The activity of pathogenic microorganisms can rise at high temperatures and become more dangerous .
Similarly if one or two species disappear the ecosystem may not have sufficient diversity to compensate the damage .
Sewage Pollutants in Water and Water pollution have been a problem since we have started disposing sewage into our rivers and other water courses .
Over the past fifty years the problem has assumed serious dimensions particularly because of increased pollution .
Plastic शुद्धिकरण is a substance that the ocean cannot destroy them by its natural purification process .
से and fish swallow plastic as edible material swallow them with घुटने and swallowing .
In 1986 the US Academy of Sciences noted that the world ' s merchant ships dump at least 6. 6 tonnes of trash .
In 1972 nations including the USA agreed to ban dumping plastic into the oceans .
But the agreement did not consider the dumping of ordinary wastes which contain a large number of plastic items .
The developed countries were also conscious of the pollution in the 1950s when the इंग्लैंड river in England became highly polluted and barren .
We have not learnt any lesson from such disasters and continue dumping into the rivers without thinking .
As a result the rivers which we consider holy are no longer the same but are filled with pollutants which are not suitable for drinking water and other purposes .
During passing through Allahabad इलाहाबाद Kanpur वाराणसी Lucknow वाराणसी Varanasi वाराणसी Monghyr वाराणसी भागलपुर भागलपुर Bhagalpur भागलपुर Farakka and भागलपुर there is a lot of untreated sewage and industrial effluents .
By bathing lakhs of people on their way the Ganga gets more polluted .
Dead bodies and carcasses floating over its surface .
It is estimated that about 30,000 bodies are burnt on the banks of the Ganga every year .
राख and लाशें ( or without जली ) bodies are discharged into the river लाशें which make it a mere drain or लाशें .
It originates from the western Ghats in Karnataka and passes through about 800 km through इरोड Erode and त्रिची in Tamil Nadu and many chemicals in these areas are रसायन by रसायन
Everyday about 11 million litres of industries fall into the Cauvery .
In Tamil Nadu there are about 400 tanneries of which 260 units are located in the North Arcot district .
In the early years of this century the city of Calcutta का and parks was known .
But in the city water and air pollution has risen to the extent that the World Health Organization in 1956 has given it the world ' s गंदा city .
However for cleansing the Hooghly river for some years the Ganga Action Plan is being implemented and as per a 1991 report 65 projects were completed and about 8.3 million litres of sewage was being treated every day .
Shri M . कलकत्ता writes about the quantum of pollution in Calcutta : " By crossing the limits of air - water and noise pollution in Calcutta the city has been able to survive in the year 2000 .
The water pollution caused by industrial wastes has led to rise in the incidence of जठरांत्र diseases .
Nearly half of the population of Calcutta lives in झोंपडपट्टियों and water pollution has caused rise in mortality among these settlements .
The condition of some of the important lakes in India is no better .
हैदराबाद Lake , a major source of drinking water in Hyderabad has lost its pristine beauty today and has become a पानी of water .
The divers who went to search for the submerged statue found that the water of the lake was too green to see their palms .
In this water the sewage of Hyderabad and the small - scale industries in the vicinity.
In addition during the Ganesh Chaturthi festival every year the parts of plaster of पेरिस made of plaster of Paris have added to the problem .
However the Andhra Pradesh Pollution Control Board has recently woken up to ban such विसर्जन .
The Dal Lake in Jammu and Kashmir is full of खर .
This is a recent phenomenon caused by tourists who throw away their left - overs of food into the lake .
With this discarded food the water has grown पतवार in the lake which has greatly weakened the condition of the lake .
The पूर्वी Lake in Eastern India is a world - wide sanctuary .
It is in a serious crisis and may dry up soon .
से of forests and severe soil erosion have led to heavy siltation of the lake .
Experts say that if the lake is not गाद it will soon become a field .
Renuka a picturesque lake in Himachal Pradesh has a variety of fish . tortoise and घडियाल .
According to one report heavy siltation due to mining operations and high - yielding elephant grasses have been increased .
The beautiful Chilka Lake in Orissa is choked with vegetation and needs to be attended by war - standards .
Prevention and Control of Water Pollution The main contributors to water pollution are industrial effluents and sewage .
This is the right time for speedy action to avert any major accident .
The waste treatment system should be adopted as part of अपशिष्ट .
Also some of the following steps can be taken :
The modernisation process will be of great advantage in adopting new techniques that do not require water .
All sewage treatment facility is available only in 8 towns and cities in our country .
The rest of the towns and cities have no such facility which is increasing water - borne diseases and epidemics .
Treatment of sewage alone is not a way of preventing pollution .
Every citizen has to realise that pollution starts from his house .
Vegetables थैलों Paper waste foods plastic and such other items should not be thrown in open drains but disposed of in paper bags and disposed off in bins kept in the streets by the local bodies for कागज .
The elixir of life is a priceless commodity and should not be wasted .
Without water there is no life on earth .
After the discovery of oil it became the prime fuel in all fields .
Unfortunately this fuel is not available in all parts of the world .
Most countries import oil from the oil - producing countries ; therefore millions of tonnes of oil is transported every day .
Since transportation by road or by air is not feasible oil is transported by ships.
To meet the global requirements ships carry oil from one place to another .
The main routes are across the Arabian Sea .
These maritime accidents are mainly due to grounding collision fire or explosion resulting in death from ships .
The first such accident took place in 1967 .
If a heap of these hills is piled up a hill will become .
Our consumer society emits substantial amounts of solid wastes from houses every day .
According to an assessment about 10 billion tonnes of solid wastes are produced every year in the world and if all these wastes are piled together a mountain becomes as high as the Everest .
The problem of solid wastes in the United States of America is the most serious .
The debris from the houses in the United States is estimated to be about 7 lakh metric tonnes per day by mixing commercial waste industrial effluents and construction industries .
These solid wastes have become an integral part of our life .
There is no need to say that these wastes are जमीन our ground and spoil the beauty of the surroundings .
Any unwanted or अनचाहा material produced by our daily activities is known as solid waste .
These include trash wastes ( kitchen wastes and waste - food items घरों paper बोतलें glass bottles . metal containers घरों plastic fibres घरों from house fuels घरों and घरों debris from the garbage - lined streets .
This solves the problem of disposal of wastes and also provides some funding including the cost of collection and transportation of ढुलाई .
The use of wastes as raw material in the manufacture of new products is known as कचरे .
The two distinct advantages are : 1 : the conservation of current natural resources : for example the production of one tonne of paper saves seventeen distinct trees from the construction of paper .
Similarly a variety of plastic substances are produced from a variety of material .
The biological method of decomposing the organic matter under aerobic conditions .
This compost is rich in manure .
Now dung is used for making bio - gas .
After use the dung - slurry can be used as manure .
Conversion of energy from waste to energy in the world has become one of the largest plants in the world with a capacity of 68 MW per week in the country .
But we are not able to make electricity .
However a plant is installed to produce a burning जलाने in Mumbai where it is processed before burning it .
The plant is expected to produce about 80 tonnes of fuel pellets per day .
These घरों can also be used as fuel in industry and home .
If the plant succeeded the other sites would set up plants producing energy from the कूडे .
In India and all the methods land कचरे is considered to be the cheapest and most effective method of settling solid wastes .
It is specially useful for filling the lower areas around the city .
Before this method the garbage is dumped in a pits and mud is sprinkled .
A flat - floor ground park can be conveniently utilised for parks जमीन sports and other light activities .
This method should not be used in areas where water levels are high as groundwater can be contaminated .
The waste products from metal extraction industries can be used to bridge mines and open mines and thus जमीन the land.
राख and ताप are some other methods used in some places .
राख ash means to turn the waste into a part which is not harmful to health .
आक्सीजन is known as ताप in the absence of oxygen .
However these methods are not used very much because the ash produced by these methods is a nuisance and disposal becomes a problem .
It is the duty of every citizen to keep the city clean and the suggestions suggested can be useful to achieve this goal .
Some elements and their particles are capable of ऊर्जा themselves and releasing energy in the form of radiation .
This radiation is not visible to our eyes but it can damage us greatly by entering our body .
On 6 August 1945 the first atomic bomb was dropped in Japan .
The garbage produced by nuclear power plants does not produce any bad odour nor do they produce any harmful gases .
Despite these advantages wastes from nuclear power stations are considered dangerous .
The reason for this problem is that nuclear waste becomes harmless after millions of years .
The plutonium produced during power generation ( 200 kg per reactor ) is enough to cause cancer in all human beings .
Abnormal births . mutations शरीर sterility शरीर skin burns and lowering of ability to combat body diseases are other serious effects .
The constant exposure to radiation results in genetic defects which may affect generations to come .
Radio जैवरासायनिक are widely used in medicine जैवरासायनिक industry जैवरासायनिक to know the process of chemical and biochemical reactions .
Patients receiving and used in radiation therapy are an important source of damage by nuclear radiation .
एक्स - coloured television के . - एक्स . and X - ray . are becoming more serious .
Prevention and control of radiation could not be prevented by the radiation from मानव . but by the following measures the radiation from human - made sources could be reduced to some extent .
In the Indian Peninsula about one - fifth of the earth is covered by forests .
Many varieties of animals are found in Indian forests .
It is known that 500 species of reptiles in the Indian forests are the कीटों species of reptiles and a variety of insect species .
Forests produce oxygen without which life is not possible .
They maintain a healthy balance of gases in the environment .
They are great regulatory of climate .
Plants maintain water vapour from their open surface and retain moisture .
As we all know forests tend to control soil erosion and भूस्खलन .
In the hilly areas forests में along the roots of their rivers and rivulets from each other .
They retain the stability of the mountains .
The air above the ground in plants reduces the velocity of rain - water within itself by reducing its erosion strength .
Small plants found on earth in the forests act as a thick layer of fallen leaves on the ground and as soil स्पंज and help to save water from melting rain and snow .
Since centuries forests have served us fuel wood and fodder and many of our industries are based on certain resources which are found in the forests .
Paper pulp rayon . and वनों industries are based entirely on forest products .
We get medicines from plants , spices तन्तु fruits , fibres , gums राल राल राल rubber and क्षीर .
The raw material for चमडा and tanning industry is derived from the forests for the manufacture of चमडा - honey बीडी wax बीडी detergents and sandal - paste .
According to an assessment the national income derived from these products and timber is more than Rs 600 crores a year .
The forests all over the country are home to about four million tribals .
They are not only hands in forestry activities but also an integral part of the forest environment .
Some of their basic requirements such as food fodder and shelter are met by forests .
In short it can be said that the forests protect our environment maintain ecological balance , reduce pollution and noise from rain soil and create more attractive soil - भूक्षरण and धरती
Over the years our population has grown tremendously .
As a result the demand for firewood has increased manifold .
In the name of production and development trees were cut down and forests are completely exhausted on the slopes of hills and hills have become naked .
The resources at which the future of the people rests are similar to the killing of those who lose their golden egg .
The father of the famous Chipko movement has described it as follows : " The cutting of forests from the jungles of सडकों वनों and चिपको have been वनों for the cultivation of apples and for their packing .
Every year मिट्टी to मिट्टी million tonnes of fertile soil which is equivalent to the loss of food grains from three to five million tonnes .
If forests were to be destroyed ( 75 million sq metres ) the problem of soil erosion would be enormous .
Forests play a very important role in the conservation of water .
The roots of trees में the soil and absorbs the soil .
The upper surface of the soil is very fertile and nothing can grow in the soil without it .
As a result reservoirs lose their storage capacity ( many of our reservoirs have already been गाद ) .
The increasing and strengthening of the forest areas has become necessary both as we have as much of the forests as we have are not enough to meet the requirements of our wood ; it can be done by the government alone or by employing them .
Every empty piece of land has to be used in planting different types of trees we get wood fuel fruit and shade ; the most important is to protect them and give them the largest size .
It is necessary to educate the masses to protect their land against environmental degradation due to the widespread environmental degradation of forests so as to make them aware of the illicit felling of trees and to make the living of one another species .
Trees are our hands - feet and every time a tree is cut our chances of survival become less .
The Government has woken up and has undertaken several afforestation plans .
Acts have been enacted to provide protection to forests .
The afforestation programme has to be further intensified though two movements started to save the forests in India have become very popular .
In addition to the Chipko movement in Karnataka apart from the movement started by चिपको Bahuguna to protest against the destruction of forests in the upper valleys of the Himalayan rivers a movement of चिपको and child trees was also resorted to .
It has been a ghastly task for me to adorn her daily and take her daily to the vicinity of her lover and see her caressed by her .
O देवता thou take thy boon back . "
The deity assured her that during the course of time the season of flowers would be transformed into fruit and Arjuna wearied of the pleasures of the flesh would seek a true woman secretly in your body .
In the meanwhile O Kudala Sangama Lord !
The surfeit of pleasure भटकने this inevitable reaction and the warrior of Arjuna began to wander about the speed of life for a love that can endure even more than pleasure even through pain or agony .
His mind is shaken up like a snake which dies in winter .
One day Arjun meets some योद्धा who tell him in the brave warrior princess Chitra केबारे who is not only a soldier but also a brave man with tremendous valour and heart .
Arjuna was surprised who this other Chitra was.
He asked his fair mistress who told him that the Princess was devoid of all feminine charm and all feminine charm her virtues were like prison walls where her wife had gone .
But Arjuna ' s curiosity was aroused and he begged Chitra to let him meet the Princess .
But he seems to have been completely submerged during his stay in London because his art goddess had left him alone .
This happened many times in his life .
A man of liberal नागरिक and if he was a world citizen he was only Tagore and he had so deeply rooted in the roots of his land and had never been able to shake off his poems and songs .
A letter addressed to his niece Indira on the eve of his departure from London is significant.
He writes " Man is merely an instrument of any metal and should he act in accordance with the hard core of rules ?
The brain of man is so large and varied that there are so many claims on the one hand that it has to clutch at and occasionally टकराना .
Such preparations make him a man ; he lives in order to prove that he is not merely a heap of material materials .
And who has never felt these weaknesses and has never lost its heads on the banks of whose legs are narrow and strait - so men are not really alive .
That which we call tendency and which we dismiss in our day - to - day life is the only thing that helps us out of the अरण्य or the अरण्य of the reality and the ecstasy of our destiny .
She leaves her chase and marries the fourth character in the novel से the narrator who is deeply in love with her .
Her renunciation of him releases Sachish not only from her spell but from an obsession with a religious pursuit which is a little better than a धार्मिक .
He returns to his humanitarian mission in Calcutta like a despondent .
The year in which Tagore published his second important novel रवीन्द्रनाथ घर घर ( Ghar and the World ) published three important characters express their views through his diary .
It is a scene of brilliant उत्तेजनाओं of the stormy years of the first decade of the twentieth century and Tagore himself had been drawn into a vortex motion .
It does not have the slightest moral hesitation of a revolutionary patriot as to how he is making his friend fool how to betray his trusted wife ? it is so vibrant that the author is अनैतिक and अनैतिक
After three years of its publication critics continued to throw off the pages of the novel . फेंकते which are examples of the tremendous impact of this novel on his mind .
I cry because I am carrying my tent on my feet just as I have been and I am unable to stay . "
He was calling from a distant दूर .
There were many new worlds to investigate - and fresh minds from whom we met .
He realised that he had to say something and his voice must reach the world ' s consciousness .
In Hong Kong the grace and strength of women trained with a set of physical labour has influenced men greatly by sight .
Chitra secretly pleased promised to introduce the Princess .
He begged the gods to return his disguise .
She returned to her gifted gifts to her Chitra and she again appeared before Arjuna in her old and true body and said: " I am an Chitra - , for it is not a woman who can be worshipped .
If you keep me as a comrade by your side on the path of danger and सहधर्मिणी if you tell me to fulfil the great responsibilities of your life you will know the true nature .
This drama ends with Arjuna ' s words : ' Yes my life is full . "
The year in which this drama was published Tagore wrote his first social farce in prose ( से ) beginning with सामाजिक ( false ) and published a number of humorous articles dealing with the same humour .
The three young intellectuals and their ladies.
Its theme is simple and season ; it does not consist of any तनाव stories and relevant प्रहसन which moves happily without any easy understanding of the reader .
The dialogue therein are विदेशी the foreign idiom is difficult to digest in another .
At the end of that year when the Indian National Congress met at its annual session in Calcutta Subhas Chandra recited his long poem on the opening day known as the भारत कविता .
On this occasion all the leaders present praised him greatly .
Tagore ' s health was not साथ with him ; mental tension had a heavy hand not only as a pressure of व्यस्तताओं or preoccupations but also an inner struggle and the eternal struggle between the poet and the patriot .
But when the patriot or the prophet were roused the poet finds that God ' s trumpet lay in the dust and it became his duty to pick it up and call it war .
Tagore was aware of his own struggle and this संघर्ष and knew that his primary duty was to sing like a singer .
He had written a long time ago in a letter to Andrews : " I should give up my preaching ; at the same time I should give up the role of a beneficent angel to others .
This order of doctors was strictly violated which was evident from the number of their letters and were written daily to them .
There were a number of cases which Tagore had espoused and each caused him great stress on emotional plane .
Death is the inevitable opposition to life and I do not feel particular about it .
But disease is a bad thing and we do not know how to fight it and it makes anybody utterly defiant . "
Rabindranath ' s heart was gradually becoming more and more विद्रोही it will be clear from the stories and events he was presenting in his poems and published in the same year as रवीन्द्रनाथ .
Two years ago the boy had wings of vision and he had taken his poems to the skies and he would have been wandering about in the changing world with the everlasting beauty and a deep self - confidence in which everything continues .
In Tagore the poet comes down to the earth in धरती with the pathos and irony of life and पुर्नविचार its temporary pleasure and weak resolutions .
The stories are full of everyday life and melancholy which revolves round the lives of women in Hindu families and their despair is linked to their strength to endure their modesty and pain .
She herself heard her husband and her husband . her sister - in - law is very ill and advice her to take her to a health place .
For the first time in his life . comes from his joint - family home where his presence is quite complicated and painful ; the breath of fresh air comes from her husband .
For the first time she could see the brightness of her eyes on her naked face while travelling on the train with her husband .
At a railway station where he has to change his train . . meets a woman named Rukmini a घरवाली whose tragic story is दुखभरी and marries her husband .
She expresses her gratitude to her husband at the time of her die so that she filled her last days with joy .
पति husband cannot forget what he has done with his trusted and loving wife who is pleased to share her happiness with every being.
Because of the strong censorship imposed on the press , and heavy censorship for many weeks people did not know anything about the tragedy and its involvement .
Tagore then did the same thing as his conscience dictated .
He was active in keeping with his song that he had written years ago : " If he is frightened and ओर mutely facing the wall then O thou हृदय open thy heart and alone .
He warned the Viceroy that the Mahatma was committed to this extent : " In the history of any civilized government ' s rule : " I have been overwhelmed by the voice of my countrymen and the whole of my own countrymen .
When the time has come when we make our shame more शर्म in the current context of the award of honour है and अवमानना and as far as I am concerned I have been able to stand on all sides of my countrymen .
This was not the पीडा of the नाइट with which nothing was attached to his personality but a spirit of courage through which he gave voice to the pain of those who were पीडा in their hearts .
The British authorities could never forgive this because they had never heard or thought of such शासन .
The sweet singer who was content with his lonely journey into the nest and the sky was now caught in the net of the world .
The breaking of the lamp of a person is to deprive it of its rightful place in the world festival . "
At one time India had a mind which was lit by its own flame and Indian love was burning with fire .
Now - a - days graduates of the University can be said to be a little better than स्नातक " from others .
As Rabindranath says it is ironical that when we think of a university the idea of a University Oxford University Oxford University and many other European Universities rushes in to our mind .
Then we can imagine that we gather all these qualities and make it a refined form .
We forget that the European Universities are in the living life of Europe .
To add to the skin of foreign components of other small and large parts of the body is accepted in modern surgical science but the creation of a whole man is beyond science and will be expected for the future .
Tagore now had an additional incentive to travel .
They were restless.
The entire world had begun to लुभाने like an intoxicated man .
In fact the general and effective mood has tended to be more reflective than the emotional one with a playful subtlety of thought which occasionally ढलती into ego .
The satirical pieces are full of irony and wisdom .
One of these ? . पर्दाफाश brings out the folly of mechanical methods of the text - book which they have been fighting throughout their lives .
In this story an समाज is taught to read the bird because in a civilised society it is very insulting to him that he should sing and sing there .
He was put into a golden cage and was appointed to provide suitable education for him .
The other two satirical titles can be mentioned in the same order : they are the trial of the horse the हार्स and the हार्स .
Of these the first is concerned with the misery of man in which his self - abnegation and self - preservation survives by exploitation of everything .
When the gods wake up from their निद्रावस्था they find that man is the sum of the many creatures that were created for other purposes they get excited .
Brahma the chief of the gods who has the burden of this particular act says ? man beware " If you do not leave my horse I should like your teeth and claws to fall like a tiger .
Man opposes them : it is not a function of gods .
These शरीर of the mind of humanity are लकवा if one of them is paralysed the whole body will become maimed . "
On 15 May 1920 Tagore sailed for Europe accompanied by his son and daughter - in - law .
In England he was happy to meet his old friends and new colleagues .
However he was fully aware that after the war the atmosphere was not as cordial as the earlier travels .
Tagore ' s condemnation of war : his two युद्ध observations on British rule in India and above all the most important reason was the renunciation of a gun - fire .
When I think of them all my thoughts shiver with cold and I feel bored of my own country and the corner of Santiniketan in the sun . "
One of his co - workers on the ship was Agha Khan आगा who would recite to him Hafiz and other Persian poets.
That is why he wrote in a funny letter from London in लंदन : " The poet wanted to exchange the wealth of Samarkand and Bokhara for a mole on the cheek of his beloved.
I want to exchange for the whole of London in that small corner of Santiniketan .
A general pardon for the massacre of innocent people in the British Parliament on the Jallianwala Bagh tragedy was given to General Dyer ' s heinous conduct in spite of the fact that justice and humanism had weighed with his faith in the British Government .
In the speeches made by MPs for this बर्बरतापूर्ण act which is evident from the newspapers of the place : " Mahatma Gandhi in his own voice and character is quite absurd .
But as soon as they met with some of the British people who had no deficiency their mood changed and gained some degree of faith and joy .
A few days ago he had written to Andrews and I find myself in the far better position than ever since there was a very active mind .
Though I come and lose my sky , light and leisure I am in touch with those who feel the need to say and what I can offer to them ?
This self - contained mood seemed to have been तंग by him and at once it is probable that some days later I should not lose my views and my personality .
He was very careful in this case and his heart knew that eventually human dignity was rooted in hearts and everything else would come .
His identification during his stay in England was marked by an से of सेनानी an स्वच्छंद fighter who said that he had been कतरा his country back because he had entered into an agreement with the British Government and had promised to discharge it .
While considering the problems of India Lawrence urged Tagore that in order to earn respect with an Englishman it is necessary to attack as hard as he would attack and attack others as he was conscious .
The letters written to C . F. Andrews during this visit show how fast Tagore ' s mood was to be shaken to a mood of gaiety and how fast he met at Santiniketan where he had never before .
He reached New York and lectured at many meetings - one in the city and in many other towns ; at the New York Forum wrote to him about his lectures at the ब्रुकलिन Forum and never before he heard the audience .
But in Tagore ' s mind if he had any intention of raising a fund for Visva - Bharati he could not complete .
He had thought that a young and new nation which had just freed the warring nationalists from a suicide war which would appeal to them in the establishment of an active international university in Santiniketan for the advancement of human conscience .
Indeed the early attempts of this general observation ( unfortunately some of the close and loved ones had erred in realising that the US dollar was in need of constant shame and the pangs of this remark .
In a letter to Andrews dated 13 December he admitted : " I am convinced of myself by my efforts that a great plan is going to shape but I know from the depths of my heart .
When we realise that there are certain standards of ideal fulfilment in our work our attention is greatly reduced to other aspects of this .
We often believe in it so much that it झकझोर our faith in truth . "
Soon after four days Tagore wrote to him again : " When the Buddha was wandering about like a withered leaf in the storm in his desire to collect his ideas . "
The message went straight to my heart .
He said to me : " The pot of milk will come without asking you the day you complete your penance . "
Every morning I sit near my window and say to myself " I should never bow to my ugly image which the West is पूजा .
He reminds me of the morning at Shelidah when a Vaishnava woman came and asked me when will you come down from your house - building to see your loved one in the shade of the trees ?
" I am still at the high end of a tower - filled soft - house where you are not able to hear some of the पेड of high trees - this is the love that has come down to tell me the grass .
In such a situation I would like to say something about money even though it is preposterous that my words grow ashamed of themselves and stop .
His third visit to the United States was very successful in his personal and human contacts and he should not be less than the million dollars he failed to raise .
There he met before him but there was a new friendship with some remarkable two women - Helen के and Jane के .
More important among them was स्ट्रेट Strait and लियोनार्ड of स्ट्रेट and Leonard . who had a strong foundation of his life ' s friendship at that time a विवाह of agricultural science was married to him .
For experiments in the field development of rural education and economy at Santiniketan a specialised centre at शांतिनिकेतन was a pioneer in creating a model for an international and cultural centre with Tagore ' s elder एलम्हर्स्ट and his wife एलम्हर्स्ट .
In March 1921 Tagore returned to London from where he first landed in Paris .
From Paris he spoke to the newly established French University in पेरिस .
Proceeding to Geneva he lectured at the जेनेवा Institute .
While studying at जर्मनी he received news that a new set - up committee of writers and scholars in Germany celebrating his 150th birth anniversary and a large volume of German literature was gifted to the Visva - Bharati Library .
Although Gandhi was a more incorrigible idealist than Tagore he was a revolutionary leader among the people and gave dramatic orientation to some other point of view so that he could win the sympathy and support of the masses .
Like Nelson he sees a telescope on his blind eye and then says that there was nothing real but Tagore was watching everything.
Sudden upsurge of patriotic zeal among the people who had never understood it for long and had no historical memories of it ; so the masses felt that they were all right and contempt for everything .
Tagore who was denouncing this spirit in other countries felt very sad at seeing it in his own country .
For me humanity is very rich and vast . "
He does n ' t take what he wants to give but what he wants to take.
This deep concern was not mere verbal or poetic .
He did whatever was possible in such a situation for the unfortunate व्यस्क of the ग्रामीण and the विधाता so that they could become self - reliant adults and could devise early experiments in rural community development programmes .
The country was under foreign rule and its law rested on the silent or vocal support of those vested interests and there was no hope that the administration or any other force should be protected by law and order .
Moreover Tagore could not find it worthwhile for the betterment of the society where a person was inclined to be indifferent to his efforts and in such matters could be expected to help or offer direction to help the state .
If the government is providing everything for everyone these people will not be the big helpless children of the same destiny but the state remains .
In such a situation his community development programme was based on the twin principles of self - help and self - realisation .
Even this self - realisation was necessary because if the people were lacking in their efforts it was not because they had lost their political liberty or were physically or morally disabled but their various forms of social .
On the one hand he was totally ignorant of the basic scientific knowledge and on the other hand he stood close to all religious hypocrisy and believed in real miracles of science .
His misery and indifference were testimony to the fact that no misfortune was greater than ignorance and no sin से .
It was a kind of self - realisation that took place only with the tragic memories of his school life which in turn had become an education based on the mechanical method of education and gradually developed by the Indian community .
Tagore is right from the point of view of eternity .
He is a poet of repute with a kite - flying cranes as he described them as the साधक of our music and sings on the ruins of time .
He lives in eternity.
But for which the present urges are considered very necessary .
Gandhiji published an article in Young India .
He described the poet as a great संतरी whose warnings against moral pitfalls must be listened to by चेतावनियों but the Mahatma further says his fears are not without any basis .
Eventually they denounce the poet in order to get up to the fire at home .
He presents to our admiring gaze the beautiful picture of the चिडियों birds on the morning singing hymns of praise and on the skies .
These birds have had their day - to - day meal and after rest will be filled with wings with new blood - stained in their veins last night .
But I find it painful to see birds that cannot move its wings in the absence of strength .
In the Indian sky the human bird grows slowly over when he wants to retire .
Let them eat .
The question may be asked why I should not eat what I need to do ?
Whatever the coin that finds in your pocket may be its source and you will feel that what I write is true .
Let him burn his foreign cloth and this is the duty of today .
God takes care of the past .
How many these are रोलां and tragic words रोलां Remain Holland .
Who does not sympathise with Gandhi ' s passionate passion and share ?
Tagore himself used to attend Levi ' s classes .
On 23 September 1921 Visva - Bharati was formally inaugurated and the land - building and the properties of Santiniketan were renamed after him .
Tagore made a gift for the copyright of his Bengali works published .
The Nobel Prize had already been donated to school .
In the midst of all these उत्तेजनाओं he kept thinking on the political scene of the country until in the subconscious churning of his mind he did not find a dramatic expression in the राजनैतिक written in January 1922.
The play which was in a sense inspired by the Mahatma ' s personality and the campaign of nonviolence is a tribute to him .
The background of the play is the political subjection of the people of the neighbouring kingdom of राज्य .
The Raja of राजा made a big dam on the मैदानों for his परस्परता towards his desires so that his waters could not reach the plains .
The pillars of his instruments dominated the landscape and left behind even the trident of the temple of Siva on top of a hill .
This remarkable drama was never staged.
In January 1922 the playwright read it among his friends in Calcutta and later preparations were made to stage it but before the performance came the news of Mahatma Gandhi ' s arrest trial and the sentence of rigorous imprisonment in six years .
Rabindranath ' s dream of making Santiniketan a world - wide nest - where all the associated souls were coming from all corners of the world .
Now a city bee nest which was originally thought to be a hermitage .
This picturesque beehive produced more honey than buzzing it is difficult to say .
Many new jobs were undertaken and the benefit was reaped not only by Visva - Bharati but by many other universities .
This inspiration was only too much for the poet that the world was becoming one and he had to travel a great deal to save his ideals and win the mind .
There is hardly any illusion more exhilarating than the belief that one is healing the world ' s wounds.
There was no need for any zeal like a missionary and not a blind man waving his hair but a sincere बाल and a modern hero who had understood the world and wanted his younger nations on the basis of ideal .
He decided to visit China because he was not interested in visiting his country .
A thousand years had elapsed since the last band of Buddhist monks had gone on the earth with their Swami ' s message of peace and compassion .
Tagore wanted to revive the traditional cultural bond between the two countries which had been snapped for so many years .
They could not have been because during this period China and India had gone far and each land was seething in its own धरती .
The Chinese intelligentsia had grown impatient of traditional values and virtues and were खिंच towards the West .
He had already accepted that national unity with the help of the hard use of the world - class worldly ordinary intellect and science and technology could drive away his traditional country from the दलदल in which it had धंसा .
Compared to his mystical insights he was more influenced by the rational scepticism of a Bertrand Russell .
He looked upon the Indian poet as a reactionary idealist a futile visionary and considered his visit की though he had no feelings of enmity .
Tagore understood his temper and his temper and spoke of what he had seen in India and his speeches mostly showed how he had gone to the Chinese mind with what sympathy and understanding .
He did not experience any known or unknown ideal or ground - because there was no such tradition in this country .
He was the first Indian to give it a form and since the story - writing has become very popular among the Indian writers there is no other thing which could be surpassed in this area .
Many of these stories were written in the light of some scene or events or characters he had observed from his house - boat on the river Padma and the house - boat was named Padma .
The prefaces to these stories written in this period are recorded in his letter .
They continued to watch the ghat of the river over which there were पत्थर stones and they were surprised to see how much they could say if they had a language of these stones .
One such story is the story of the घाट katha ( the story of the घाट ) he recalls that a young and lovely girl would come to the river and catch her in such a lovely stone .
Kusum loved the river because she belonged .
Soon a time came when his arrival stopped and the ghat learnt from the conversation of his companions that the little Kusum had already married and went to another .
Days pass .
It was the beginning of the autumn when they landed at the Japanese ships . and the music of autumn stirred in the poet .
He forgot his mission and became a lover and singer .
Instead of sermons she poured out unique poems on her pen .
The poet of the सांध्य year was moving through the evening of his life and the mellow richness of the evening melody pervades these poems .
During his voyage on the coast of Argentina Tagore suddenly became ill and was compelled to disembark at जहाज where a heart expert asked him to rest for some time .
Rabindranath did not know anyone at रवीन्द्रनाथ but fortunately the charming and gentle Victoria विक्टोरिया entertained him and was happy to find a lovely and lonely house on the banks of the river रवीन्द्रनाथ .
The visit to Peru was cancelled on the doctor ' s advice .
Tagore was not unhappy because during this sea - voyage the poet had triumphed over a religious प्रचारक and he was very pleased to see the river flowing from the balcony of the house .
The old memories played by the flutes in its lost rhythm .
I do not know his language but what his eyes said had always appeared in the मनोव्यथा .
On 4 January 1925 the poet and his companion एलम्हर्स्ट met his host and left for कवि .
They were quick because they realised that when their country needed them they were very happy and enjoying .
But when he returned to his own land he felt that his happiness was creative and he did not like being creative in his long run . He wrote to Queen Victoria विक्टोरिया in his own letters from Santiniketan.
" You wrote a letter saying that I could not stay in the beautiful house on your river bank till the end of summer .
You do not know how many times I think I can do so .
There was a लाई motivation which pulled me from the soft corner to waste and निष्क्रिया but I am sure that when I have been sitting in the shade of those lazy evenings I would have been फूल .
I assure you that until the laboriously built towers of my beneficent deeds will crumble into obscurity these flowers will grow longer . "
Soon after his return home his elder brother Jyotirindranath passed away .
On his way back to Santiniketan on the basis of a legendary Buddhist legend he had earlier used in a poem . a drama पूजा ( Worship of a dancer ) .
It was Tagore ' s simple straightforward play a free from the moving and symbolic हृदयस्पर्शी and the intellectual नाटक which make his other plays absolutely mysterious and attractive.
The chief of them says - a simple religious emotion which rises to a high pitch whereas the tragic end of the story is in bhakti .
The Buddha had instilled into the कैद of the Vedas and the जाति of the Hindu castes and the worship of a divine being could not be the monopoly of this or that species nor could it always be captured in the structure of any Veda .
Real worship is what we surrender to the call of the best truth .
The sage writes his learning : man his deeds his deeds the fruit the poet नृत्य his songs and dances .
Thus the dancing girl by her devotion and devotion can overcome her defects and by her death her strength is ठहराती .
Another peculiarity of this drama is that there is no male character in it .
The Preface contained in the Introduction to the Buddhist monk which could satisfy the author ' s desire to watch the audience .
He was also received by Raja Victor इमानुएल III and Tagore saw his play Chitra in Italian .
But he wanted to meet the learned philosopher राजा क्रोचे who was then interned in राजा .
Some friends took the risk of bringing him hidden in Rome where the two could meet each other .
When he was feted in his almost royal tour of Italy he did not realise that his speeches and interviews were being broken down by his speeches and interviews to promote Italy .
He was ashamed and hurt on his failure and wrote to इटली : " I have a यात्रा to keep my trip in such a fashion so that I should be ready to avoid it .
Then to the utter words of a sudden flash - ऋक्या you will give me your ship जहाज if you have somebody else.
I shall take immediate steps .
In युद्ध religious and political.
Kumudini the lovely and gentle daughter - in - law of the aristocratic family is married to a growing millionaire से and हठधर्मी one of Tagore ' s few characters indeed great .
He is forced by the habit of imposing his will on men and machinery on the थोपने he imagines that he is his wife though he wins his body .
The psychological interest of the novel का grows slowly towards her and then almost imperceptible .
First there is a cruel violent and हिंसक sight gradually inhibited by sudden spasms of tenderness and awe which he cannot understand because he had not experienced so in other spheres of life .
The बाहर and the अक्खड master lose his self - confidence and पहुंचता like a हाथ goes to something that is beyond his grasp .
Unfortunately the end of this novel is very weak - one such failure which is in almost all Tagore ' s novels .
It seems that the story has been lost at one time and wants to eliminate it somehow to go into the bed - chamber to meet the demands of some other शयनकक्ष or to ignore them and lose their fear .
When Tagore was writing this novel and probing the spiritual थे of success he himself was restless for winning a new field .
The missionary zeal once again proved stronger than creative and for his ninth voyage in July 1927 this time was a visit to the neighbouring countries of South and Western Asia .
His intensely self - satisfaction instincts are shocked when he suddenly meets a girl and falls in love with a modern education which is a replica of a refinement and deep emotion .
This experience is so different from the previous experience of the love - cycle that it all seemed to him as a shock - he felt deeply about his devotion which he finds it difficult to adjust with his old habits .
During this period he finds a new romantic change in himself .
It ends up in a miserable character struggling against its claims .
It is the tragedy that makes her feel of promise and goes away from her life .
This is the last poem in which he takes leave of his beloved . a testament full of his spirit .
Here is a paragraph in the poem in which the धूल of the original has been preserved : " You have nothing left to lose me ; a tiny creature of clay.
It was not only in Santiniketan that the dust had gradually become a small urban garden with barren land but it had become a festival for the whole country and was now getting full encouragement from the governments of the country .
One of Tagore ' s most remarkable work is the compilation of poems on the life of trees plants and flowers .
The year 1928 was a fruitful year and it may also be given special thanks for Tagore ' s better health .
It was in this year that Tagore gave expression to his experiments in the art of painting.
Though he had never practised कलम he allowed his pen to run freely .
As for most of these रैखिक exercises he used to say that they are accidents of my manuscripts and भर्जन which they were not in favour of removal were like a खरोंचों scratches .
Kusum told her .
Kusum once more disappeared and did not come to the ghat or to the temple for long .
One day the Sanyasi sent to her and she sat down with her eyes .
When the Sanyasi asked not to come to her she replied that she deliberately wanted to keep away from her because she was ashamed of her ill - thought and had no right to sit beside a holy man .
When the Sanyasi questioned her she confessed that she had found in her dream that the Sanyasi was loving .
Since then the dream has obsessed her with her waking eyes that she could not see her husband or lover.
When he recovered his poise he begged Kusum to forget it and disappeared from the village .
Kusum pressed down to the steps and looked at the river water for a short while .
He loved the river since his childhood and today in the hour of the crisis if he did not hide it in his arms and who would give him shelter .
Strange as it might seem he looked more beautiful than his youth in his age - - than not only from his photographs of his times but also from those who saw him on both occasions .
No other person has said so confident that you will get older than me when it is still better than that of the end of life that झुर्रियां was born on her mind .
Like Mahatma Gandhi he discovered with the years that truth was important from any religion and the good of man is larger than any philosophy or thought .
If he was not the writer of गीतांजलि and the great exponent of Indian spiritual heritage he would not take the trip to the Soviet state as a pilgrimage .
In a letter he wrote : " If I had not gone to Russia my life would have remained untouched .
Who are trying to ruin the wealth of the powerful ताकतवर and the दौलत why should we be afraid of them ?
And why should we be नाराज ?
This is one of Tagore ' s earliest stories .
In Tagore ' s imagination Nature has always been an active character and not only nature but also inanimate matter is a part of this story and it is in the building of a narrative with which the element of pathos and wonder .
In a similar fashion a road tells the story of how he has seen the mysterious सडक and frustrated love .
In almost all these stories the author ' s tenderness and sympathies are women particularly children and young .
His children and adolescent characters बालक whether they are children or girls or girls and they have in spite of their poorly developed minds.
But whatever may be his early stories is not primarily a character or character but a delineation of a mood a revelation or an unsuspected activity .
This swift and intuitive grasp of the human potential inherent in an event or situation seemed to have been akin to his lyrical genius which responded immediately to any impact outside .
And so when the city ' s reading - the young boy had a new assignment as a गांव ( post - master ) he could see how he was going to live in it .
When the story appeared in में - होठों he met me and spoke of it he got up with a smile . "
It was enough for the author to imagine that the problem of human relations and that ordinary and dignified girl could be written about the possible tragedy which might seem to have saved her love .
In the same way Tagore must have often noticed in the streets of Calcutta big hefty strangers from Kabul रहते dry fruits and nuts.
But that was certain and as Tagore was thinking he was still man and he would love his children as much as his parents .
In the same name a stern बंगला becomes one of Tagore ' s most lovable characters in Bengali literature .
This story belongs to the दोस्ती से - and hill - man who came from the high hills of Afghanistan : a friendship between a five - year - old child and an emotional strain of social intercourse .
These stories are of varied types and written in varying techniques - and more often symbolic and बंगाल - represent a variety of characters in Bengal and the various classes and classes of people .
With its subtle observations and जीवंतता जीवंतता जीवंतता compassion and a fine blend of nature and life they are at the same time an extraordinary writer of character and sensitivity to mastery of these vital elements a greater human disorder and injustice .
From one poem to another I saw my exhausted exhausted hour in the conscious evening - my body was swimming in that dark - full of thoughts and endless pain .
At one point it पिघल and disappears into its darkness without the end . "
What I did for my presence on the stage was nothing from the rise of the screen ; nothing was done even after the curtain was removed all the tactics I had taken to effect on the masses .
But there is no regret for it seen the farthest limit of being and is surprised .
All these poems were not so self - centred or self - centred .
The last two poems on this यूरोप were full of songs that were hovering over Europe and were soon to engulf them .
She is angry and wants to कहर on the औरतों whose appetite is neither women nor children .
He wanted to utter words of peace and love and compassion but he felt that he would be even more unsuccessful .
He was true to each mood and every mood that he had experienced and this passionate sincerity which enabled him to challenge and surpass himself and surpass himself even Mahatma Gandhi had the gift of freedom .
But as the spring came they were seized with the recurring frenzy of song and began to transform their drama into dance .
This was one of his most powerful and नृत्य dance - drama which was staged in Calcutta in March and the last of which the writer himself sat in the corner of the stage .
Through his deep insight and sympathy the Mahatma had realised that it was futile to expect the poet to stick to his old assurance that he would not allow his health to play in the cities .
The raising of funds for his school and university was only an excuse or even more ; the most essential thing was the construction of the artist and his creation on the platform of his work and the small town in कलिम्पोंग .
He wrote a magnificent poem on his birthday which was a sequel to the New Year की of his poetry and was published in the end of the year.
A foreigner woman sings in a foreign voice .
The train appears to be a living image of life crawling into the dark and moving into the compartments full of sleeping and moving towards an endless journey .
Though strangers they believe in it . and बिस्तर in bed and dream of a distant morning ?
In another poem called कविता he is happy to see the crowd of pilgrims on the platform .
And finally everything will be left to the vacant place such as the food being ignored .
Why ?
The शहनाई is a sophisticated Indian शहनाई whose दर्दभरा has a peculiar rhythm like the sweet की of the book .
And they had no pride in how much they did - they were a true मसीहा . "
It was in this year that a part of the summer vacation took place at Mungpoo and कलिम्पोंग .
His dearly beloved nephew Surendranath had died in Calcutta .
Without a word on account of his grief - stricken dialogue Tagore sat quietly and expressed his feelings in a small and moving poem .
Both Andrew ' s death and this death must have reminded him that it is no longer long to go the same way .
He had repeatedly reiterated that he was sitting on the stairs of the Ghats and was waiting for the ferry to take the other .
They felt that after centuries of penance the earth received the blessings of these flowers who were to greet the advent of mankind in their lap .
Could such expressions be found anywhere in the Universe ?
He expressed this agony of anguish confusion and resentment in two poems which were written in the latter half of May .
How do men who seem civilised suddenly turn into terrible demons ?
He is hurt humiliated and unhappy but does not कोसते or curse.
Rather in a chastened meditative mood he turned his colleagues into a larger scene of history .
Though he was not prepared to give up his hope the dundubhi was beating in time .
But however dismal the present may be the poet cannot give up his hope for the future .
The supreme faith in the perfection of man is the essential divinity of his own spirit .
He could not rest content with the medium through which he was master .
His own country was में and frustrated and it was becoming a desperate decision .
The old वृद्ध infirm and रवीन्द्रनाथ Tagore for many days felt that he should give voice to this opposition .
That is why during his stay at Nadiad on June 15 he wrote a letter to President Roosevelt of the United States in which he described India ' s helpless predicament as a helpless predicament when other independent countries were struggling .
An independent India would appear to be an asset to the free world though subject India remains as a burden and a liability.
On 7 August 1940 a seminar organised at Oxford University at Santiniketan was held to give him an honorary doctorate .
Some Indian doctors came from Calcutta during this period from the British Civil Surgeon from Darjeeling were frantically begged to fall ill .
He came reluctantly and having examined the patient . inquired रुखाई if he knows English .
Perhaps the tragic example of the rapidly increasing alienation of British rule from the people of the country .
He pointed out that the kidney of the patient was bad and that even the unconscious patient had a chance to undergo a major operation .
He looked at Mahadev Desai helpless and filled her eyes with tears.
He had such a cruel control over himself that even in the hardest bereavement and sorrow I never saw him cry .
He could not have been well - versed in his bed some days and would sit down and talk .
His hands were not prepared to hold the pen tightly but the words and metres continued to मस्तिष्क him in his mind .
On the other hand the wonder is that during this period when he was greatly excited by the interest of the common people of this country the most subtle and real लेखनी of his writings were gradually अंकुर in his poetry .
Tagore in the prevailing sense was not a philosopher but seemed to him more painful than a narrow and formulated.
He wrote in 1894 how artificial and unreal our notions of sin and sin .
In fact compassion for all beings is the greatest religion .
It is a simple meaning of this feeling that in the early years of his life this clear consciousness gradually becomes gradually self - luminous and self - conscious and self - conscious which seeks beyond his thought and his personality .
In a letter of March 1894 he says : " I am overwhelmed by this baffling perception of difference . " I can neither understand it nor control it .
The poet was so weak that he was read by another in his presence .
The people of India or the Europeans and the Far East were passing through a phase of great crisis . They were separate forms and varied .
In his further analysis he states that the disillusionment was that has been lost during these days by the British rulers in the sense of the values which were once the pride of western civilisation .
One day the fortunes of the British rulers must be forced to leave their empire .
But how do they leave behind India what suffering and exploited India ?
When two centuries of their rule will be completely happy what will they have to survive leaving behind them ?
But even in the darkest gloom Tagore ' s testament could not end in a नैराश्य .
Tagore was hurt though his sympathies were entirely with the Chinese थी Russia and his friends but he did not think of Germany and Japan as the sole villain of the drama .
He was not tired of saying that the world had become entrenched in this formidable trap of its own वादों many of them have made it stronger and more powerful than for the greedy priests and the राजनीतिज्ञों
In the midst of this physical and mental and his literary preoccupations his thoughts were everywhere at Santiniketan and there .
The school was his first love but when the whole दमक Visva - Bharati came into existence he had ignored it .
Now the old solicitude returned.
He recalls how he felt elated when teaching children .
His voice was heavy and he added that he could no longer teach him or take care of him .
He always believed that there were boxes of sweet चॉकलेट or चॉकलेट for children so that children who had come to them would never come out of their arms or mouth .
A stray dog कुत्ता which could not be निकाला managed to find refuge under his rest - chair and occupying the main member of the house .
One of the poems of Arogya is on this nameless dog whose sad and mute devotion had won the poet ' s heart .
This favourite chair of his was his patience and humour with the poet ' s fortitude and हास्य to the end .
The greatest gift and gift for the people who were serving on their sick - bed was the pleasant ambience full of comic sentences and विनोदपूर्ण of the poet and safe to them .
When he was given a बेबी diet he could not make fun of it .
When they were brought before them they would ask each time how many months have I been reduced ?
His love for trees was perhaps very old .
As early as his childhood he had become attached to a banyan tree which he gazed from the window of his ancestral home where he was kept under the care of the servants .
In his last days when he was not able to move on he would watch with wistful tenderness the graceful सेमल outside his cottage .
Because of his summer vacation in summer he was worried about the trees of the Ashram .
He wanted trees to be saved at any price .
When it is big you will see how Santal women gather under it and make their flowers पेय .
He would strongly refuse to share with him the food he loved and made with great care his अधीरता on the other side eagerly and insist on the wild बच्चे of a child .
He would keep the bunch near him and tempt the visitors and see how sweet it is .
Three days before his birthday which is on 8 May in Bengali calender he dictated a song composed by him and sound .
He never relied upon a lyre but only sings of it which the melody निकल .
This last song which was sung on his last birthday and is still sung on his birthday वंदना it appeals to the Lord who manifests itself in new forms .
" Keep yourself published as the sun कोहरे
This endless expanse of wonder the victory of life
The separation from the joy from the belief of से from love .
It did not cheat as blind .
He never rubbed his eyes from the rigid realities of life not separately from the वेदना of this earth .
Nor have he been overwhelmed by the pathos or by self - pity ; the terrible beauty of truth never rejected .
A week after his birthday he looks again and again on the mystery of creation .
But some of the mature middle - class and the sophisticated Bengali critics hold that these last poems are brief बंगाली and are born of a terrible beauty which is not found in his earlier poems and some of them are almost perfect .
These poems dictated before his death were published posthumously as ' मरणोपरांत ' .
The history of temples as a religious institution and site of worship in India is very ancient .
As a structure in which a deity is established or held object of veneration and हो in which the temples have planned their varied development in different parts of the Indian Peninsula .
All this has been done according to local needs faith and subject - specific though it did contribute substantially to the exchange of ideas regulations and mutual ideas .
The builders and artisans who were builders and craftsmen belonged to the same class as those of structures and structures of structure and architecture ; but they worked together with priests who believed in their ritual worship and rituals.
There are relief inscriptions on these lines as also the seventh - eighth centuries and later inscriptions .
The shrine as a place of worship had an image of the god - goddess - or थी in the structure of the temple - at times they were in the form of a small dune .
Sometimes they were पाषाण - a large stone slab placed on two other stone pillars each of which can be seen even today in remote areas .
Some platforms had a pillar or चबूतरों which was considered as the emblem of the deity .
The old Tamil texts mention the पूजागृह - पूजागृह of this kind of shrine - cells were made to offer worship - there were many pillars and the युवतियां were built on a platform to bathe the place with dung and water .
We are also told that many people came to worship and offered it with enjoyment or devotion .
The Tamil युद्ध युद्ध mentions the worship of war युद्ध or युद्ध by युद्ध .
Its brief description shows that it was the circular पद्म pitha with वाला parties based on a four - sided plinth .
The entrance had a place for the ईंटों of brick ; it was evidently an arched roof - LRB - a - RRB - made of bricks .
In the arch and in wood were made oblique भित्ति - भित्ति like in an earlier carved chaitya .
The remains of the विधाधरपुरमू . near the विजयवाडा are of the same type .
The excavations of a shrine called स्तूप in the जिले district of Andhra Pradesh have revealed the validity of a stupa in which it is worshipped.
The circular chaitya is brick - built .
The massive wall has been constructed with a series of temples built at दीवार later in front for entrance .
There are several smaller temples of the same kind .
The Nagarjunakonda and other Buddhist sites of Andhra Pradesh have been associated with the . - chaitya halls or monasteries which were mostly associated with the entrance of the monastery and also with the other stupas and बगल .
The excavations in Nagarjunakonda have also preserved the remains of temples of other religions of Buddhist origin dedicated to Siva Vishnu की Kartikeya and धर्म during the third and fourth centuries of Pallava kings .
All these structures are built on the replica of the मंदिरों - शिखरी temples .
They are built between the second and the second century of AD .
The rest are after the fourth century .
These were probably built between AD 450 and 600.
The final construction is around AD 650 .
But some work on them continued till the time of the Rashtrakuta phase in the eighth and ninth centuries .
The early चैत्य are fairly large - scale and ornate facade with a horseshoe - shaped entrance .
In the rock itself the चट्टान stupa is cut into a stupa which was worshipped .
The viharas had no pillars and there were several rooms on the three sides which served as the residence of the दीवारों and provided for one or more entrances in the front .
The rock architecture of the second phase is seen in the चैत्यों शैल चैत्यों ( चैत्यों ) चैत्यों ( चैत्यों ) and 26 ) .
It is similar to the first round but the difference is that the stupa in the apse has been raised under a nasika or arch projected from the drum of the stupa at बुद्ध .
The viharas ( except those unfinished or destroyed - LRB - iii - RRB - पूजागृह 5 पूजागृह 14 पूजागृह 24 28 28 28 पूजागृह and 29 - LRB - both the monasteries - RRB - are characterised by monasteries .
The viharas often have an outer verandah such as the mukha - mandapa or agra - mandapa in temples ; a pillared hall ( occasionally with pillars ) as in the बीच and ultimately with the sanctum sanctorum .
When there are pillars in the hall and the main nave and lateral aisles are not परिसर in the centre a rectangular space surrounded by four or more pillars that may give an impression to the नाभि .
Often in the second and main entrance of the hind wall of the hall and also in the walls of the दीवारों or दीवारों such other cells are found ( even in the cave numbers 6 ) .
The sanctum contains a large figure of the Buddha the अर्धमंडप ardha - mandapa too with a series of carved अर्धमंडप .
In the case of Cave 27 the ardha - mandapa is mixed with the maha - mandapa .
The plan of a succession of mandapas one after the other ; sometimes there are more than one पूजास्थल at the rear corresponding structures in the Nagarjunakonda cave - temples .
In some places as in the Ajanta examples the मंडप cave - temple shows a large and square mandapa often found on the plan of the hall in front of the cella which is not a rectangular shrine .
The temple built in such an axial plan had no other structure of the pyramidal structure over the cella .
These cave - temples which include the sanctum also include the चैत्य - mandapa - temples are designated as मंडप in later inscriptions.
The key to the title of this compilation is its first poem to indicate the general consciousness and direction in many other poems of this volume . In this poem the poet has depicted the eternal consciousness of nature in millions .
But in the outside world where her beauty flows in many different sights colours and sounds and she hides and remains in her mind .
And beyond all these things he was a lover who could see beauty even in the smallest things ; he felt its contact with the outside world and at his own heart .
The same spirit that suffused and ruled this vast universe as within them and operating their life and talents .
He felt his immediacy and intimacy and addressed it as the Lord of his life his God or God .
In his famous poem on the same title he says : O ye my Lord please come to my heart and quench your thirst .
You have crushed my heart just as the Dalit प्याला निचोडा - filled प्याला with a thousand विषाद of joy .
The intervening minor and subordinate kingdoms also took part in this activity and contributed to this activity in their respective spheres .
There was a long tradition of ban on the use of stone for holy and religious structures which was due to its long local involvement in construction of the dead as mentioned earlier .
Mahendra गुफा perhaps taking the cue excavated his first cave - temple at Mandagappattu South Arcot district for the Hindu trinity Siva शिव Vishnu and Brahma .
Thus its craftsmen had the advantage of such excavations and cutting them into sandstone growing from about a millennium .
Consequently the first cave - temple was a large one in bold and ambitious forms in design .
Such cave - temples of the Chalukyas were excavated soon after the first cave - temple of गुफा at Badami Aihole and other places .
The front mandapa of the three or five shrine - cells on the rear side of the inner mandapa and are projected inside the mandapa all parts of the front of the vimana . like the कुदु or some of the pillars over which are described above .
The further superstructure of the vimana is not seen as in the interior part of a mandapa with a shrine at the rear .
The eight cave - temples of this type are at various stages of construction - the महिषमर्दिनी mandapam the स्थानीय mandapam ( the local name के mandapam ) a unfinished cave - temple at रामानुज mandapam called the भीतरी mandapam and the भीतरी mandapam .
In the मंडपम mandapam an attempt is made to cut a square central shrine with two rows of pillars all round which is covered by a मंडप monastery ( roof ) .
The Varaha mandapam and the गुफा cave - temples have a single sanctum while the Mahishamardini and the Ramanuja गुफा have three shrine - cells in them; the मंडपम mandapam has five shrine - cells in one row behind the mandapam .
The Jain rock architecture remained in the northern region for a long period .
This has been further rapidly developed under the lay - out particularly the Rashtrakutas in the Elephanta गुफाओं and the जोगेश्वरी caves at कैलास Kailasa at कैलास and जोगेश्वरी can be seen in their large चौमुख and रचनाओं structures such as the large चौमुख and कायों .
But rock architecture soon became subordinate to structural stone constructions in the southern region of the Chalukyas as are evident from the rest of the structures .
It was because of the fact that with the help of the mining of soft sandstone blocks the hard work of their art and carving and at the same time the hard work of stone - temples could have been built by the शिक्षित in Badami .
The structural creations of the Rashtrakuta period are however less pretentious medium and small in size and less तुलना than their rock - cut structures .
The फर्श plan of the cave - temples is however different from the structural temples in successive elevation to the floor level of the axial mandapas and shrines in the much raised floor of the sanctum floor though the ceiling ( ceiling ) has remained alike .
The समूह in the first group follow the scheme generalized by the later Buddhists in this area viz . चैत्य a cella and pillared cloister .
The third class is their वर्ग wherein the lateral shrine is represented as bas - relief sculptures with panels of octagonal and the Saptamatrika shrine - cells on the rear with a sandhara or principal cella often with a round passage .
In other respects it is a pointer to the early enunciation of the आनुष्ठानिक or ritual principles which were elaborated and re - codified in later times .
The mandapa in front of the earlier cave - temples has more bays on the lateral axis and there is only one bay on either side .
On the other hand in the Ajanta viharas the mandapa is of the मंडप scheme with a section round the central bay which is often larger than the rest .
While this नवरंग or नवरंग is repeated in the main scheme of the structural temples of the Chalukya - Rashtrakuta series the मंडप - mandapa type structures particularly those of the south west दक्कन rise to the Nayaka times in western Mysore and Malabar coast .
The नाभि or नाभि of the central nave is provided with only a सहित peripheral at one end of the vertical axis with only a peripheral section where the नाभि or the walls fall down from the lateral circular centre .
Such structural temples are the हैं in Aihole and the बादामी at Badami .
It is evident that this feature in rock architecture is compatible with contemporary and earlier brick and wood structures .
As a result the pillars inside the facade are generally not at the same distance as the central pillars having a wider antarala .
In Badami there are four cave - temples excavated at various heights on the vertical शैल of the sandstone rock .
The sanctum entrance is guarded by a large dvarapalas .
On the other hand the exhibition of the dwarf wall and दीवारगीर forms of the मुखाग्र stands near the Badami group and hence the first quarter of the seventh century .
The cave 20 . 22 हैं 23 हैं and 24 are also at this time .
The गुफा ( Cave 14 ) of the Ravana - ki - की is a large pillared mandapa and with a sandhara shrine behind .
The pillars are of the kumbha - हैं type .
On the entrance of the shrine there are several carved images including the two dvarapalas.
On the walls of the mandapa and between pilasters there are Saivite and Vaishnavite carved compositions .
The cella is rectangular and has a platform on the rear with a socket in it for Vishnu or Durga but not for Siva or linga .
This excavation can be dated near AD 700.
Cave 25 or the गुफा has numerous shrine - cells as in the पार्श्ववर्ती and the lateral galleries attached to the former chamber .
Cave 27 may be of the transitional period between the Chalukyas and the Rashtrakutas Cave 25 before this period should be composed of the द्वितियार्ध of the seventh century .
The गुफा . or Cave 15 is not only an old example but also the only two - storeyed cave - temple or cave - complex of very large size .
It is apparently a matter of renewal of whatever was made and cut out for Buddhist requirements .
This is an early example of Rashtrakuta work at Ellora .
Its front pavilion carries an inscription of का ( AD सन् - सन् ) and is a master work of contemporary architecture .
The detached Nandi - mandapa is four - pillared with flights of steps .
The facade of the temple which rises further is one of the two pillars of the , one above the square and reminiscent of the three - storeyed cave in Ajanta .
The groundfloor is a compartment with fourteen square pillars ; the upper talas are a large pillared mandapa with a shrine - cell with a भूतल nave and lateral aisles and a linga at the back .
The linga - pitha is circular .
The Jain excavations ( Cave 30 and 34 ) begin from about AD 800 in Ellora and reported the last phase of activity continuing till the next .
They have mostly followed the earlier Hindu examples in planning and design and differ only in their sculpture and iconography.
The Indra Sabha ( Cave 32 ) and the Jagannath Sabha ( Cave 33 ) together are both दुमंजिले excavations .
In the open forecourt of Indra Sabha there is a chaumukh Jain monolithic temple .
The lower storey of the cave is an unfinished hall mostly with simple pillars and अलंकरण on some pillars .
The hall has a pillared ड्यौढी and there are two lateral shrines on either side of the front .
The Jagannath Sabha though of the same type lacks the regularity of any scheme .
The only exception is the aberrant Undavalli cave - temple which is dedicated to Vishnu .
In the Saiva cave - temples the Nandi is rock - cut as in the Pandyan examples farther south.
According to the chronology the ' विजयवाडा ' गुफा ' cave at विजयवाडा comes first in its present form .
The last if not of direct Eastern Chalukyan vintage is of course a case of Telugu चालुक्य .
These cave - temples essentially consist of a rock - cut mandapa on the rear and one or more often with shrine - cells .
In some cases the mandapa is plain and in others multi - pillared multi - pillared or demarcated into the front and rear sections by two rows of pillars and pilasters .
The pillars are often square in plain मोटे thick वर्गाकार small and square in section with मध्य or ढलवां at the middle corners .
As a result their middle parts are octagonal while their base and apical sections are square in section .
The entrance which is another characteristic of the south . is called the महाद्वार महाद्वार according to its importance and size .
Often the additional mandapa was a हुआ and separate standing in the forecourt inside the prakara .
The importance of the main vimana with its adjunct the ardha - or mukha - mandapa was extended by a platform beneath the adhishthana .
The rest of the idols were accommodated to the pillars of the mandapa .
With the increasing importance and elaboration of rituals and multiplication of festivals additions both axial and peripheral were made to this central building .
It took the form of auxiliary mandapas and मठों - विमानों all round the central unit and subsidiary shrines or vimanas - LRB - विमानों - RRB - मठों mandapas and मठों ( मठों ) .
The whole complex was surrounded by one or more परिसरों the परिसरों one or more gopura . resulting in the familiar temple complex of south India .
In the construction of temples like the Brihadisvara at Thanjavur the whole temple was planned and executed almost simultaneously .
All this was strengthened by the desire to construct an impressive height on a relatively small scale on the floor of the aditala with an empty भुजाओं circular or oval spaces that could be projected from the lowest sides of the adhishthana with an upward revision .
This part is known as the भीतरी and marks the beginning of the भीतरी पद्म and भीतरी in which ढले are formed by the inverted भीतरी or भीतरी shaped भीतरी on the top of the stumps .
In earlier forms the panels are found large thick and square with पतला circular and thinner and smaller in later temples .
It supports the corbel - bracket or block - III which carries the beam or शहतीर .
Thus there are squatting or rearing vyalas - LRB - mythical lion - RRB - with half faces समान - LRB - elephants - RRB - चेहरों Nagas नाग etc .
The components of भुजाओं and भुजाओं can also be divided into six भुजाओं eight भुजाओं sixteen भुजाओं or more sides or circular in section .
The earliest series of temples consisted mostly of the विमान or विमान vimanas .
These small and medium - sized gopuras were single - or two - or three - storeyed . . etc .
From the end of the tenth century onwards when larger vimanas began to be built the main entrance corresponding large proportions were formed and the विमान or gopura or विमान came to be known .
The height and size of the main doorway also increased and they became the principal structures of the temple complex .
This can be seen particularly in the case of those ancient temples where the main vimana nucleus which was ancient was kept intact and the prakara and gopura complexes rolled round it in later times as in the Chidambaram Tiruvannamalai Madurai and the Chidambaram Tiruvannamalai Madurai .
Thus the significance arose from the vimana on the विमान resulting in the migration of the earlier temples at बृहदीश्वर in the case of the Brihadisvara temple at बृहदीश्वर while the क्षितिज from the main vimana stupi on the बाहरी gopura at the बाहरी .
While the विमान of the monolithic vimana began the construction of the structural temples of the same soft sandstone the Pallavas suffered from a very hard material and granite and सामना .
Besides carving out a few vimana forms in the form of miniature reliefs or full - scale विमान they also started carving out three - dimensional monolithic vimanas of normal size and variety .
This was the result of his experience in carving out a cave - temple in hard stone .
It was an idea of a clash between two conflicting निष्ठाओं and from that point of view it could be described as his earlier drama .
Here also the work deals with the forces of Brahminism and Hindu orthodoxy with the challenges of compassion and universal love and specially the teachings of the Buddha .
According to them the Buddha has the best tradition of Hindu caste and its thought .
He wanted to write a large number of poems and poems on Buddhist legends and कविताएं .
Malini the King ' s daughter in the play and one of Tagore ' s principal बौद्ध .
But the beautiful सात्विक and saintly woman in this play is not only life or जीवन but its chief enemy is a leader of Hindu orthodoxy whose religious strength in her personality is depicted with terror and arrogance .
There is not only a conflict between love and devotion to God but also between poetry and social necessity .
? is like the moon in the sky playing the sky - but is it the enduring reality ?
The two smallest प्रस्तर lack the prastara part .
Thus the ratha alone shows the varied phases of nasikas as described in the texts.
The two - storeyed Ganesa ratha is nirandhara with a narrow mukha - mandapa with the same length as the aditala .
The mandapa is walled on on its shorter sides and on the front corners leaving an open facade with vyala - based pillars and pilasters .
The Pallava practice of cutting out the monolithic temple forms was adopted not only by the Pallava cave - temples in south India but also to a far distant extent by others and a few monolithic temples of the southern and northern type from the hinterland of India .
After this pioneering work of the Pallavas some attempt at carving out of monolithic vimana forms in the same and next centuries in the Eastern Chalukyan region of प्रदेश in the north of the Pallava territory .
The smaller vimana is विमान - all square on plan but octagonal griva and sikhara and stupi on top .
While the aditala carries the hara elements over the top it has four भूत seated on the corners like the top .
The hara elements are found over the second tala on all four sides and over the ardha - mandapa in front of the aditala .
The talas are essentially पत्थर the top talas rise above the hara of the tala below the octagonal griva and sikhara stupi on top is made of polished black stone .
The pilasters on the aditala basis have rearing vyala bases characteristic of Rajasimha temples .
It is essentially square on its base and तलों but its east - facing aditala has a smaller oblong shrine corresponding to its adhishthana at the south west and north sides over corresponding to the adhishthana level over the middle .
The corresponding attachment to the east with the passage through which the भीतर construct antarala entrance to the main shrine .
The two lateral shrines facing east as also the rear shrine facing west are similar to the main shrine .
The जिला temple at जिला district is a very good example of a square adhishthana and a single - storeyed vimana square on which the apsidal griva sikhara superstructure.
It was built with hard black stone in the ninth century from the last rulers of the Pallava dynasty .
The niches of its walls have some fine devakoshthas which illustrate the definite ध्रुवीकरण of gods in the vimana and ardha - mandapa के in the niches of the southern and northern walls of the ardha - mandapa the southern and northern walls respectively .
The construction of का for the exit of the पानी water found in earlier temples is yet another noteworthy feature .
Though small पत्थरों but strictly hard stone construction and completion of it is attributed to the contemporary Pandyas of the south who have carved temples in their rock and the only stone structures in the southern series of पाषाण जिलों .
The series of small and elegant पाषाण - LRB - stone - RRB - temples at जिला जिला जिला जिला जिला जिला and जिला - LRB - Pudukkottai district - RRB - have square ekatala vimanas with less than 2 square metres on the ground and square over their cella .
In the context of the विमान विमान as mentioned above are the विमान . in addition to the vimana . with the vimana . in addition to the vimana - gods eight small परिवार - eight dedicated to the south - east and the enclosure wall .
The oblong form with sala sikhara became an invariable rule for all devi temples .
His stories created a new form in literature and created a model which has not been surpassed in Indian literature .
Apart from his creative prose the bulk of his writings in this period are astonishing.
There are probably hardly any themes including philosophy and science left by writing which he said all these things had begun to new thinking and understanding .
The five elements are dramatically illustrated : air and water स्त्रीवाची the inquisitive and emotional वायु the three are stolid and opportunist air an idealist and ether .
With all these things the writer himself plays the role of an intermediary - sometimes it shows his real form and sometimes explains a variety of ideas - an Indian Plato whose eyes are मध्यस्थ .
On the outer wall of the square aditala four karnakutas at the corners of its prastara and four salas over the intervening bays of the wall have been extended forward extending the adhishthana to a more square pattern .
The central bays of its walls have devakoshthas for sculptures of Siva as on the vimana wall and cut at intervals .
These two temples show some advanced features such as the elaborately carved over - door over the shrine entrance in addition to the niche decoration already noticed in the पूजाकक्ष and one on the floor of the shrine with a water - raised channel on the north .
The विमान standing on an outer horns between the hills of Badami is a very simple structure with a massive विमान vimana selected from a large section of sandstone with an open mandapa of almost the same width .
The ham of four karnakutas and four salas of the aditala of the vimana is extended over the mandapa in front the two lateral karnakutas at the front .
The second tala of the vimana also carries the same four kutas and four salas .
The four other large karnakutas are joined by the griva sikhara छिपा that hide the corners of the octagonal griva and छिपा the छिपा . of the octagonal sikhara .
The cardinal faces of the griva have nasikas of equal sizes .
The three bays on the vimana wall correspond to the two extreme karnakutas and central sola on the other side with plain rectangular niches for sculptures of the gods .
His countrymen like these shrewd and देशवासी statements and like to quote them ; it is a matter of wisdom or wisdom but it is more pleasant to make - believe .
While Rabindranath was writing such lines he did not want anything more in his life to see the lovely scenes from his boat on the river but gradually he was restless for more active and lively existence .
Then there was a great deal of commotion in the atmosphere the sleeping वातावरण of nationalism was beginning to stir in his land and the British Government was gradually shaken and shaken .
Beneath its cloak of benevolence the sword . .
In 1898 the Sedition Bill was passed to stifle nationalist agitation and Tilak was arrested .
On the day the Bill became a law - LRB - a - RRB - the poet jumped into the fray and read his famous article at the public meeting of Calcutta .
He raised his voice against the repressive policy of the Government and also participated actively in raising funds for Tilak .
Soon after the plague broke out in Calcutta he assisted Sister Nivedita in organising relief and medical aid to the victims of this terrible disaster .
The poet was gradually changing to his people as a pioneer of परित्राणपूर्ण and national aspirations . He was not only raising his voice but directly providing his active services .
It is so far known or at the highest level with a 66 metres high and stands on a square basis a length of 28 metres in length and an imposing upa - pitha in the exact proportion of the three storeys .
The same upa - pitha and adhishthana have been extended further as the basic structure of the ardha - maha - mandapa maha - mandapa and mukha - mandapa with a view to the north south cross the upa - pitha and the upa - pitha platform .
The maha - and mukha - mandapas are closed on their sides and form a central nave and lateral aisles which in the maha - mandapa part are raised as a continuous platform on both sides of the central passage formed by the navel .
The structures of a roof over the pillars and front . form an open porch or agra - mandapa with a later replacement on the adhishthana and upa - pitha with a flight of steps over the sides .
While the transversely designed mukha - mandapa and the connecting गलियारा rise to four storeys the maha - mandapa was originally महामंडप .
The upper storey was evidently an open terrace with a row of Nandis placed on the coping of its walls.
The basal part of the vimana enclosing the sanctum is a double - storeyed and वाला in the sandhara system the two outer and inner walls are of a uniform thickness and दीवारें .
Both these walls enclose inner भीतरी at the bottom of the two storeys since the inner wall too rises vertical heights to accommodate the colossal linga and the equally immense linga - pitha in the sanctum .
The बाहरी outer wall similar to the adhishthana below has emerged in sections on each side of the inner recesses of the bays one on either side of the bays in the south पश्चिम west and north with a two - storeyed entrances on the inner के
As befitting his political activities he finds the same mood and energy in his literary productions of that period . His heroic lyrics , poems and dramatic episodes have been recreated in the past.
As the Greek philosopher has expressed his views in his book The देवताओं of gods and the praises of worthy actions are such poems which can be accepted in our state .
For if you are to admit the pleasurable muse in songs and rhymes - we need a greater possession of joy and sorrow instead of law . "
The question is whether the philosopher has ignored the joy and sorrow that are the pulse of life and without which the legal state and nothing else will fulfil the uniformity of life vacuum .
Whatever may be Plato ' s approval of Tagore would perhaps be अल्पस्थायी .
In this period there are two important collections of Tagore : Katha and रवीन्द्रनाथ ( respectively ) which are masterpieces of narrative verse and dramatic dialogue .
The lyric poets the dramatist and the playwrights who had gathered by their talents had some of them as a great asset to their readers and who loved not only their young people but also their spectators .
A situation in which there is a slight hint in the Mahabharata may be seen as an extension of dramatic possibilities in it by his ability to see his ear Kunti or कुंती in the prayer of the Indian poetry .
Apart from his sophisticated poetry ; skill and dramatic energy these poems have a constant fascination for basic moral and spiritual values .
The moulded adhishthana over a high upa - pitha is likewise sandhara in its two vertical lower talas .
The Brihadisvara vimana of का is different in an important aspect in its predecessor and so - called model at Thanjavur .
For both the functional निम्नतलों it has only one entrances east and is not या or सर्वतोभद्र as the Thanjavur temple .
The बाहरी thin के superstructure of the upper talas on the third tala has been worked out by a system of कदलिका which झुका the outer lines of the corners opposite the extreme simple lines of the Thanjavur vimana .
It is a का achievement which results in the सन्निविष्ट of the octagonal kutas in the hara elements of the upper talas .
It may be said that the outer form of this vimana is best of its predecessor in diversity of excellence and clear - cut design .
However आंतरिक internally it is devoid of other embellishments like paintings and dances .
The smaller temple units called the Uttara Kailasa and Dakshina Kailasa on either side of the main vimana are almost the same period .
The wholly apsidal and विमान main vimana built of the काले temple near Madras is another fine temple though smaller structures of Rajendra I .
The installation inscription is interesting in the sense that it defines the stone used in the construction as Krishna and gives details of the parts of the vimana from which the aircraft has been decorated .
The three outer entrances of the mandapa are flanked by two सीढियों of the adhishthana and upa - pitha below the elevation of the adhishthana and upa - pitha platform with two miniature vimanas on either side of the ground .
The bases and three pilasters of the मंडप and peripheral pillars carry on them some generations later ( excavations ) in the second corner of the मंडप in which the दीवारें and peripheral walls were built into a closed screen .
The adhishthana tiers of the vimana antarala and mandapa are profusely carved with long lines of friezes of animals पशुओं men and narrative scenes .
The overhanging kapota of the mandapa is adorned by numerous finely carved female figures in graceful poses known as नारी .
The superstructure of the main vimana is now lost .
The pillars inside the mandapa are exquisitely lathe - turned or intricately carved and some of them carry fine bold figure sculptures.
The raised मंडप - like central ceiling of the mandapa rising into eight tiers by stepped - up triangular slabs cutting successfully corners constitutes a sort of octagonal hollow dome with all the tiers intricately carved.
Thus the temple is a veritable museum of sculptures small large and intricate floral पशु and animal carvings.
The top has also been square .
The mandapa with folded sides has four carved pillars one on its central circumference with a raised floor and terrace with a lotus - net of nine squares .
The गांव temple consecrated by रेड्डी Reddi at almost के in the other part of the village is a more elegant structure rich in carving and sculpture .
It has a east - facing vimana and open mukha - mandapa connected by a gap .
The mandapa is of the navaranga pattern with four central pillars on the central part of the floor and twelve pillars on the periphery .
The triple temple attached to the मुखमंडप is a unit of मंदिरों three of which open the south मुखमंडप west and north of a common mukha - mandapa .
These three shrines are comparatively simple structures with large slabs of stone with no decorations on the outer .
These temples named शिव शिव and शिव ( now शिव Siva ) were built by the famous Reddi at the beginning of the thirteenth century .
The ruined brickwork superstructure has lost many of its distinctive features .
The temple complex inside the mud fort at वारंगल ( Warangal district ) inside the village is another example of the Kakatiya temple complex .
The ruins of a mandapa in front of the eastern पूर्वी .
The surrounding parivara shrines are of varied character with or without a front mandapa .
Some of them have tiered superstructures still extant with the projected sukanasika the kuta sala of the southern vimana style .
Many of these summits are square .
In one case at least the crowning part is of the amalaka type .
There are about a dozen temples inside the fort of किले but none of them is very fine and many of them are mere structures like Virabhadra के के Ram के Vishnu के के के के देवी देवी and देवी temple .
In the same district there are small temples at जिले ( जिले ) which have lost their superstructures .
In many cases the superstructure over the stone - building in the larger temples is of brick and mortar .
These miniature shrine tops here and elsewhere are of the vimana type with a square or circular sikhara or prasada type with an amalaka on top .
Another remarkable decorative motif is seen in the shape of a क्रॉस ( क्रॉस ) or a four - storeyed क्रॉस in the shape of a cross - border or a cross - section which was used further to the मंदिरों temples of the Vijayanagar empire .
Some fifty temples of the के are known but most of them are in various stages of collapse .
However some of them are of the pattern of the Chalukya - Rashtrakuta vimana with varying ideas .
The structural stone - temple the final phase after the early Muslim inroads into the south which had abated the hitherto continuous temple - building activity was reduced to a period of half a century .
In the middle of the fourteenth century the rise of the Vijayanagar Empire with the stopping of the Muslim conquest expedition ( which soon engulfed the entire peninsula and created a vigorous and dynamic temple architecture by the construction of the complexes and निर्माणों .
The architectural traditions of Vijayanagar or Hampi carrying on its capital to the north of its empire and their southern provinces were inherited from the later generations .
Thus in the Deccan their northern jurisdiction in Andhra and Karnataka areas their temples have survived much inspired by the चालुक्यों चालुक्यों . while in Tamil Nadu and south Kerala their cave - temples continued the features of the Pallava Chola - Pandya architecture .
But as has been pointed out the परंपरा so far as the northern areas are concerned they made a special change - the tradition and technique of construction with rigid stones at all places in their vast empire and hitherto prevalent .
The राजधानी in their large capital of Hampi now ruined are several temples : all of the hard stone structures that represent one of the features of the Chalukya - Rashtrakuta - Hoysala - Kakatiya series and Pallava - Chola - Pandya series .
वेल्लोर ( जिला district ) वेल्लोर ( वेल्लोर district ) and Vellore ( North वेल्लोर ) ; their subsequent capitals and their provincial capitals or their representatives are at Vellore ( South राजधानियों ) तंजावुर ( South राजधानियों ) .
Some of their temples are remarkable for the large size of mandapas and gopuras as in their component structures .
It was a definite deviation and forced the विजयनगर and the विजयनगर to think in terms of new materials and to reflect upon them the best of their talent and the ability to express themselves from the point of view of numbers and qualities .
He was a सन्यासी of the Sringeri Sankaracharya lineage lineage ordained by the great धर्म Guru गुरु or सन्यासी and he himself became सन्यासी .
Under the patronage of the saint Virupaksha first celebrated its coronation ceremony on April 18 राजधानी at the new capital and in the witness of Lord Virupaksha the king took a pledge to rule over the State as the symbol of the मुद्रा .
Then there was a thundering wind and the queen who was looking forward to see what was going on if there was a fire .
He found a simple आग nearby and ordered his retinue to set fire .
The raging fires in the हवा of the wind had become even more high and they returned to the palace with a happy smile as it was a morning full of joy .
The king sent for the queen and asked Why did she do so ? "
The queen gave a smiling response : " What harm has happened to the skies ?
The king replied : " You yourself ' and they ordered the queen to leave the palace without depriving them of all their riches and precious wealth .
He ordered : Go and earn your livelihood .
Then you will know how great you have done it by burning this poor man for a moment ' s delight .
On the same day you may be able to get up again with the रानी I shall take you to the queen ?
But the idea of the worship of the gods and the praises of worthy actions was not fully realised by the poet whose talents were primarily and प्रचंड and subjective .
This form is similar to those found in the विरासत temples of the Orissan legacy in the north - east and the दक्कन on the north - west of the Deccan in western India .
The found temples at Hampi and around which constitute the maximum collection of Vijayanagar . The Yoga of Self - Perfection द्विभाजन is amply द्विभाजन from one of these two basic भंडारों either by अनुरूपता or in conformity with the other .
But even in the early years of the rising empire the challenge of building a nation which was in keeping with the dignity and pride of the resurgent empire the विजयनगर of Vijayanagar responded to it with some effective and daring use but nevertheless abnormal references .
The central shrine will indicate that the second date would indicate that the large stone temple at present would have been built up to पूर्णवस्था by this year .
Thus it can be seen that the temple was founded within a few years of the establishment of विजयनगर the city and the empire .
The temples built by local red granite can be the largest of the Vijayanagar temples and the axial mandapas are connected to one unit .
On plan it is a double - storeyed plinth at the aditala and mandapa prastara a double apse or आदितल with two large pillars joining each other on its open ends resulting in a long circular or elliptical .
The outer curved apse ends gradually face east and west .
His life - god gradually claims his dues. " I left my heart to this world and you made it your own .
But no idol - worshipper is so easily distinguishable from his nature ( Devi ) that the lover of life does not sacrifice so fast to his manifold love for any special piety .
For sheer delight in the creation of forms the liveliness of mood the liveliness of thought and liveliness of language the exquisite frivolity of genius Tagore never wrote anything finer than this collection of poetry in his life .
He made full use of its powers with the colloquial language and its abbreviated sounds and drew revolutionary changes in the future of Bengali poetry .
It was in this language that the people finally gained their language which they made the language of literature .
In one of his lovely poems he asked for forgiveness of his mood of speed and liveliness of his mood which would not allow him to live in the monsoon as the world दमन in its वर्षा and excited .
And with his followers he could hardly have been a Bengali reader .
But this exquisite extension of the peak enthusiasm was a joyful frenzy and उन्माद These were all - अंतराल उन्माद and were indeed grateful to the passing century .
His gifted to the new century was indeed very different .
And his two books which were totally opposite to each other were very soon published in the end of 1900 and another one published in 1901 .
Some of these were later compiled in अंग्रेजी ( English ) .
He is subdued by the presence of God between God and human beings and in these poems the high flight of imagination or dexterity of thought or emotional exuberance and metrical movements .
The poet has realised his helplessness and will henceforth seek his light from him .
All this is because it is with .
In my house you burn your lamp with the burning of air and the fumes
In his written reply he added that he was totally helpless if he did not believe in the सिपाहियों he would kill him and his wife Zeenat Mahal and he even said that he would take me from the throne .
It is therefore worth noting as to how far my hands were or why I agreed to them ?
I was in their possession What could I do ?
He suddenly came and made me prison .
My condition was such that I was weary of my life and there was no hope of avoiding my officers .
Neither did I take anything from them nor did they bring any लूट to me .
One day he went to the palace of Zeenat Mahal trying to लूटपाट but failed to break the door .
It should therefore be noted that they were not subservient to my orders .
I had not gone into a procession with my own will .
He was to protect me from the rebel soldiers who were my servants .
While the सैनिक were preparing to escape I escaped from the palace window and hid in Humayun ' s Tomb .
From this place I was sent to the assurance that my life would be spared and then I immediately transferred myself to the government .
The सैनिक wanted me to take with them but I did not go . "
Finally he said: " I have already stated that the officers of the army are responsible for the police officers who have been in charge of the army without my knowledge " I am sure they have been forced by one .
The whole defence shows how weak and weak Bahadur Shah was at the time of trial .
They had neither the courage left nor the pride of being Mughal .
He wanted to assure him that he had nothing at his own discretion and he had become such a puppet in the hands of men and officials who had no option but to sign the सैनिकों and the सैनिकों .
It seems that his sole concern was to save his life and his wife who had till then begun to hate him .
In his written statement to win the sympathy of the court he even said that his army had alleged him and his wife to help the British .
He said: " Not only that those men ( soldiers ) fought against my servants particularly my doctor उल्ला Khan महबूब Ali Khan and Begum Zeenat Mahal trying to send and गांठ to the British .
But the emperor was neither in a position to cross - examine the witnesses nor was he advised to do so .
All the evidence was against him ; no one raises any questions and on the basis of these अनजांचे evidence the Advocate General made his opinion .
The prosecutor for the government : the Advocate General again addressed the court .
He gave a brief account of the recent history of the Revolt from the beginning of the insurrection and the brief record of Bahadur Shah ' s criticism against the Emperor clearly stated that all charges against the prisoner were fully borne by the statements and documents .
He said : " We should stop to enquire whether it has been proved in court and can be repeated years later that the last King of the Taimur was an दुष्टता in this दुष्टता .
These murders were committed by a number of witnesses in front of a dozen witnesses by their servants in the open - air बंदी within the walls of the palace where the memory of the Company was in spite of the Government .
However I did not want to infer that these murders had already been sanctioned by the prisoner or not because in the court of justice only such inference were not accepted
They do not agree that the foreigners should be blamed entirely for the ills and shortcomings of their own country and that those who suffer without opposition are both guilty in the eyes of God .
When the poet wrote it he was not aware of the fact that within a few years this truth would be proclaimed and vindicated .
In this he condemned the nationalism of a blind love to the nation and saw the end of the tragedy in the West in the midst of the cruel and bloody battle of the Boer War .
It is also a surprising fact that during this period of deep religious and moral idealism Tagore wrote two novels : रवीन्द्रनाथ नीड ( घोसला ) and घोसला Bali ( नैतिक ) which laid the foundation of the Indian novel .
The novels before them written by Bankimchandra Chatterji or by Tagore himself were full of romantic romances or social नाटक - or both of them had a mixed form .
The modern novel whether realistic or psychological or some problem is written in the centre of these two novels in Indian literature .
The plot of the dilapidated nest is a story of the family tragedy of the busy editor of a daily newspaper which has little room for her young and extremely devoted wife .
A lively and versatile young man who is the husband ' s nephew in the relationship brings with him a little solace and communication .
Both inspire and encourage each other to write and both thus emerge as a budding writer .
But at the same time the inevitable complications arise and the happy nest is destroyed .
He added : " His son Mirza Mughal and Delhi and vice - versa.
Bahadur Shah was elected to the Emperor and on the evidence and circumstances established by his authority on 11 May 1858 said : " Mirza Mughal was openly elected as the Commander - in - Chief and shortly after his honour .
Subedar Bakht Khan was appointed on 11 July 1857 as Governor General and Commander .
Whatever was done under the authority of these two persons was done under the legal authority of the king . "
A writ was issued by the king on September 6 1857 with several other documents .
Who else could have given such an order ? "
Based on certain documents put in the court diary it was proved that 49 Europeans were murdered by the consent of the king .
The British were their prisoners and the soldiers demanded that they should be handed over to them .
The Emperor accepted his demand and asked the soldiers to do whatever he wanted .
The prosecutor also referred to certain circulars which were sent to the ruler of Kutch chief of Jaisalmer and the ruler of Jammu . "
As regards the support and encouragement provided by the ruler to the rebels in the 11th and 20th of the Indian Army : " We have evidence that the soldiers of the Indian army had previously been destroyed by the soldiers of the 11th and 20th .
Nothing was hidden from this moment and there was no attempt to disguise .
After the speech of the एडवोकेट Advocate General the court adjourned to consider the case and arrive at a conclusion
On 9th March 1858 when the court अदालत it pronounced this decision : " On the basis of the evidence produced the court has come to the conclusion that the ex - King बहादुरशाह Bahadur Shah was convicted of all charges against him .
The decision was endorsed by Major General of the Meerut Division on April 2 1858 at Camp सहारन and the court was dismissed for an indefinite period .
Many writers have criticised Bahadur Shah for accepting the trial .
He was not British subjects and therefore there was no justification for his trial before the Tribunal .
It is also a better form in its integrity and structure - composed in more complex scenario .
The story revolves around the dilemma of human relationships and gradually takes a sudden toll of the soft and serious Bengali family - where a widow mother lives with her only child .
To see all this one would think of what was happening in this Indian home because of his numerous inhibitions and restricted social relations .
But the hearts of the apparently quiet have roused wild and violent passions and the whole house is almost तबाह even if there is no fire and smoke .
On the whole the first year of the twentieth century was a significant year in Tagore ' s life and it was in every way advantageous - no rest for his life as a man of his own art and his mission as a man .
His lover gradually became a teacher and the poet had now become a का .
All he knew was that he was no longer in a position to see the family estates and destiny was calling him to be active in the vast field .
In those days कलक्ता was a city of incessant clamour and there was a queer mix of अरुचि and अरुचि in the heart .
He wanted peace for his work and wanted to be adequately active in leisure between the author and the writer .
What better place than Santiniketan ?
On the basis of the statements made by you in the Brahmo Public Opinion you showed no evidence of the situation and made them eligible for public censure without committing an enquiry .
There was no basis for this censure but it is evident from the facts ( which you have rightly stated ) that the details in the Brahmo Public Opinion and your observations based on it were entirely unfounded .
It is quite right that the European judges particularly those of the Hindu society do not know much about the religious ideas and sentiments of the Hindu society and if such an occasion come are to advise and advise the people on this issue .
But it is clear from your own affidavit and your counsel Banerjee ' s statement that you agree that the learned judge did everything in his own way to know the truth of this case and not injure the religious sentiment of your country .
So it is for us to consider what punishment you should give .
It is indeed a pity that a person like yours who was once a member of a civil service is now a सम्मानार्थ in honour of a letter and now भडकाने his hold on the High Court without prejudice .
You have made an effort to आरोप your offence in your affidavit to say that the accused Mr Justice Norris was based on the report of the Brahmo Public Opinion which you considered right and you showed the धृष्टता .
Not only that but , admitted that your allegations were entirely false and unfounded and did not make any attempt to know their truth - you believe that these charges were entirely good for the good of the people .
" You have made a mention in your affidavit in the Brahmo Public Opinion which appears to be of the opinion of Mr Justice Norris but has no connection with the court proceedings .
The British judge was above the level of highly ब्रिटिश criticism .
रामकुमार De was given no punishment .
Justice Mitter . who showed rare courage to dissent did not agree with the majority opinion and determination .
He opposed such severe punishment in such a case .
He said : " Most of the members of the court regret that they do not match the opinion of the fellow judge Mitter in determining the punishment .
The trial indicated by the learned judge is well - acquainted with him but the first thing is that the facts of that case are very different from those of England where many such convictions were found .
Though the affidavit filed by Surendra Nath Banerjea was clear and unequivocal still the judges were bent upon teaching him a lesson .
It was a well - known fact that Surendra Nath Banerjea was not only a good orator and politician but a renowned scholar and a master of English language .
He took full advice from his counsel and nothing was vague in his affidavit .
Nevertheless the Chief Justice said :
After knowing that if you said on consideration you feel that the charges imposed by you on Mr Justice Dwarakanath Mitter were unreasonable and absolutely निराधार and that you would not agree with somebody else you would like to beg .
This decision was passed on Saturday 24th April 1869 and on April 27 1869 Mr Taylor was released on the 27th April .
The complexion of guilt in the case of Mr Taylor was not lighter than that of Surendra Nath Banerjee .
On 18th July 1893 Justice B . 1893 observed that in view of the rules of Criminal Procedure Code 1882 he has come to the conclusion that the High Court has been accused against contempt for the law .
In 1889 Rabindranath had his wife and five daughters - two of whom three daughters and two sons - in - law and arrived at जमींदारी where his जमींदारी were .
But it was not only important for him to teach his child to a अफरातफरी - संतान he needed what he thought should be applied on a large scale and to go to Santiniketan a small measure .
His imagination had already आदर्शीकृत images of the आदर्शीकृत or the forest - आश्रम where scholars lived with their disciples and taught them simple living and high thinking .
Thus he revived the ancient ideal and replaced the mechanical system of education which the British rulers had imported from their semi - colonial settlements - in new and constructive patterns which seem to be both interesting and interesting .
They had to lay in the modern or harmonious framework of the ancient energy which was to engulf the old size in a new mould .
On 22 December 1901 he founded his school at Santiniketan with five students one of them was his eldest son and some of them were with him .
He named it आश्रम आश्रम आश्रम like the ancient forest आश्रमों .
The traditional Hindu must have really been very much enamoured of these five teachers three were Christians - and an Englishman - his sons .
But this was always his way of tradition and his interpretation of the dead .
His sentences were reduced from death to transportation for life .
The two judges gave different decisions .
He was unanimous in बरी B . H . थे .
Among other twelve others उल्लासकर Ullaskar Dutt . Ullaskar Dutt . . Indra Ray . परेश परेश परेश परेश परेश परेश परेश परेश परेश परेश and उल्लासकर In this context he confirmed his judgement under Section 121 - A .
His sentences under Section 121 - A . K . Krishna सेन Sen Sushil Sen and Indra . were anxious to acquittal though the judge wanted to change his life under Section 121 - A .
Some interesting aspects of the trial are taken before the magistrate Mr मैजिस्ट्रेट 76 days .
The trial in the Sessions Court continued for 131 days .
The appeal was heard in the High Court for 47 days .
Being unequal in both the judges the third judge heard for 20 days.
The number of documents filed : if counted individually was over 4 000 pages and showed articles and articles contained in हथियार हथियार हथियार हथियार tools etc .
His approver . ( जेल ) was murdered by two हत्या जेल before the trial in jail .
The prosecution consequently lost its evidence in the Sessions court .
Banerjee a police officer was shot before the witness and his murderer was never captured .
The most dramatic event was the murder of Babu Ashutosh Biswas the public prosecutor who was one day in the absence of Mr Norton .
Within the four walls of the Sessions Court a young man shot at his back and in turn lost his life at the gallows .
Mr Norton was allowed to keep a loaded pistol in his trial .
In सावरकर Savarkar gathered around him several Indian students to collect a book on the technique of bomb - making and sent it to India after his किया .
Soon afterwards in London Madanlal सावरकर of Savarkar group had also been exiled to kill Curzon कर्जन .
Meanwhile revolutionaries in India had become quite active .
In 1910 नासिक shot the Collector of Nasik to avenge the transportation of his brother .
The steamer in which he was being taken to India escaped from his भूमि and landed on French soil near मर्साई but his guards caught him .
He was brought back to India and was tried by a special tribunal on charges of sedition .
On the first July 1910 the steamer which took Savarkar to India began its historic voyage .
Hard security arrangements were made on board .
In S . S . S . 1910 some engine damage was caused and forced to anchor at Marseilles on the evening of 7 July 1910 .
This was not only a threat but also a great adventure and Savarkar took up with great wisdom .
He began firing on the escaping prisoner .
The thief who followed him ran away as the thief the thief and सिपाही and Savarkar was forcibly dragged away from the French policeman .
It was a misfortune for Savarkar ' s colleagues that they reached a few hours later .
On 8th July 1910 the brave deeds of Savarkar 's escape but the unsuccessful effort shook the conscience of the world.
The ship sailed for India and reached Aden where another ship was transferred to M . S . जहाज . जहाज .
The guards huddled him into a tiny cabin four feet square which he could hardly stand .
Savarkar who had been shut in सावरकर . Savarkar came to India with all these circumstances in an सामना manner.
पहुंचा reached Bombay without any accident .
On 22 July 1910 the prince of Indian revolutionaries Savarkar was received at Bombay harbour .
A closed नासिक fired him into a safe special train which took him to the police custody of Nasik .
She would do well only at the time of her dressing her children better .
She was no longer a रहीं .
He acquired proficiency not only in his own language but also in English and Sanskrit .
With her husband ' s inspiration she translated the original Sanskrit Ramayana into Bengali .
He also acted in a drama Raja O Rani and made his role very lively .
And there is no surprise that he ultimately won his husband ' s heart and the husband had ample proof of his love when he was on his bed .
Those days did not have a flash of lightning and his हाथ हाथ have recorded how each time Tagore had his hand - fan steadily झलते
On the night at which he passed away he wandered over the night of the terrace and told him that he would not disturb him .
The fact that he was brought to India on a non - legal warrant was not a matter of consideration for him .
The Special Tribunal held a decision on a person whose case was pending before the arbitrator of the Hague .
In a country ruled by imperialism justice also assumes an autocratic face and जोखिम truth .
It is important to point out that Lord सिडेनहैम ' s Government was not satisfied with this order of transportation but made another case against Savarkar .
This time charging him with abetment of the murder of Mr Jackson the Collector of Nasik .
They were presented to the Special Tribunal .
The same drama was repeated .
Mahatma Gandhi ' s case ( 1922 ) Mahatma Gandhi and the publisher of Young India " Young India 2 - 4 for the four articles खिलाफ against the British in this letter were tried under Section 124 - A of the Indian Penal Code .
It was the first trial which concerned the legality and morality of the non - co - operation movement .
The Hon 'ble Chief Justice of Gujarat High Court J . M . न्यायालय had written about this case :
Barring the trial of Socrates there would be hardly a trial in the whole human history of mankind which had so much raised as Gandhiji ' s case and had such a deep impact on human life .
In the approach adopted by Socrates and Gandhiji to prosecute him there is a equality that both gave a greater status to truth than law and greeted the punishment for breaking law . "
The trial of Gandhiji is similar to that of Socrates because it concerns itself with dedication to the State on the one hand and on the other with a sense of morality and duty in which the person believes .
On 4 March 1922 the Governor - General puts the following orders with the consent of Gandhiji and his publisher सुपरिंटेंडेंट A No. पुलिस of the Indian Police under Section 196 of Criminal Procedure .
CA: The article was the date of the numbers they publish .
राजद्रोह : A Virtue 15 June 1921 .
स्वामिभक्ति on स्वामिभक्ति 29 September 1921
A puzzle and its solution reached 15th December 1921 1921
महात्मा from sleep 23 February 1922 Mahatma Gandhi and बैंकर Banker were arrested on 11 March 1922 in the presence of Mr L . N . Brown .
The accused were brought before the trial by मोहनदास आश्रम आश्रम आश्रम आश्रम आश्रम आश्रम बैंकर बैंकर बैंकर बैंकर बैंकर बैंकर बैंकर बनिया चौपाटी चौपाटी चौपाटी चौपाटी चौपाटी चौपाटी चौपाटी चौपाटी चौपाटी चौपाटी चौपाटी चौपाटी Bombay मैजिस्ट्रेट ( किसान ) .
My name is मोहनदास .
My father ' s name is Karamchand Gandhi .
My age is about 53 .
I am a Hindu बनिया from caste .
I am farmers and weavers .
All the evidences are given in your presence .
Do you say anything about it ?
" And I hereby direct that you be sued by the said court .
I have no other alternative but to commit you to the Sessions Court for the trial because the prosecution is too serious to deal with it . "
The trial was committed to the Court of Sessions Ahmedabad on the plea of 'guilty' under Section 124 - A of the Indian Penal Code .
People from all over the country took interest in the trial and came to see him from far off .
The personality of the accused in the court - in the form of a Mahatma and a teacher his profound influence on the world the nature of the charges . the issues relating to trial and the potential consequences of India .
The trial began at दोपहर p . m . C . S . हुआ . R . H . R . S . हुआ ) .
The accused were brought into custody five minutes before twelve .
Nevertheless the whole court rose to show its honour at that moment when it was worn in coarse and scanty पहने a mentally retarded personality Mahatma Gandhi arrived with his devoted disciples and fellow - accused अदालत .
" So you are sitting near me so that you can support my defeat and make fun of them as you discover the happy joy of the whole world in their depths .
In the same issue there was another article of 28th July 1921 : " We were told to destroy the system . "
Again there was another article on the 30th September 1921 : " Punjab Prosecution which says that a विद्रोह should preach a revolt in its name .
These articles were written before ' स्वामिभक्ति ' and pointing to them by the Bombay Government .
The Advocate General also added that the accused was a man of high education and a popular leader because of his writings the articles are injurious because his writer is no obscure person but an educated man .
The Advocate General asked the court to consider the nature of the campaign proposed in these articles and the result was clearly visible in Bombay and Thana in November .
There were murders and destruction of property had been done and many people had to suffer and misery .
The Advocate General admitted that though non - violence was preached in these articles what was its use though preach disaffection towards the British Government or openly instigated people to overthrow it .
Perhaps the most unhappy person present there was a judge .
He restrained his emotions cleared his voice gathered his strength and pronounced his oral judgement in careful and restricted words .
Some readers may normally suspect that these poems full of innocent delight for children were written during periods of great dejection and anguish .
He had not only to nurse his ailing daughter but also to look after those two young ones who were totally dependent on her in the absence of her mother .
For their pleasure they have to hide their grief and depression and share their little interests and listen to their सुननी .
A meeting of infants on the seashore of infinite world.
In September 1903 nine months after his mother ' s death Renuka died at the age of thirteen .
This precocious child was a very favourite daughter of his father and his father was a child .
He kept himself busy with his work and continued to fill the pages of his literature .
However the possibility of launching a major conspiracy case against the prominent leftist leaders was being considered since 1927 but the first concrete reference to it was received by Lord Irwin in 13th September 1928 .
At that time the " Public Safety Bill ( Public Safety Bill ) was घिसट in the Assembly and the Viceroy had pointed out something :
On 14th March the Viceroy ' s Council sanctioned the arrest of thirty - one leftist leaders on the ground that he had conspired to deprive the King of the sovereignty of British India and thus under Section 121 - A of the Indian Penal Code .
Under Section 196 of Criminal Penal Code 1898 Mr M . A . गुप्तचर officer of the Intelligence Bureau filed a complaint in the court of the judge of Meerut district .
Among the thirty - one accused were two British nationals . . and कम्युनिस्ट the well - known Indian communist leader P . C . Joshi and S . A . डांगे .
On 20 March 1929 large - scale arrests were made in a dozen towns .
The news of the arrest created a stir in India .
Dr . Dharamvir Singh said that he was never a communist but as a follower of Gandhi was anti - communist objectives and methods .
H . S . H . मानवतावादी argued that he was a " Parsi humanitarian " whereas मजदूर claimed himself as a peasant and worker " .
The first phase of the Meerut conspiracy case the magistrate enquiry ended on 15 December 1929 after seven months .
On 13th January 1930 thirty - one out of thirty - two accused were tried .
Apart from Dr Dharamvir Singh all the prisoners were committed to the court of Special Sessions at Meerut .
M. N. Roy could not be arrested at that time and was consequently tried separately .
The first such petition was given to the Chief Justice of Allahabad on 16th July 1929 .
He rejected it saying that the trial was being conducted in the most normal conditions of this country and he did not think that it would cause any inconvenience and that everybody would get used to the comfort of Meerut . "
The final petition on January 24 1930 was moved by Sir Tej Bahadur Sapru .
He appealed to the Chief Justice of Allahabad.
On 27 January 1930 the Chief Justice dismissed the petition and ordered the trial to be conducted in the Meerut Sessions court .
He said that a jury could not adopt a judicial view .
He added that he was not in favour of a jury trial since the jury would have to study and understand a large number of documents . For any member of the jury it would be a supreme task .
Consequently only a single judge could give a fair and just decision in such a case . "
The second phase of the conspiracy trial began before R. L. यार्क and five Indian assessors in the court of Special Sessions at Meerut on 31st January 1930 .
The prosecution rested its case on 17th March 1931 after examining 281 witnesses and producing 2,600 documents .
Then a formal defence of the accused was made and a formal statement of the prisoners was presented .
The trial reached its final stage on 16th June 1932 when the special prosecutor for the Crown Mr M . L . . delivered a closing speech almost two months .
Conclusion The Meerut trial was from the beginning a political trial .
As the proceedings progressed they became a propagandist on both sides .
The chief public prosecutor Mr अभियोक्ता James the Deputy Director General who attacked on the national and international communism in the choicest terms and gave the communists an enemy of civilised society .
In turn the राजनीतिक defendants used this opportunity to make political speeches and propaganda statements in court .
Most of the accused particularly the communists had decided to make such statements as would help publicise the ideology and programme of the Communist Party .
To achieve this objective each accused produced personal defence before the joint statement .
The Meerut trial belongs to the order of which the United States trial and the फ्रांस trial trial in France and the जर्मनी Fire trial in Germany are the best examples .
A mammoth procession led by Lala Lajpat Rai greeted the Simon Commission with black लाठियां and they were lathi - charged .
Bhagat Singh . Rajguru and Azad decided to kill Mr Scott as he was suspected to be responsible for the लाठियां blows on Lajpat Rai .
He shot Saunders Assistant Superintendent of Police on 17th December 1928 as Scott .
On 8th April 1929 Bhagat Singh and his associate B . Dutt threw a bomb when he went to the Central Assembly and shouting आत्म 'Long Live the बम .
Innumerable songs were composed on him and the popularity that he enjoyed was पर
Bhagat Singh ' s revolutionary activities and the bombs thrown by him into the Central Assembly aroused equally powerful feelings against British rule than the peaceful satyagraha and civil disobedience movement .
It was not difficult for Bhagat Singh and Dutt to break the bomb into the Central Hall of the Assembly after throwing a bomb in the eyes of the police and not to run away .
Both men were adamant about being arrested .
After throwing leaflets in the Central Hall and throwing revolutionary slogans both accused courted arrest at the hands of the police .
But at that time it had a deep sense of secrecy and opposition to the country and the world .
Both the accused were kept in solitary imprisonment and strict security .
The British Government not taking any risk issued summons to the two accused in prison .
गये security measures were taken on the hearing day .
The Hindustan Times appeared in the newspaper :
From the place of the magistrate ' s residence on the जेल Road to jail and all other roads leading to prison were lines of लाठियां .
The men of आदमी could be seen cycling on roads in plain clothes and watching important चौराहों .
This caused hurt to Sir George . . Mr R . P . Rao and Mr Shankar Rao .
These facts constitute an offence punishable under Section 308 of I. P. C. with transportation for life or with lesser punishment.
The activities include launching such a blast which is illegal and which could lead to death of anyone from the विस्फोटक ; therefore it proves a criminal offence punishable under Section 3 of the Explosive Substances Act 1908 .
I am convinced that Dutt threw another bomb with similar intention and caused hurt to Mr S . N . Roy and पी . P . पी .
" I consider both the accused as true criminal for both the offences and punish them . "
The actions of both the accused are punishable under two provisions of law .
Under Section 71 of the Indian Penal Code both offences are mixed with one another and the punishment prescribed for them should not be more than one of them .
The decision was communicated by the Central Government to the Punjab Government by the following telegram :
Bhagat Singh . Rajguru and Sukhdev will be executed at seven o 'clock in the evening of March 23 .
The news will take place in Lahore on the early morning of March 24 . "
They were hanged in the darkness of the night and it was declared :
The people are cautioned by Bhagat Singh . Rajguru and Sukhdev bodies executed yesterday evening ( 23 March ) to the edge of the Sutlej where they were cremated .
The Labour Party was then in power in Britain .
The Daily Worker of New York commented:
The three Lahore prisoners Bhagat Singh . Rajguru and Sukhdev fighters for India have been executed by the British Labour Government in the interest of British imperialism .
This is the most bloody act of the British Labour Government under the leadership of R . मैकडोनाल्ड .
The execution of the three Indian revolutionaries in this political trial at the instance of the Labour Government shows how far the मैकडोनाल्ड government can go to save British imperialism .
He left India in 1915 and reached Berlin on his travels in Indonesia Malaysia Philippines China Philippines Japan and America .
From 1916 to 1917 he was in America .
He became the first communist कम्युनिस्ट member outside the Mexican Socialist Party .
He went to Spain Berlin and Moscow and met Lenin in 1920 .
He was an active member of the second session of the Communist International Conference and was also a member of the Marxist bureau .
He was an intellectual and a prolific writer and wrote a number of books on Marxism revolution मार्क्सवाद Renaissance science history etc .
In 1930 he returned to India and was arrested in 1931 .
In 1932 he was sentenced to 12 years' imprisonment which was later reduced by the Appeal Courts to 6 years .
He spent five years in British jails .
Kanpur had already been selected for trial to avoid jury and processions .
He was first produced before the magistrate who committed him to the court of Sessions .
The Lieutenant Colonel Cecil . who was the head of the " anti - Bolshevik section of the British Intelligence Service " was appointed by the chief prosecutor at the outset to accuse the court .
The charges made were as follows:
A revolutionary organization in Europe ?
( 2 ) that the said federation was to win the direction and support of the revolutionary organisation ब्रिटेन i . e . the Communist International so that it could be used by violent revolution to separate India from the imperialist Britain and thereby British India .
He said that even as a single factor in India the immediate and potential danger of the communist movement is quite evident .
A dialogue has been made with the old Bengali revolutionaries of which most of them are personal friends of N. Roy and are तरफ to old activities after the failure of the बंगाली movement .
Between these two parties Roy ' s communists occupy a dangerously convenient and practical place . "
In May 1924 the Sessions Judge at Kanpur had sentenced four accused . Dange . . B . C . B . R . D . Das and Muzaffar Ahmad दासगुप्ता four years of rigorous imprisonment while the charges against M . N . Roy were suspended .
Roy could not be arrested at that time but he continued to maintain constant contact with the accused .
He wanted the trial to use the proceedings of the accused trial in the Kanpur trial to propagate the tenets of communism and to point out the immediate programme of the Indian communist movement .
But unfortunately the accused took a narrow legal pathway to the advice of their lawyers and lost this golden opportunity later in the Meerut conspiracy case it was well revised .
M . N . Roy was considerably disappointed and in November 1924 he wrote to his friend in a letter .
If they had done a better defence it would have been worth four years of imprisonment . "
The learned judge of the High Court discussed the evidence against which the punishment was based largely on document .
These were थे :
M. N. Roy wrote to his Indian colleagues and letters to Roy .
These were genuine letters of imprisonment which had been captured either in the intervening था had been stopped था or when Roy and his colleagues were arrested .
The judge said :
Many legal objections were raised by the learned counsel Dr . N . Katju in the appeal .
It was argued that the trial of the Sessions Court at Kanpur was not the sole authority to arrest Roy : that they were not arrested - because Section 12 - A of the Indian Penal Code had no proper and unworthy grounds .
After fully considering these arguments the judge made this decision :
I joined it because I wanted to free my motherland and was ready to shed my blood .
I took part in this war as a member of the regular fighting forces of the Provisional Government of Free India who fought according to the rules of civilised warfare for the liberation of their motherland from foreign rule .
I claim that by doing so I have not committed any offence against it but on the other hand I have served my country as a whole . "
Lt. G. S. . also challenged the authority of the court to try him .
He said that whatever I did was as a member of the regular fighting army of the Provisional Government of Free India and as a member of the army I could not go under any Indian Army Act or under the Indian Army Act .
Moreover I am advised to see that in the eyes of law it is illegal to prosecute me . "
Although there were 16 lawyers including Jawaharlal Nehru in the court who were entrusted with the responsibility of the Defence of India . during the period of Independence there was a joint claim to be made between the British and the Indian Dominion .
In the process of continuing the war the individual members of the organised army have got immunity from their activities in the war - except those of criminal offences which are now a law of punishment all over the world .
In view of the fact that the accused before you are entitled to be declared as innocent as they do not have any civic or criminal responsibility for their activities .
Therefore such an army and its members are not answerable before any municipal court for the war that has been fought for their country ' s liberation .
The prosecutor had established the Provisional Government of Free India ; many evidence had been cited by him to set up an armed army by him and सशस्त्र it against the British .
These soldiers who were generally so - called against the king were actually fighting for the independence of their country and were not bound to have any allegiance to the king .
Bhulabhai Desai brilliantly analysed the evidence produced by the prosecution in every case of the charges of murder and torture .
He claimed that these proofs were totally irrelevant in this case since the grounds on which evidence was made did not exist .
He said that evidence relating to the charge of murder would have been rejected because they were part of the prosecution of the murders and that death sentence was considered entirely justified by the court .
He added that he was a well - organised government and there were a large number of Indians living in the Far East owing allegiance to this government and recognised by this government .
The war was declared by this government and the Indian National Army fought it .
Thus ended the Great I. N. A. trial which created a new awareness of complete independence throughout India .
Red Fort being the headquarters of the army was convenient for the British Raj it was equally convenient for every politician and lawyer in India .
The trial was held at a time when the majority of people in India were opposed to it .
Even Sir George Cunningham Governor of the North - West Frontier Province wrote to Lord लार्ड and advised the Commander - in - Chief to withdraw the case immediately because Indian public opinion was against it .
However trial did well to awaken national consciousness among Indians on the other hand it caused considerable damage to the British Empire .
The Commander - in - Chief saved the situation from deteriorating the sentence of the three officers .
If these officers were punished by going against strong public opinion they would have been reduced to disorder all over India .
Mr M . C . फौज the prime minister of India has described his influence and shortcomings in the Introduction to the Indian National Army trial and the judicial merit of Bhulabhai Desai : " The first Indian trial is perhaps the most important .
It was an occasion for a debate on far - reaching propositions in the wide variety of international law and a perpetual interest for lawyers and others interested in law .
For the common man he was an attractive and inspiring story - a fascinating and inspiring story of the vigorous efforts of thousands of his countrymen in the history of India .
We want to tell the world that this sale deed does not provide any privileges equal to the claims of the States ruled by treaty .
We want to point out that no sale deed however sacrosanct it may be - - no matter how sacred it can condemn 40 million men - women to servitude of an autocratic ruler even when it is down .
The people of Kashmir are proud of themselves and we urge the Mission to provide justice and strength to our destiny . "
When in 1946 it became clear that the British Government was handing over the administration of the British ruling States to the Indian National Congress and nothing was doing in relation to the princely States Sheikh Abdullah intensified the movement in Kashmir .
He made powerful political speeches the theme of which was that Amritsar was not binding on the people of Kashmir because it was a treaty of slavery .
Like Mahatma Gandhi he coined the slogan कश्मीर का .
During May 1946 he made many such speeches which alarmed Maharaja Hari Singh .
The Kashmiri people who were तंग by the atrocities and exploitation of the Maharaja Hari Singh and his Wazir soon got up in support of Sheikh Abdullah .
On 18 June 1946 Maharaja Hari Singh wrote to a senior British officer in Delhi :
Now every human being has the right to freedom .
( 10 May 1946 ) the sale deed ruined our people .
You should say : Kashmir छोडो .
खारिज this sale deed .
We want to tell the British that Maharaja Hari Singh has no right to rule over the country .
A wholesale dealer bought us and sold it to the परचूनिए .
Your duty is to invite everybody and declare that we have to win freedom from the Dogra Shahi even at the cost of wealth .
There will be no better time for the end of the अभियुक्त : " ' that on 14 May 1946 the accused delivered the speech in the context of which the following paragraphs were: " Many attempts have been made to suppress my voice .
I have clearly indicated to Maharaja Hari Singh that it is better to improve the condition of the poor rather than spend money on his own facilities .
After 100 years of misrule we find that we have never accepted and executed this rule .
We have to make supreme sacrifices to this right .
After 100 years we do not want to remain slaves for a day .
Go and get ready you are the harbinger of a voice breaking the shackles of slavery .
( Judge . ) : 11 काक्स C . 54 . in 1868 .
Asaf Ali argued that to raise a voice against oppression and demand basic necessities of living was not known as sedition .
He said on the nature of प्रऋति : " I wish to make it clear in the basic text of this speech that a certain historical dispute was started by Shri श्री in that speech by का the reactions between the two.
Since this controversy was raised there was an occasion for such a speech otherwise I am sure that the speaker had never held such extreme emphasis on the historical records of Amritsar . "
The work becomes even more difficult when it becomes a direct rendering of a speech delivered by a speaker it would be impossible to make a correct translation of the words and the शिक्षा ” he said .
One is not even a graduate though another .
Whatever their capacity for reporting could be it was impossible for them to produce the right effect of the original.
The words and sentences used by them which are the basis of these allegations are however misguided by the accused the words and sentences used by the accused . " It is a dubious point .
शेख to Sheikh Abdullah ' s statement Asaf Ali argued : " The accused echoed the poverty and misery of the people in almost the same manner as in his statement .
He was quite right to say that the people of the state were slaves of slaves.
There is no such thing as treason or anything improper .
Indeed the term प्रशासन meant that when a large section of the population was steeped in poverty the administration was not doing everything possible for their good . "
Asaf Ali warned the court that if the leaders like Sheikh were convicted under such law it would have bad consequences .
He said : Finally : " I want to say you to listen to me with all the seriousness and responsibility .
Whenever it happens you rise in its dimensions instead of finding a solution to the विपत्ति calamity because it causes popular leaders to punish with far - reaching consequences .
After the arrest of the members of the Congress Working Committee in 1942 everywhere there was a " भारत " written in सार्वजनिक सार्वजनिक on public buildings at सार्वजनिक . in press offices and दफ्तरों in barracks and schools .
In response to the speech of the Assistant Advocate General Asaf Ali said : " The learned Advocate General is a unique conception of democracy and responsible government as he did not try to prove it to be a different form .
He even said that in a democratic government the hungry few people of power want to exploit the democratic electoral system and they do not find any logic in their claim that the majority opinion should be considered more prudent than minority opinion .
It is not appropriate for me to teach the Assistant Advocate General the constitutional law or to prove that the " inherent approval of the majority is खिलाफ and that it is the fear of a revolutionary struggle against the minority domination .
The Assistant Advocate General had justified the purchase of Kashmir by some instance by a treaty which he said : " Again in spite of the exception of the recent International Law " the Assistant Advocate General had begun to offer in spite of his views .
He also claimed that the right of conquest could not recognise the will of the people of the conquered state .
By doing so he was justifying the sale deed of Kashmir which otherwise is known as the Treaty of Kashmir and on the other he was also claiming the right to win .
All this was intended to prove that the people had no right to demand the responsible government formed on the basis of the inherent right of the people .
I am not only amused at the argument because it was the basis of my argument that the speaker had protested against the people of Kashmir being treated as a गुलाम and it was a fact of 40 lakhs of people .
However the Sheikh 's profound statement and Asaf के s incisive speech made no impact on the court and he decided to punish Sheikh Abdullah.
A recent survey indicates that the number of two - wheelers in the country will reach five crores by 2000 .
Air pollution caused by the smoke of मोटरगाडियों has now reached the highest level and if that trend continues we will have to filter the nose in the future .
In other parts of the world motor vehicles are still a major source of pollution .
They are responsible for about 60 per cent of the air pollution due to which carbon monoxide in Mexico is higher than those of Los Angeles in the Western region of America .
Similarly in the Sydney city of Australia ( whose atmosphere was once considered the most clean ) the pollution caused by motor vehicles is more than any city in America .
These wastes are used for paper कचरा packing materials polythene bags पोलीथीन ( bags ) plastic bottles metallic containers फूटी broken फूटी and फूटी गली .
The construction of buildings for home and industry increased manifold in the last two decades.
New machines are being tapped for raising stones and cement required for the construction work .
Effects on Materials Sulphur धुआं धुआं धुआं बालू बालू वायु वायु
Sulphur dioxide is the most dangerous of gaseous pollutants .
In the presence of moisture the sulphur dioxide is converted into sulphuric acid which is most corrosive particularly for नमी because it reacts easily with the lime stone .
Thus in the affected areas of the rainy season the बरसात gradually get lost .
Hydrogen sulphide which is used in the construction of buildings reacts with lead to hydrogen sulphide which produces a brown - black presence .
वायु effect affects the climate against other वायु
The earth is becoming more hot a day than in the beginning of the industrial era the global temperature is more than 0.6 and the rate of पृथ्वी of the Earth can rise further by the end of this century .
Yes .
The pH is an index of hydrogen ion concentration in a liquid .
हाइड्रोजन low pH means high concentration of hydrogen ion and high acidity .
The pH of pure water is 7 . called पी .
The pH of water becomes acidic if less than 7 and is above 7 .
Because of the dissolved carbon dioxide in the rain - water its pH is usually less than 7 ( pH ) अम्ल ) but not so क्षयकारी .
The pH of acid rain water is 2 - 5 .
अम्लीयता low pH means high acidity and subsequently high क्षयकारी .
Thus water with pH 4 is more corrosive 10 times than water with pH 5 .
Water that has a pH of 3 is 100 times more corrosive than water .
If so any one can imagine the corrosive nature of acid rain with a pH ranging between 2 and 3 .
For example अम्लीय links between West Germany and Sweden are sour because nearly 20 per cent of Sweden ' s lakes are affected by acid rains emanating from Germany ' s औद्योगिक industrial area .
Even Swedish school children launched a postcard campaign against West Germany in protest against these gases .
There is no good relationship between England and its neighbours इंग्लैंड and इंग्लैंड consider England as blamed for acid deposition in their own country .
Dispute over acid rain has led to tensions between US and Canada .
Nearly half of the sulphur deposits in Canada come from the USA and about 20 per cent of the deposits in the north - east USA are produced .
The relationship between acid rain and human health has not yet been established .
However it is believed that inhalation of high sulphur वायु air causes respiratory diseases such as emphysema asthma and श्वसन
In India there is no serious danger of this scourge as in coal coal reserves are low ( 0. 0.7 ) .
The principal part of acid wastes is sulphuric acid .
In addition nitric acid , hydrochloric acid and फास्फोरिक acid are also present .
These acids cause damage to metals or concrete structures like tanks pump etc .
And when these acids come in contact with the mud and mud of rivers hydrogen sulphide gas is formed .
These acid pollutants destroy micro - organisms inhibiting the self - purification process of the rivers .
Fish and other aquatic insects are adversely affected by sudden change in water .
Acid can be fatal to fish and water .
The presence of the bases in the rivers alters the pH value of the water which destroys its natural buffer system .
Like acids अम्ल too destroy bacterial and other micro - organisms inhibiting the self - purification of the water .
Fish and other aquatic life are also affected by sudden spurt in water ; in the presence of a strong base the presence of a fish . may cause difficulty in breathing.
If he continued any experiment and continued to remain जीवन throughout his life he did not get his form or trust but there was no end to this quest .
As he writes गीतात्मक lyrical fervour is apt to lose itself in the winter months and it becomes too loose to write a play .
In each of its lines the breath of the wind blows and बहता into the ecstasy of ecstasy .
Indeed the theme is a enchantment of spring and the strength of its spell on the senses.
Spring is itself a character in this play which comes from among Tagore ' s best writings .
This work is a masterpiece and a pattern in itself.
It is composed in blank verse and in the case of a Trust Tagore had his last great experiment .
Tagore has given this simple and simple episode in the Mahabharata dramatic form which is full of lyrical rapture and deep psychological insight .
Princess Chitra , who had been brought up as a boy and trained in the art of battle by training of arms was utterly simple and romantic .
These cows drank water from the nearby stream of streams leading to diarrhoea and died within a few days .
It was found that the stream was polluted by lead compounds .
मानव forms are found to be poisonous for human and aquatic life .
Copper sulphate and copper compounds are being used extensively in treatment of reservoir water to curb the growth of algae and डायटम .
Copper is highly poisonous and its effects need not be told .
The metals described above are toxic to fish and other water organisms .
के of heavy metals enter the mucous discharge of the गलफडों of fish .
These श्वसन occupy the space between the श्वसन of the श्वसन interfere with the movement and respiration.
Thousands of acres of fertile land have become क्षारीय .
The underground water in thousands of kilometres has been so much affected that water from these wells has become sour .
It is a pity that these waters are not even fit for tanning but are therefore transported in lorries from far - off places .
The problem of underground water pollution in Andhra Pradesh is so serious that the waters of the Husain Sagar नगर ( Hyderabad ) particularly those of नगर अशोक Ashok Nagar and the open wells and हिमायत wells in the locality are strong .
The quantum of dissolved solids in the water of these wells is too high to drink .
The reason why water quality in this region is so low is that the waste material from industry .
त्वचा and skin diseases are prevalent among the villagers .
It has become a common phenomenon because of deposition of groundwater in the coastal regions of the country due to diverse groundwater pollution .
Excess withdrawal of groundwater from heavy pumps has led to the rise of sea - water through समुद्र in those parts.
For example in our country liquor industry bio - gas plants are being set up .
This translates into a substantial reduction in fuel costs and also reduces the dirt of the property .
The mud remaining after the treatment of effluents is also a problem .
The sludge from pulp and paper industry may be used in making boards which are used for packing or making artificial wooden panel .
The sludge from the विद्युत industry may be used in the formulation of water - proof compounds .
Reclamation of waste water and retrieval of chemicals and metals is practised in most industries at present .
After proper treatment it can be used for irrigation or as fertilisers so as not to ruin the land nor to pollute groundwater .
The garbage produced by nuclear power plants does not produce any bad odour nor do they produce any harmful gases .
The reason for this problem is that nuclear waste becomes harmless after millions of years .
The plutonium produced during power generation ( 200 kg per reactor ) is enough to cause cancer in all human beings .
Abnormal births . mutations शरीर sterility शरीर skin burns and lowering of ability to combat body diseases are other serious effects .
The constant exposure to radiation results in genetic defects which may affect generations to come .
Radio जैवरासायनिक are widely used in medicine जैवरासायनिक industry जैवरासायनिक to know the process of chemical and biochemical reactions .
Patients receiving and used in radiation therapy are an important source of damage by nuclear radiation .
This can lead to mental pain .
There is a great deal of noise between our community festivals and celebrations like marriages and fairs .
Dr . डा explains the following words of life for man : " He जागता with the sound of the शोर and शोर and works in a noisy industry which लौटता from the cries of loudspeakers in his workplace .
If he goes to the cinema for relaxation there is a lot of noise .
A survey for examining sound levels in various cities and towns of India under the influence of noise pollution.
During daytime noise from Delhi का Bombay कलकत्ता Calcutta and Chennai was found between 60 - 90 डेसिबल .
Sudden noise may cause considerable damage to the eardrum .
A more serious effect of noise pollution is the chronic damage caused by the hair cells in the inner ear .
Prolonged exposure to noise may lead to temporary or permanent loss .
The sound areas should be built to prevent the spread of sound through air or solids .
Trees should be planted within and around the factory to reduce noise .
Both sides of the highways and highways must be काम and they act as a buffer .
By pressing the loudspeakers in the street and lowering their voices the noise may be reduced .
Hospitals and schools have special needs .
The sound can be very beautiful like music , singing or laughing sound but it is only until it has been heard and listened to by neighbours .
It is established that constant loud noise can reduce hearing ability and lead to problems associated with neurological disorders .
In 1912 Rabindranath sailed for the United States accompanied by his son रवीन्द्रनाथ and daughter - in - law .
His son had just received a degree from अंग्रेजी University a few days ago and requested his father to read in a few months in Santiniketan a गद्य and was originally published as a serious article in English .
He said in his own way about these lectures : " It is the eternal consciousness of India and as revealed by the example of her voice and the sages.
Writing about it by the Times Literary Supplement : " No one can feel that they are not the products of a strange or strange mind but that they are written in England .
But perhaps some readers will not be able to accept this Indian poet because they do not know the philosophy they offer .
If we all seem to be fantastic and alien before we despise them we should ask ourselves what is our philosophy ?
A recent survey indicates that most of the forests in the hills of the Himalayas the पश्चिमी Western Ghats and the Shivalik hills have been cut off .
The satellite imagery shows that at the rate of 13 million square metres per annum the forest is being destroyed .
According to one report the area of forests in Punjab has declined from 1,200 sq km in the 10 years from 1972 to 1982 .
The rate of depletion in Haryana is not low .
Most of the forests in the Himalayan region have been cut and women have to travel several kilometres to collect wood .
People believe that forests are like the open treasury for them to use as they wish .
They cut trees to collect firewood to graze their cattle and to obtain whatever they wish from the jungles . Our firewood requirement is 33 million cubic metres per annum .
The second reason is the greed of our forest contractors which further गंभीर the problem .
In 1972 at the International Human Environment conference the late Prime Minister Shrimati Indira Gandhi said रेगिस्तानों to live and to provide places for food sanitation and shelter to improve deserts and forests .
There is no blanket ban on population growth but through simple cheap measures pollution can be minimised .
For example forests should be erected after cutting the jungles .
Add a tree to replace each कटने tree .
Visakhapatnam steel plant in Andhra Pradesh has planted over 20 lakh trees in its campus .
He has also coined a slogan : " A tree for liquid steel produced every tonne .
The Hindustan सीसा Ltd. a leading producer of zinc and lead says " We do not only enjoy the environment but also protect it .
The Indian Oil Corporation Limited has developed green belts around its refinery units and has planted over one lakh trees during तेल .
कचरे of waste is a vital role in reducing pollution .
We are very much enamoured of our thoughts and we have nothing to say about them .
Indeed these critics were not wanting who refused to fall under the spell of this Indian poet .
Tagore ' s country was a reaction to the people in India .
कुमार Kumar Ray . who was then in the United States of America and where Tagore ' s biography was published shows that a large number of youngsters living in the United States were not outraged by an English missionary statement .
One of them shouted in a typical American fashion ? .
Some of the Bengali poets had entered into a big controversy over सेन Sen and D . L. Roy .
He added : His love poems are the दयनीय of our ancient Vaishnava poets : वैष्णव and his philosophy is the philosophy of the Upanishads .
With any standard Tagore ' s name was now completely छा in English journals and his famous Atlantic ocean had passed .
It was perhaps the first Bengali journal of the West to publish his poems .
Soon after this शिकागो Chicago University invited him to lecture .
It was only when Tagore stayed in England and was offered to Tagore to make more translations from his works since he knew that he would be familiar with him .
Tagore then asked him with ease and ? Does any एशियावासी be considered worthy of this award ?
An American newspaper wrote : winning the Nobel Prize for Literature to a Hindu is no doubt a cause of depression for writers of the प्रजाति species .
However he did not know how this respect was bestowed upon a person who is not a चमडी .
The Globe of Toronto Canada wrote : For the first time this Nobel Prize has come to the man we cannot say .
The Times of the Los Angeles Times complained that this award has ignored the youth and modern writers in Europe and America who are more likely to respond to the same words .
In January 1913 Rabindranath came to Chicago where he lectured on the सभ्यता of the Ancient Civilisation of India .
After a New York tour Tagore returned to London in April 1913 where he delivered a series of lectures in the लंदन Hall .
In less than a year when he had arrived in London last time there was an unknown stranger.
But his name was now a sensation and a curiosity.
None of these works could be viewed from any point of view in a pious or religious or philosophical order and therefore there was a far better perspective in his writings for the foreign reader .
In fact Tagore was the first person to influence the wisdom of the West in many respects and at a very rapid pace that the mind of Asia had reached its mark in some form an interesting character .
Here too we see a man who was eagerly waiting for us and who was waiting for millions of years before he came to the chariot.
The courage to say so was to the Dean of an open mind who reminded his ईसाई that he was not a Christian but his work shows that there was a time when the principle of एशियाई Asian ईसाई .
And yet there were as usual clever people who believe that they had nothing left .
Some of them found that there was a narrow British mind behind this award which wanted to वैभव the glory of the imperial empire and some others conceived that it had deliberately tried to do so .
And there was no end to such things .
The first formal proposal was mooted by the English poet . Moore as a short letter and it must be quoted here .
In spite of his vague idealism he could shake off his mind because his writing had a sort of intoxication which is born of a faith in life .
If this happens we will lose the artistic content of your literature in मानवीय but what is broadly human and is quite appropriate and can be safely shipped to distant future and remote countries .
We look upon your literature as a ज्वार life on the west even though the debris of the moment may be seen in this flow .
Though Choudhury ( whose pen - name was Birbal after Akbar ' s दरबार was a brilliant writer himself the whole burden of fame and popularity of this paper fell upon Tagore ' s shoulders .
In fact he wanted Tagore ' s encouragement and not only by his abundance of literary output but also by his remarkable and varied poems short stories essays and novels .
Though the stories written during this period had not the same freshness and charm as they saw in the last two decades of the last century a great deal of sympathy and sympathy with the changing landscape and the life of the people living on its banks .
On the following morning she threw off her dress and offered her a ride in the woods with Arjuna .
But Arjuna rejected his request saying that he had kept an oath of celibacy and that he could not touch any नार्रीदेह .
से and wounded by her sense of pride Chitra broke her bow into two pieces and invoked by her penance .
Madan Mohan the god of work appeared before her with her हुए and बसंत Mitra Spring : The Princess begged for a day only to transform me into a unique and noble heart and at the same time she उद्दीप्त in my heart .
For a day alone give me the right beauty so that I can answer for the coming day . "
And Arjun on seeing her bath in a forest - pool and जल in water lost his senses and डगमगा her feet .
He forgot about celibacy and went away with her .
For a few months the two lovers wandered about freely in the blessing of love .
His idealism rested on a solid ground of realism and had a taste of humour .
In order to maintain the memory of this experiment a ten - day holiday ( Gandhi ) is celebrated in Santiniketan on March 10 this day all salaried employees are given leave and all the students cook their food together and cook their own .
This is a unique and recurrent example of symbolism in Indian tradition .
Gandhi ' s reformist zeal did not even feed his personal diet .
On one day on the 8th night at the dinner Gandhi remarked by seeing a fried पूरियांहृ at the dinner and having gone on eating in ghee which you are eating very well for you .
He laughed and said : " Of course this is a sweet poison because I have been eating them since about half a century .
Gandhi and Tagore and these two saints strove hard to make politics sacred and the poet made this holiness elegant .
Gandhi performed his practice in order to express some of his ideas before he thought of them and then flew into the sky .
However firm and unfaltering their feet they could not keep pace with the wings.
Mahatma Gandhi a stern devotee was more than a humanist than a humanist and took up a principle that breaks the colours and भंग millions of hearts .
In the first chapter the मानवतावाद humanism of Jagmohan is placed in the light of the inverse of his brother ' s God of limitation and limitation .
Sachish विद्रोह is impressed by the life - philosophy of his uncle in the revolt of his father ' s orthodoxy .
She has a female युवती who was an orphan had been corrupted by her own brother and was now on the road .
He takes the girl to the house of his uncle . who is now pregnant provides her shelter like a daughter .
For her future Sachish offers to marry her .
But the girl is still true to her benefactors and prefers to commit suicide.
This incident is a revelation to सचीश ' s humanitarianism .
Soon after the city of Calcutta is beset with plague and as there is only a small number of hospitals in the city the humanitarian uncle takes his house to use as a hospital for the poor himself .
They also get infected and die .
One of his hardcore brothers commented on this was worth . "
He is so pleased at his escape until a young and ardent disciple of the Guru अनिच्छुक and a widow - woman take care of him .
This young girl में like Binodini of the युवती चरित्रों is one of Tagore ' s few living and real characters that if the readers are familiar with him they seldom forget it .
. loves Sachish and cares little for the Guru for whose piety does not deceive him .
Sachish who believes that human love is a snare that he does not miss his passion for it .
Once during the night when the team takes refuge in a cave Sachish is not possessed by a strange fear that the primitive animal is hidden in this cave and is पर with her खूनी .
He feels that he is touching his feet .
Unable to escape from her thoughts Sachish finally begs her to release her .
The atmosphere in this novel is tense with the beginning .
It was a stormy period of national transition when the evil spirit of fanaticism began to crumble and conflict between ideals and selfishness .
The sombre narrative is full of brilliant ideas and विरुद्ध against one another .
It is a clash between the old with the new and the new. The Yoga of Divine Works of राज्य the right of absolute love and love the free liberty of love and love with the external wild wind .
When a reader begins to read it he realises how similar there is between Tagore and Gandhi in his spirit of unity and any interpretation seems to be a better example though his path is different .
The theme of this novel is as simple as any of Tagore ' s plots : simple and natural स्त्री an old triangle two men and a woman .
Though this character as arising out of this novel is more shadowy than real .
His friend and protege संदीप has a patriotic देशभक्त . . . का and बेशर्म type . - except that he speaks his language he could only put it in his mouth .
Nikhil knows what is happening between his wife and his friend and he can finish that game here but he does not even distinguish between the open competition and the free will of the world .
What happens between the three and read it by the reader himself as the English version of this novel is known as The Home and the World .
The novel is significant in many respects as in one novel .
Tagore was then caught between his love of his country and the lure of the world .
He was again restless .
एंड्रयूज was still calling . while most of the roads were closed he wrote to Andrews in 1915 .
I am in a wandering mood but it is becoming कष्टकारक for me because I want freedom .
They cannot be regarded as high - quality literature but some of them are interesting .
Some of them are quoted as specimens - ऋ -
The best chooses me .
Every child comes with the message of God that God was not yet discouraged by man . "
. who is busy doing good does not find time to find it good .
One of them is prophetic of Japan : God ' s ashes is scattered in dust to prove that God' s dust is greater than your धूल .
Though the Japanese had welcomed Tagore a poet from the land of the Buddha with a warm respect their zeal went off as soon as they had ignored the values of Western civilisation they began to विरुद्ध and स्वागत at the name of the nation .
The यूरोप of Europe really seem to have been a great asset until its face stands on the side of humanity ; but with all the powers of its greatness when it विरुद्ध against the eternal sense of man .
He admired the Japanese to be modern and at the same time warned them that " True modernism is freedom of mind and not slavery of taste .
They hated the burning of foreign cloth by the agitated mob and being happy at that time even when they had to become friends and college toys .
In a public lecture at Calcutta Tagore made criticism of his leadership without directly speaking to the Mahatma Tagore pointed out the need for an exchange of intellectual and moral education between India and the West .
He felt so alienated among the people of Bengal that his speech provoked a rejoinder from the popular Bengali novelist Sarat Chandra Chatterji .
When the Mahatma came to Bengal on the 6th September 1921 a long talk was made behind the closed doors of the poet ' s आवास - house which included neither the official report of the communication nor the demand was it understood .
When Gandhi and Rabindranath had a conversation a great crowd gathered outside the house and showed sympathy for the Mahatma the young boy wanted to give lessons to the Englishman and set up several विदेशी of foreign cloth .
The gist of his conversation on that memorable day Tagore himself sent to रवीन्द्रनाथ एलम्हर्स्ट .
They stolen cloth from the shops in the कपडे Road they lit a fire in my courtyard and are howling around it .
Non - cooperation clashed with his way of thinking for his mentality and his deep understanding had been nourished on all cultures of the world .
Tagore was not afraid of the spirit of boycott within Gandhi - he knew that Gandhi was beyond this but he knew that his opponents would not hesitate to cast a fever of nationalism .
What sacrifice is being asked to the students ?
भी also to give up education and not to complete education .
A decade ago when he himself was the leader of the Swadeshi movement in Bengal a group of young students told him that he was ready to give up his studies .
When he declined to do so the party suspected his patriotism and went out of anger .
If anybody can criticise it is high .
I can imagine that the burden of the monster of mathematics is like a terrible dream .
She incessantly drivers her victims but leaves them nowhere.
Two years later when he started writing his diary in South America he mentioned what effect he had on his mind was that of when he started writing .
The sight of countless wealth and the sight of the accumulation of wealth and power and the blind and dissatisfied belief that ever - increasing wealth will ever increase in its mind the supreme deity of human detachment and certainty .
" I sleep and awake sleep and sleep .
I think many times because when you lose me in your lap - you lose me - perhaps even if you lose your stars at night and in the day .
Were you not my mother but anybody else ' s mother.
Are I not in your arms ?
How fun I have two homes one day and one night .
Then as evening as I drew slowly behind you put your eyes hidden in the palms of your eyes " And you say " Who I know and yet I know ?
I want to go there where I came .
But where it is I find it .
Then I think he is everywhere .
घर जहाज Tuesday Wednesday they all arrive so soon their houses must be airplanes .
But why does Sunday come so late ?
It seems that he is left behind .
Does she live farthest as far away as the sky and is she a child of poor parents ?
In his letter to Indira Gandhi he said : " These poems were written to give relief to the mind of having grown up .
I have given a place in these poems the expressions which have been embedded in my mind for many days as in my life - the meaning of my life - it is in its role as a child .
We forgot that it was अवहेलना by the sweat of the Creator who works without the supreme gift and that even in spite of all responsibility .
But the relief was brief and very brief and Santiniketan was attracting him .
के returned to the asrama on 26 September after a gap of five years .
With them came Leonard एलम्हर्स्ट the young Englishman whom Tagore had met in New York .
He accepted Tagore ' s invitation to help the rural development centre in his college career with the liberal gifts of तिब्बती स्ट्रेट Strait and some time later the French scholar लेवी Levi came to India .
It is my earnest desire that I get my reed and then I may be ignored by the busy and the wise as a hopeless निराशाजनक and never .
Would Tagore be a greater poet if the Nobel Prize and the consequent blaze of fame and publicity did not interfere with his fame ?
Had his soul been deeply entrenched in vision and deep meditation on the sea so as to make a man better understanding and instead he had मंथन the ocean inside him ?
Who can say what happens if that happens and that ?
These are पेरिस : " If you put Paris in a bottle " it is a famous French saying .
What is important here is that in spite of so many विकर्षण विकर्षण detachment and occasional विकर्षण Tagore never exceeding his duties a poet and singer a singer a devotee calls upon a man and a divine being .
Indeed one might say that the western interludes and periodic spells of missionary fervour were distractions that served as a healthy विपथन enriching his spirit and enlarging his mental horizon .
Whether he was due to it or not because of his lack of it the fact that Tagore never forgot behind being creative never forgot the end of his life with the greatest wisdom of the world which he had always been searching for .
Even during his comparatively sterile periods he wrote so high - quality so that other writers could be known .
It is true that sometimes it appeared that inspiration was प्रेरणा the strength of the flag and they had less than their habit .
A new musical वर्षा in August and September transformed the rainfall वर्षा ( वर्षा ) to the Calcutta platform .
These compositions were an enchanting amalgam of poetry drama थीं music and dance which were written for various festivals during the year providing opportunities for enjoyment of life and open air .
They were not built in any बंधे mould ; they could easily dissolve public and classical traditions from one another such as philosophy and keen passion and a running commentary on contemporary religious mysticism and incidents .
Then the Mahatma was in jail and Tagore explained in detail to the inmates of the asrama and the students : " sacrifice is the correct meaning of what Gandhiji represents. "
This घरेलू and domestic message were natural utterances of which the Mahatma had a deep respect for the most part .
After his return to Santiniketan in April he went to spend the summer in Shillong a lovely hill resort in Assam .
He needed only peace in order to be creative and therefore he wrote a special play in Shillong - LRB - titled रक्त - RRB - which he later translated and published in English as Red रक्त .
This play like the पूर्वलिखित नाटक नाटक shows Tagore ' s increasing concern with modern culture .
The ageing poet was still busy with his romantic youth.
His contemporaries.
This suggestion was enough to stimulate his mind - mind that was not much more than a passion .
As he himself put it lightly he said " It is like a गाडी engine which runs on its own - once again .
So instead of building a collection he wrote new compositions . most of them were love poems which were named खिलने फूल and this is a rich flower growing in spring and made शराब wine .
The title was quite appropriate for these poems : the most tender and exquisite , which is not by any experience but by an artificial stimulus .
It was not quite artificial because the poet always loved love and loved an impersonal love .
In the rainy season of 1928 Tagore introduced two seasonal festivals viz . plantations and श्रीनिकेतन at Santiniketan .
These picturesque festivals with their simple and artistic और music , dance and Vedic chanting invoking nature ' s fertility and its fertility youth invoke the people around Calcutta to see .
On 1 March 1929 at the invitation of the National Education Committee of कनाडा Canada left for a place .
On reaching Los Angeles his passport was lost and he was very angry with the questions and formalities of immigration officers including some अपमानजनक .
He therefore cancelled his engagements in the United States and sailed for Japan .
This was not the first occasion when an incident intervened to mar his appreciation of the US .
Even during his last trip he was परेशान in a similar manner .
It was unfortunate that his high expectations had repeated ठोकरें in a country known for its hospitality and lack of friendship .
Tagore stayed in Japan for about a month .
He loved this country and its brave and disciplined people but he was deeply distressed by the deliberate attempt being made to उन्माद their minds .
In his courage he warned him once in a public meeting : " The past of ideals which no longer lives are truthful but merely विमुख one nation .
On seeing the Indian poet the audience had said " They are quite like our prophets .
What impressed him on his mind ? this could be gauged from the theme of his poem child ( child ) which he wrote soon after his departure in Germany . This was perhaps his only poem .
Fortunately he kept a record of the letters he wrote in the country which were later published as Letters from Russia .
These letters support the most fruitful ability of the ageing poet though he was now an old man and he was as young as he was .
He was also held a welcome ceremony where he lectured on Education where his देश . . offered a programme of dance to collect funds for his school although his country was severely injured by the misery .
Will Tagore surrender his book to Tagore : " You are alone so great that India should be made free . "
In January 1931 Tagore returned to India via London where he had long talks with Bernard Shaw at a हाइड offered by हाइड in लंदन Park Hotel .
Though it was a long and tiring trip it was rich and fruitful in experience .
Tagore saw the western world in its various phases which were leaving behind a long series of memories which though faded away completely .
He did not know that this was his last visit to the West but the sun had set in the western horizon .
Despite his हिंसा with violence Tagore welcomed a stormy revolution in Russia but his close associates did not show enthusiasm for the mass non - violent movement which Mahatma Gandhi was leading .
Soon after his return to India in November 1890 his poems were composed in कविताएं .
The wide range of subjects in these poems is a free flight of fancy a घोडा of thought a घोडा of rhythmic beauty and vigour - as if a poet was sitting on the back of a mighty horse and knew that he had no voice .
These poems are broadly divided into five sections and they have always been their main theme though with varying emphasis on their religious and philosophical problems .
Human and divine love natural love and human love intuition and thought are similarly dissolved in their consciousness as is difficult to separate them from one another .
While remembering the mythological days when in the crowded वृंदावन of Yamuna at the वृंदावन of Vrindavana the Radha - कृष्ण with the longing of Radha and Krishna . from her house at संध्या still there is a cry of love .
They were still haunted by the experiences of their transition but the enchantment of life was जकड .
The lines of the poet ' s English rendering are quoted below .
From Kalimpong he went to Mungpoo a nearby hillside in Darjeeling district to be a guest for a few days a young poetess an admirer and an admirer and devotee .
Besides some of his poems he wrote an essay on Bengali language which was later published as ' Bengali language ' .
Study of Bengali language was his old hobby of composing and के his folk literature the world and literary experiments and he gave ample evidence of his extraordinary insight .
His grandfather ' s splendid adventures and his father ' s harsh pragmatic idealism had survived but quite a different way .
These and other poems which were published at the end of the year show the varied moods and sentiments of the poet and in which the theme was described as ' fever ' .
Then in 1941 the second work was published as Arogya ( आरोग्य ) .
As the poet was a devotee Surya Mall Mishran and most of the earlier poems were dictated either at the time of the first day or day .
Because of the fever in the evening he could not make himself fit for any effort .
The first poem in this volume seems to be his firm faith in his earlier work :
They too will go and find their mark .
According to him he can pay homage to the poet saying that he was a poet of the सर्वहारा .
He loves and adored life and was dedicated to the small joys and sorrows of the people . This poem is the music of his life .
He always loved ordinary people and was sympathetic to them ; at that time it was not the fashion .
Some half a century ago when he was living in his village looking after his family estates shows how deeply he loved peasants and workers .
His thinking was human symbolic of a healthy moral sensibility and not derived from any ideology.
There is nothing revolutionary or special about his saying that when the empire comes to decline the common man will be able to live on earth .
The poem is so memorable.
Some of these poems were written at Mungpoo on the previous birthday of which were already mentioned earlier.
Of these the most beautiful poem was dictated at Santiniketan on 21 January 1941 .
His mind moves around a small corner of this के detail : knowledge of life and the world is beyond his consciousness .
He accepts his limitations and calls upon the poets of the future who are connected with this earth and a partner of entrepreneurs who are poets of the people who are बंजर and के their misery will be a बंजर and waste .
He will not try to make his name by his सहानुभूति sympathy to the poor .
Whatever it may be the acceptance of his limitations his poet - action has reached a higher pitch to explain to him and why he need to be a क्षमाप्रार्थी .
Those who sing passionately of the dispossessed seem to have little sympathy for anybody .
The inscription of the ancient cave - temple of के confirms it .
Similarly Buddhist tantric rituals incorporated into the Hindu system .
In this background temples and worship of them had a supreme development .
The main features of the southern temples are the छत their विमानों small vimanas the छत and the peripheral mandapas with a flat है and high gopura entrances on top while the ऊपरी are taller for them .
The whole structure is surrounded by a brick - wall with entrance entrances on the front and east or west with the gopura entrance on the north and south .
Sometimes the maha - mandapa was extended by a chamber on the sides and these pillared shrine were divided into three sides .
Most of these temples were single shrines but occasionally there were more than one shrine complexes .
The single shrines are oblong थीं square or apsidal .
The mandapas had flat - roofed but the shrine superstructures particularly of the apsidal ones had a हाथी - like structure .
It had a closed maha - mandapa with its north - south axis with six rows of five pillars .
In addition to this area namely Bombay and Poona in its north and north - west Junagadh etc . have also been built there were very few very hard rocks of rock - cut and soft if not छंटाई .
After this the चट्टानें across the Konkan region in the south are found in Kerala also this region is situated in the west of the Ghats and in the same period as the cave - tombs and the चट्टानें .
The mandapa at the entrance was built on the imitation of the earlier wooden structures and torana over the कारीगरी was also an imitation of workmanship .
The गुफा cave - temple at का is of this kind with the वृ
The की cave in भी is also a circular chaitya specimen .
The principal स्तूप is based on twelve छत pillars one on a circular wall at other places and the two are enclosed by a circumambulatory passage .
The other psychic scheme consists of a नाभि ( नाभि ) or सभागृह system with a long oblong hall like a navel. Most of the नाभि have narrow passages on the flanks and narrow नाभि masses .
The entrance is large with an arched window on top .
The hall has a सभागृह verandah with frontal pillars .
The result was that both these parallel traditions remained in their hinterland of the Deccan till the rise of the Vijayanagar Empire in the latter half of the fourteenth century though they concentrated both regions on the whole of south India .
The northern पत्थर tradition almost abolished and the use of hard stone in temple - building has almost ceased to exist and the use of hard stone in temple building has now become practically universal although the usual features developed in both regions .
The three centuries covering the rock - cut phase of the Brahmanical and Jain temple architecture coincided also with the great revivalist movements of the Hindus and the continuing influence of Jain sects on some sections of the people .
With the commencement of the seventh century the orthodox movements of the Hindus and Buddhists led to the development of a great deal of change and devotion .
In Tamil Nadu the Saiva and Vaishnava वैष्णव saints the शैव the वैदिक and the वैष्णव became wedded to Vedic traditions and traversed the whole area visiting the shrines singing hundreds of devotional hymns in Tamil and rousing the people .
The result was that the extremist Saiva creeds like the बौद्ध . . . . and these had improved to सशक्त the people were reduced to the strong influence of Jainism and almost abolished Buddhism .
The Kannada area continued to be the centre of South Indian Jainism from where the various गुच्छे branched out into Tamil and Telugu areas .
In the पत्थरों Krishna scene Krishna has been shown to be blessed with a उठाए mountain under which Indra ' s anger मूसलाधार वर्षा and पत्थरों are provided with shelter with children beasts and other things .
The delineation is quite impressive and और .
There is a special south Indian influence that Krishna ' s favourite Gopi is shown standing near Krishna and distinguished from other women in the group by his dress मुद्रा posture and attendant lady.
Krishna occupies a special place in the earlier and contemporary Tamil literature and tradition .
They continued activity for three centuries until they like the Pallavas were overthrown by the rising Cholas of Thanjavur .
These are found at जिलों जिलों जिलों जिलों जिलों जिलों जिलों and other places all in the जिलों and Tiruchirapalli districts .
And the cave - temples are also of the type . all of which have shrine - cells and are very much similar to the Pandya cave - temple in the same area .
The जिले or कोयम्बतूर chiefs ruling in the जिलों area of पर Salem and Coimbatore districts bordering on Tiruchirapalli district have excavated two fine cave - temples in गुफा .
They are dedicated to Vishnu and are noted for their sculptured panels .
These cave - temples numbering about sixty are like the Pallava examples excavated into the local rocks and are essentially similar to the Mahendra - style excavations in plan and design .
The bays have square जबकि while the pillars which are essentially square on plan basis and top with pilasters carrying heavy corbels generally with a straight bevel resulting in an angular profile.
However there are some examples of other types of pillars and पार्श्व which are enclosed by folded lateral scenes and तंरगों .
All the cave - temples lack a well - defined kapota in the गुफा over the mandapa facade as in the Mahendra - style cave - temples .
Some of the excavations are merely shrine - cells dug directly into the rock without a rock - cut mandapa .
Such cave - temples are very large in this area and very small in गुफा .
The inscription mentions the cave - temple specifically as तिरू क कोविल - k - पाषाण or the sacred stone के echoing the pioneering idea in this area like the Pallava पाषाण inscription at Mandagappattu in पल्लव .
The rock - cut cave - temple in an अप्रचलित script in जिला ( Tiruchirapalli district ) is also one of the earliest पांड्य cave - temples as in the case of Siva cave - temple at जिले in the same district .
The Vishnu ( Narasimha ( जिला ) cave - temple at जिला Madurai has a base inscription on the गुफा . संवत् ( AD संवत् ) and refers to its excavation by a minister of the Pandya Maran पांड्य .
The excavations of the large cave - temple now known as the Subrahmanya temple at राम near Madurai and later another पांड्य Minister and his wife are given a new complexion in the शिलालेखों शिलालेखों शिलालेखों .
On either side of the larger mandapa - type cave - temple and above the level of the के cave - temple there are two other excavations which may be somewhat later .
One of these contains a bas - relief of Gajalakshmi and the other is a group of Devi and their servants as सेवकों .
The famous rock - cut cave - temple at जिला in the Pudukkottai area ( Tiruchirapalli district ) containing the celebrated early mural paintings on the walls is an example of the Jain cave - temple of the eighth century .
According to an inscription of a long poem this was modelled on a था . alias Madurai . and a mukha - mandapa in front and all this happened during the reign of पांड्य - पांड्य .
The गुफा cave - temple at , another Muttaraiyar excavation dates a few years before the seventh year of Pallava नृप in the latter half of the ninth century .
The same thing may be said to the गुफा cave - temple room मु a मु encounter
The Vishnu cave - temple at विष्णु with a शयन Vishnu - शयन is a natural cave - cave - cave - cave - cave - cave - temple at शयन with a cave - temple at मुखाग्र and it will be some time after attached to the Siva temple .
In the same area the credit of the cave - temple at मंगडु and the cave - temple at गुफा are to the cave - temple at कक्ष .
The cave - temples at चेर , . . कोट्टुक्कल कोट्टुक्कल कोट्टुक्कल and other places in the north Kerala belong to the times of the rulers of the Chera country while in the southern part the गुफा and गुफा districts of Kerala and those areas are perhaps referred to .
The period from the middle of the seventh century to the middle of the ninth century in the absence of specific authenticity and the fact that these cave - temples were in Kerala to be more than one state of Kerala .
The connected political history of the period after the initial Sangam epoch starts from the middle of the ninth century .
The two Vishnu cave - temples at विष्णु one dedicated to Ranganathan or Anantasayin and the other to Narasimha are according to their inscriptions excavations by the अतीय king गुणशील of the तमिल branch of the तमिल .
They belong to the first half of the eighth century and possess some fine sculptures.
The most characteristic feature of this style is the door - frame of the cella with elaborate over - door components .
The सखा or components of the over - door that may take from three to many are a crown ornament in the किरीट . and a superstructure or अधिरचना .
The basal and flanks of the inner सखा have panels with reliefs of river goddesses Ganga and Yamuna .
In the Chalukyan cave - temples in the southern part of the Kannada area the dvarapalas are painted on similar panels with river goddesses .
These dvarapalas are in addition to the relatively larger dvarapalas in the niches flanking the outermost entrance of the front mandapa or front porch of the cave - temple .
In जोगेश्वरी they flank the sanctum entrance as also the other side of the गर्भगृह entrance .
It is a pointer to an earlier phase while the other Rashtrakuta caves show a tendency to revert to the scheme of vomiting smaller dvarapalas on either side of the sanctum entrance .
In addition to the above the other गुफा like Caves 17 संधार 21 संधार and 26 are of the sandhara type and their shrine entrance back into the pillared mandapa provide for a circumambulatory passage round the shrine .
The गुफा or Cave 29 is of great significance ; it is the largest and the most भब्य of the caves at Ellora .
The sandhara and chaumukh or चौमुख shrine is not only isolated but inside a group of mandapas arranged in the स्वास्तिक form which is similar to the plan of the Elephanta and the जोगेश्वरी cave .
The four doorways of the shrine have large dvarapalas and other accompanying sculptures .
The long oblong mukha - mandapa in front of the shrine and घेरे in it is a wide nave and aisles formed by a series of five pillars on each side enclosed by the main entrance .
On the other side of the maha - mandapa there are two additional lateral entrances with two entrance or pillared transverse lines .
The pillars are huge in size and with भीतर capitals and the भीतर inside is also ponderous and large .
The cave - temple can be dated to the middle of the seventh century at the time of the Chalukyas .
Cave 27 or the ग्वालिनी cave ( की ) is an interesting example with three temples on the rear and side walls of the mandapa .
The upper tala has a नवरंग mandapa with twelve outer pillars similar to the Indra Sabha with a shrine behind .
From a corner of the mandapa there is an additional unit at the typical angle the भूतल which are similar to the size and character of the units on the ground but are intricately carved .
The cave - temple at Elephanta a small island near Bombay is distinguished by the abnormal excellence of its idols of which the गुफा is most famous .
The मंडप is a large mandapa in its scheme with parallel to the भुजाओं of the rock with its principal east - west linear axis supported by twenty pillars on the भुजाओं sides between eight and eight on the front sides .
The steps are on the smaller arm of the rear descending sides from this excavation in both sides and in the open पुंज which separates the rock from the rest of the mass .
These two are designed as the northern lateral extensions of the maha - mandapa with an entrance on the open side while the corresponding lateral extension of the same plan in the south is cut into the parent rock with Mahesamurti and other sculptures .
On the rear end of the maha - mandapa is a sandhara महामंडप shrine square with doors framed by elaborate over - doors on all sides .
The rock - cut linga - pitha is a large linga - pitha with a linga mounted on it with a spout on the north .
The Hindu cave at जिला ( जिला district ) in Maharashtra has a sandhara - like sanctum with two shorter transverse corridors in front and two smaller subsidiary shrines on the आजू .
It is apparently a plan after the model of Caves 17 and 21 of Ellora and datable to the first quarter of the eighth century .
It is perhaps a provincial contemporary of the एलोरा of Ellora .
There is a unfinished excavation beside the Siva cave .
The cave at औरंगाबाद near Aurangabad has five shrine - cells in a row behind the pillared rectangular mandapa in a row cut into the lower तट trap on the left bank of the औरंगाबाद river floor .
Each room has a door - opening .
There are two bays in front and behind the mandapa which form the mouth and ardha - mandapa .
It is not clear that this cave belongs to the western Chalukyas or from the Eastern Chalukyas it may be a mixed tradition .
The type and other types of sculptures indicate the Eastern Chalukyan authorship in the mid - seventh century .
The entrances are plain - LRB - गुफा - RRB - like in the southern cave - temples - LRB - गुफा - RRB - and similar to the Western Chalukyan - Rashtrakuta types .
Most of the cave - temples are dedicated to Siva though two are definitely dedicated to Durga and some to Vishnu .
The sculptural content is much lower than that of Badami Aihole Ellora etc .
Among the few sculptures the tandava Siva is remarkable .
The largest of the गुफा cave - temple at एलोरा and the Buddhist Caves 11 and 12 . at Ellora are the three - storeyed structures akin to the two talas and three .
If this is not the previous one the seventh century and perhaps the Buddhist creed was originally transformed into a Vishnu temple later into a recumbent Vishnu or Anantasayin .
The शैल cave - temples excavated into the soft चट्टान rock at नेल्लोर hills in Nellore district differ from the contents of the Krishna गुंटुर group .
The two rock sculptures of dancing Siva and Harihara in their midst have small niches or memorial shrines inside them with लिंग or other inscriptions of the eighth century .
The eight larger cave - temples fall into two groups .
Starting from the northern end of the horseshoe - shaped valley the first four are simple shrine - cells devoid of elaborately decorated kapota and the kudu ornaments .
An earlier गुफा though monolithic shrine - size is found in the . cave at जिला में Madhya Pradesh .
It is a more or less rounded monolithic temple cut out of a single mass of sandstone rock and on a ground floor cutting into the hemisphere and housed by a flat stone - पत्थर minister according to his conception .
What is more important is the fact that the Pallavas moulded various forms of vimana temples of brick and wood at the commencement of the seventh century .
Thus they exist in the south as early examples of the beginnings of vimana architecture and represent the varied versions of the existing or developed aircraft .
These रथ which are locally known as rathas indicate the existence of well - defined forms of रथ and elevation धार्मिक they also indicate existence of well - defined codes and manuals on rituals art and architecture .
They are thus the most important landmarks in the study of Indian temple architecture particularly the architecture of the south .
These structures as wholly - carved specimens form a unitary type of shrine forms with the ardha - mandapa in front and represent not only the outer but also the आंतरिक forms of the आंतरिक cave - temples .
They were carved out from the apex to the base unlike all the building on the foundation or base .
However according to the traditional method the stupi or की was originally built in the स्तूपी temple with the ceremonial establishment of the आराध्य image in the साथ temple and after the ceremonial worship of the sanctum the stupi would not be cut off .
The applique on the बीच of both the talas and above the ग्रीवा of the second tola and on the griva are made from four karnakutas at the corners and four बीच on each side .
The hara at the aditala level is extended over the top of the ardha - mandapa a symptom of early aircraft .
The नागर रथ ratha in the north with its ardha - mandapa are of the pure Nagara order ; only the difference is that this is not a ham on top of the नागर - it is in this respect the final and last of the later vimanas .
Both the rathas lack sculptures on their aditala walls and are incomplete .
The incomplete southern पिडारी ratha facing east and the more complete Arjuna ratha are likewise double - storeyed . square on both the talas and having four pairs over four karnakutas and four salas .
The griva and sikhara are however octagonal in section making them both nirandhara vimanas of the Dravida order of the composite variety .
Four nasikas are projected from the four cardinal sides of the griva sikhara .
The ardha - mandapa in both the vimanas carries a ham of kutas and salas over the aditala .
Finding that the building in these hard stones is a difficult and expensive one ; पत्थरों and his प्रतिस्पर्धियों have not been पत्थरों by बालुकाश्म in order to increase speed and speed राजसिंह gradually adapted to the city .
The great Kailasanatha temple in Kanchi and others on the other side are of this type .
Nevertheless in this regard however much of the Pallava Chalukyas were left behind by the Pallava Chalukyas but the रथों of their monolithic or cut - off rathas helped them to make more structured structures and structures more well - knit .
The Shore temple at Mahabalipuram is a complex of three temples with accessory महाबलीपुरम type and gopura mandapas .
In these three the largest vimana facing east is the sea - facing east and is called the . - विमान and the smaller vimana on the west behind it is called the विमान the two are dedicated to them .
All these names inscribed on structure are titles of Rajasimha the builder of the , complex .
The larger eastern vimana has an additional prakara of its own which covers the east . south and north but is open in the west .
Both the talas are . .
The vimana is called लिंग in the name of Rajasimha ' s son ; the common long - shaped linga and Somaskanda panel in addition to the inner wall of the ardha - mandapa on the inner wall of Brahma and Vishnu with other sculptures and sculptures .
On the western side the prakara has another entrance at the middle of the prakara which is a real gopura with the sola superstructure .
A group of small double - storeyed vimanas on the inner face of the prakara wall only of two square and kuta types .
But among the kuta vimanas of the malika of parivara shrines those of the east are विमान विमान and पश्चिम on the west while those on the north and south sides are east.
On the outer walls of these parivara shrines of the malika are varied बाहरी Saivite Vaishnavite of varied iconography.
There is a small पार्श्विक in the पार्श्विक with a small gopura or पार्श्विक in front and two additional lateral entrances near the two front corners .
Thus the village assembly was ग्राम . as in ग्राम ग्राम .
Like the लडखन it had originally a small shrine at the rear replaced by a much later पूजाकक्ष .
Similarly the छत also has a shrine with the hind wall of the hall and the छत later on since the roof shrine shows signs of a more sophisticated Chalukyan vimana roof .
The शिलालेख of Jain establishment with an inscription dated AD 634 is better developed .
The walled central bay forms the sanctum and carries the roof over it .
The rear bays on either side open to two later cave - temples of the hind wall near the corners of the rear wall having two lateral bays on the central axial line with flat roof forms their own ardha - mandapa .
The three mukha - mandapa bays in front as well as the corresponding three bays on the rear have slopy roofs .
Similarly the two lateral walls of the mandapa have five तत्वों corresponding to the hara elements the central one on each side being the के which is again found on both sides of the shrine entrance .
The recesses on the north and south of each lateral face wall of the mandapa are perforated .
The second tala is tall and rises up as an extension over the wall of the aditala .
The third tala is of lower height and is also devoid of the hara .
Unlike this group of vimana forms represented various stages of development in the seventh century there are complete forms of vimana as in the case of the Pallava cave - temples of पट्टदकल and . which reflect the characteristic features of the vimana .
Of these the temples at गोदावरी गोदावरी are peculiar .
The बिक्कावोलु range is in two groups .
The preceding group includes a third temple consisting of में . . and local names perhaps all of them formed during the period of his successors .
They are all square in plan three - storeyed tritala Nagara vimanas with four अंतस्थ intervening on the aditala and second tola पंजरों without panjaras and devoid of the sukanasika .
These features indicate affinity and proximity to the Pallava type though their distinct regional and parental Chalukyan traits are evident from the other features and the general importance of the vimana form .
In the construction of मेहराब elaborate skill has been displayed - especially by combining the मकर of both sides of the arch .
The नाल in the flexed cornice or kapota are horseshoe - shaped as in the Pallava and early Chalukyan examples .
The other three गांव अंदर अंदर अंदर चंद्रशेखर and गांव within the village fall into समूह - समूह the latter and the latter group are perhaps of the time probably of Rajaraja Narendra के .
They are also two or three नागर Nagara vimanas square in plan but their नैदानिक are completely or partially विमान in later times and heavily heavily plastered over with many basic clinical features .
Though smaller in size it is embellished with bold and round sculpture in the niches and से of Puranic scenes organised by miniature panels .
The whole story of the lives of the sixty - three Saiva विमानों according to the दीवारों work has been briefly described .
The large maha - mandapa sculptures in the wall niches and in the malika corridors are replaced by a newer medium - LRB - stone - RRB - such as the पत्थर though the structure is of granite .
They are all sculptures of a fine quality and most of them are now removed and exhibited in the Thanjavur Art gallery .
The closed maha - mandapa of this महामंडप complex has an open porch - like agra - mandapa in its south with relief sculptures on carved pillars .
The mandapa like the मंडप is also designed to simulate a chariot on wheels drawn by the हाथियों while the front steps are guarded by elephants .
Outside this gopura is an ornate but small Nandi - mandapa .
Further there is an outer gopura का now a non - existent outer wall .
The addition of the devi temple brought out the general vogue of kalyana utsava or god and goddess annual का for which special kalyana - mandapas were built with attached मंडप - mandapas halls .
The beginnings of the अंग or नटराज in Siva temples particularly those of Nataraja have already been mentioned .
The other types of festivals performed at different times are the मंडप where festival idols are arranged and performed in procession .
The मंडप or मंडप maha - mandapa or brass . the colour pavilion for dance and music the परिसरों and even the जोडे were added to the temple complexes in the halls .
The medieval temples of this most of the Tamil land were not only centres of religious worship of the community but also of social भूमि economic and other mundane activities which always centred round the temple.
The early temples of the tenth century such as the नवलिंग complex at जिला near बालुकाश्म district and कल्लेश्वर in the latter half of the tenth century are perhaps the last examples of the extinction of a sandstone - rich rock tradition .
They adopted different soft stone structures such as the पत्थरों पत्थरों in the middle of their times .
The fine group of nine temples known as the बालुकाश्म temple contain nine two or three - storeyed square vimanas and single - walled temples built round the sides and ends of the linear row of three mandapas with poor quality .
In general looking after the . they resemble the बिक्कावोशु temples of the Eastern Chalukyas .
It has originally a closed navaranga - mandapa in front though an open mandapa was added later .
The central bay of the navaranga which stands between four central pillars is square and larger than the eight surrounding peripheral segments .
In addition there are four supporting pillars at the four inner corners of the garbha - griha .
The pilasters on the walls are slender with their heads lost their balanced shape .
The pilasters on the walls are slender with their heads lost their balanced shape .
The antarala between the bays of the wall are carved with ornamental pilasters and pilasters on top of the eleventh century Chola temples at Thanjavur and मंडप .
The decorative pilaster is framed inside a torana over a shorter pilaster motif .
Thus the poem goes on and goes on to the mysterious contracts of which the स्मृतियों of nature and man are yet to disappear into a vague descent until the great remains of the earth were created .
A man who loved his people and this patriot was one of the severest critics of his countrymen .
In other words the wonderful panorama of life in this world is shattered .
All this must melt away like a shadow. Getting and not get both ends in some उच्छवास .
Sometimes he realises that love for that Divine Love has been real in its eternal quest without knowing the eternal object of that love in this life and in his previous births as much as in God ' s constant search for the spirit .
It was a close - knit relationship with religious consciousness and religious consciousness which had reached its zenith during the Gitanjali period .
But the love of life is strong and the mystic consciousness still remained as strong .
But nearer home in the northern regions of the empire the break - up was seen more clearly depending on the political conquest by not only the alien rulers of foreign faith but also other local and complex factors .
Much new and पाषाण hard stone from the extant extant extant extant extant stone and in addition to it the much sought - after पाषाण were provided by the पाषाण predecessors of पश्चिमी and the hundreds of models left before them by the Western Chalukyas .
The very peculiarities of their plan and elevation could not afford the starting point for the Vijayanagar series .
As the गली are believed to have turned into a closed lane which विचलित away from the main road of development laid down by their precursors the Rashtrakutas and before them .
For the emphasis on the horizontal division resulting in the tiered nature of the superstructure was the sine qua non of the recognized southern vimana system .
Style could not be solved in such a perspective of the suppression to almost the extent of actual दमन of the horizontal division and level .
The similar but extends from the base to the apex over the steep - walled लहरदार at which the much thrust in the Hoysala style could not be met with .
The quality of stone as also the availability of a large location for the stone - carving and the relief resulting from the पाषाण . encouraged such पाषाण which could not be readily adopted by the artisans of Vijayanagar .
Inside the eastern apse or the half of the structure there is a large pillared mandapa with twelve pillars on the periphery each of which is a large का of composite feature forming a feature of the Vijayanagar temples .
Each of these women - shaped pillars are carved on the outer surface with नारी or thin नारी attached only to the base and top with characteristic features of the pillars and attached to it all at the top .
Yet the नवरंग design stands on the top with a raised ceiling of nine bays on top eight of which are surrounded by larger बीच .
Inside the open arms of each of the Nagas the stone section has been cut into a round ball which can धूम but cannot be धूम .
The twelve walls surrounding the mandapa - mandapa pillars have a roof between them and the outer wall composed of two rising stages each with an outward slope while the ceiling on top of the central mandapa is raised as a रोशनदान .
In this highly rain - soaked area the roof is so designed that the long ढलवां of the outer and the ढलवां have been fixed on the upper side and the adjacent parallel edges of every two channels have been covered by a inverted channel stone .
This pattern is found followed in many other temples of this area and the western central strip .
The inner roof of the रंगमंडप into the larger central volume on the mandapa - floor thus further deepening the pitch - the गहराई ceiling on which there is a distinct inverted lotus with large curved कमल and thin central लटकता .
The circular srikoyil of में at the most northerly of the row divides the sanctum from a transverse ear wall .
The western half forms are the पश्चिमी in which Siva has its own door and a का का in front .
The eastern half is dedicated to devi Parvati with a door opening on the east .
The northern and southern faces have false doors or छदम .
The outer wall of the sandhara structure on the stone - moulded adhishthana and its prastara show the characteristic reliefs of pilasters and miniature shrines of the kuta sala and panjara models as in the Tamil Nadu temples .
The slopy conical roof of metal sheet covers it by its overhanging eaves supported by brackets sprung from the wall .
The inner wall rising up truly carries this immense conical roof or sikhara with a single metal stupi on top .
The two - storeyed shrines of Rama in the most south of the group are square with its adhishthana walls and prastara relieved five times on its four sides .
I have saved them again but for the last time the insurgents did not live with their intention and took the lives of the poor and I did not order them .
If he did so he would have done it at the instance of Mirza Moghul . "
The Emperor added that many of his सिपाहियों and documents were signed against him by his will so far as my seal was taken and that the fact was that the sepoys had occupied me and murdered me .
The papers they thought fit would be prepared and brought to me compelled me to affix the seal.
Sometimes he brought the rough drafts of letters and sent them back to my office .
Sometimes they brought the original letters to be sent and left copies .
Many of these hands were thus हाथों .
Often they seal on the empty envelopes .
It is therefore difficult to know what papers were there and what people were sending . "
I prefer to value the evidence . "
Later on the prosecutor declared Bahadur Shah a sovereign अभियोक्ता and पेंशनभोगी : " The fact that the prisoner was a victim of British rule in India and that the British Government did not even give him the first one to save him or her .
He was a sovereign and possessed authority in Delhi . "
Shah Waliullah ' s statement made an attempt to prove that when he and the lawyer were with Ghulam Abbas बादशाह he was informed that these men were killed in the killing Mrs खान were killed and that they were not sufficient .
The statement proved that the servants of the king were थे and that the king was involved in it .
" No servant was dismissed " he said and no servant was ever examined against anybody and that the सेवक were still continuing to be a salaried servant . "
In regard to the first charge the prosecutor stated that a special servant should be relied upon by the king on other documents and letters he wrote to him by others .
We accept the obligation to publish it .
He further stated that the issue of the said letter was fully prepared on my responsibility on 28th April 1883 and published most of my information : रामकुमार . did not read the contents of its editorial before publication .
I propose to say further that Sir John नौरिस Norris I do not know except a respected and learned judge of this Hon’ble court and in any other way whatever I have written and published with the good intentions .
On 28th April 1883 two articles had appeared on the said issue of the letter to Hon 'ble Lord John के H . Norris 1st page 194 . - LRB - 194 - RRB - under ' The ' News and Notes ' .
" The Brahmo Public Opinion referred to in the said paragraph is a periodical published in Calcutta every Thursday and deserves the confidence of the people and whose editor is in this court .
According to my best knowledge of the contents of the first paragraph I was printed on Thursday 19 April 1883 and there is no other mention in the above letter in the above .
That the basis of the grievance was printed in the issue of 26 April 1883 of the Brahmo Public Opinion and no खंडन or clarification was published before the publication of the said issue in a letter or other newspaper .
He added : " I had the privilege of being an Indian to my generation and before my countrymen ( as I understand ) who suffered imprisonment for their public duties and was severely punished by Surendra Nath Banerjea .
He became overnight.
This trial sowed the seed of the right of freedom of expression and pleaded for a free and frank statement of the press in the interest of the public .
It challenged the jurisdiction of the court to try for contempt .
This trial also established the rule that the judge of the High Court should keep in mind the sentiments of the people and not act arbitrary .
Interestingly enough Surendra Nath Banerjea was later elected President of the 11th session of the Indian National Congress .
He was born in a Marathi परिवार family of मराठी and studied in Deccan College from where he passed a degree in law and established मराठा College under his auspices he joined the fold of journalism and entered the field of मराठा .
In 1857 he started the Shivaji festival and tried to revive patriotic feelings among Indians .
He severely criticised the government methods of dealing with the plague outbreak in Poona and he was convicted by the charge of sedition .
Tilak was tried under Section 124 - A .
Tilak defended himself and prepared a masterly defence which is a document of historical importance .
This was the trial in which he was asked by the judge if he had to say something in his defence तिलक Tilak uttered these memorable words पर at the entrance of the cell .
Tilak was sentenced to six years' transportation to Mandalay in Burma and a fine of Rs 1000 .
The third trial on Tilak was held in 1916 when he was sentenced to six years' transportation .
In this trial also he was charged with sedition but no sentence was imposed .
The second trial of 1908 is of historical importance because it has a special place in criminal jurisprudence .
Tilak was arrested and brought before a magistrate at the बंबई Court of Bombay to try charges .
He was charged with abetment of murder.
The lawyer of Tilak argued for a trial .
The government advocate pressed for two separate cases and the magistrate had no alternative but to order two cases according to the official point of view .
Tilak was committed to the High Court where such trials were conducted .
M . A . A . Jinnah the national leader of the time who had been the maker of the present Pakistan in course of time argued his application to bail saying that the sins were being treated and the rules of translation were based on .
It was just and fair to release him on bail for his right translation and presentation of his defence by Tilak .
He assured the judge that Tilak could be trusted to attend the court on the hearing day .
Jinnah pointed out the earlier decision of Mr Justice Tyabji the judge where bail was granted in such a case .
He argued that his knowledge had not undergone any change in the attitude of the Government to political activists and that in political matters the system of justice was not free from such bias .
Mr Justice Davar refused to grant bail .
Though Tilak was not a revolutionary and believed in violent methods he was arrested and kept in strict security arrangements .
An unprecedented crowd had come up to see her favourite leader who was employed by the government for planning .
The authorities fearing protests from the crowd of admirers put Tilak in the darkness of the night to the High Court building and kept them in prison in a small room at the top of the building .
The Government was unwilling to provide any facility ( by lawyers or jury ) and arbitrarily transferred the trial to Bombay High Court .
A dispute also arose about the nature of the jury .
The government wanted a special jury to punish Tilak .
The barrister Joseph Baptista brilliantly argued against the government ' s insistence on a special jury .
His argument was that a special jury would consist mostly of Europeans and Anglo - Indians who were not acquainted with the basic Marathi language of the so - called objectionable articles .
From the beginning therefore he would start to prejudice Tilak against his community .
He said that it would be a travesty of justice to have a special jury of Europeans and Anglo - Indians in the case of an accusation of Section 153 - A of the Indian Penal Code .
He found it wrong that a child was forced to sit in the complexity of a foreign language since childhood and not to express himself freely in his mother tongue and not to express himself with joy .
And so Tagore did not forget his school days when we made children sit like a dead museum specimens and the lessons were thrown on us like flowers .
He has learnt to assimilate these experiences with his senses before he learns from his mind .
He should therefore be provided with an environment which would stimulate his curiosity so that the world around him becomes simple and pleasant .
He should also be encouraged to do his own work and his reliance on the teacher should be minimal .
So that the child could understand his environment and love him ; before he could keep vigil over his mind he could understand all his activities and activities and make them known to Santiniketan a great measure of universal education .
According to Tagore nature is the best teacher .
He wanted the understanding of science to come from the study of nature and the study of natural education that could develop the child ' s curiosity and inclination .
In 1897 plague ravaged Poona and रैंड the oppressive - headed oppressive executive officer - called कार्यकारी - killed the brothers and went to the gallows singing verses from the Gita .
Young Savarkar took inspiration from it and promised to fight for India ' s independence as he did .
The next year it was expanded into the " Mitra Mela .
In 1902 Vinayak joined the पुणे College Pune and lived there .
He formed a group of young patriots .
In 1905 " सावरकर - LRB - सावरकर - RRB - spread the revolt throughout the country ; Savarkar ' s party lit a bonfire of foreign cloth at Pune which led to the release of Savarkar from College सावरकर .
After graduating in 1905 Vinayak toured extensively to gain support for his friend Mela ( now known as Abhinav Bharati .
In 1906 on Tilak ' s recommendation Vinayak secured Shyam Krishna Varma . and went to England .
It was concerned with the judicial problems of national and international importance .
Savarkar ' s only purpose in life was to liberate his motherland from foreign yoke .
The great patriot revolutionary and freedom fighter Savarkar was connected with political activities since his student days and was also an active member of the " Abhinav Bharati ' s Working Committee for India ' s freedom .
While playing an active part in political activities Savarkar decided to go to England so that the British people and the whole world could be made aware of the injustice oppression and exploitation .
But in spite of being a brilliant student it was not possible for him to go abroad on his money .
While studying law in Bombay he had heard that the great Indian patriot Shyam Krishna Verma a barrister working in England offered scholarship to needy Indian students .
In 1906 Savarkar reached London and devoted himself to learning .
He also utilised his energy in political activities and actively associated with Indians who propagated ideas against British rule and supporting revolutionary activities in India .
The Brigadier पकडकर seized the arm and took him back to the ship and the prisoner went peacefully .
The Brigadier did not release his hold until they reached the deck of the ship .
It seems that the whole incident took a few minutes .
It is alleged that the Brigadier was not ignorant of the presence of Savarkar on board the ship and that he was commanded to prevent any Hindu from coming on shore without a ticket .
These circumstances show that the persons in charge of Savarkar on board the ship were in a position to think that they could help the French police .
It has been established that the जहाज of the French police had arrived only a short time after the arrival of the ship and were present before the Commander in respect of the जहाज monitoring .
As a result the Speaker was transferred to the British police officer of the prisoner .
The court verdict :
Even though what has been said so far it is clear that the matter is not to grab any person who has made possession of foreign land and made Savarkar agree to India .
Though under the circumstances under which the practice of the , Brigadier was not recognised by his officers before his departure from मर्साई i . e . S . T . S . T . S . T . S . मर्साई before 9 July .
In spite of the view that Savarkar was arrested and dealt with by the British police there was no rule of international law that had been transferred to the country that had previously been properly protected by the British .
The decision of the Tribunal shocked the whole world because it laughed at the right of asylum as enshrined in the International Law .
In the case of Savarkar सावरकर supported the French view ( . D . General de Jurisprudence de Doctrine et de सावरकर 1911 ) .
This decision of the Arbitrator was severely criticised by other experts in Law Magazine and Review ( 326 pp . 36 . pp . 36 .
The French - vs. Great Britain ' s trial was amply demonstrated by ब्रिटेन an international law ( clause Eight - eighth edition पृ ब्रिटेन .
Some members of the British Parliament also criticised the judgment of The Hague trial .
An Indian patriot Shyam Krishna Verma published in Europe commented on this .
The judgment of the international court at the Hague has broken down faith in the rights of political refugees.
L . पार्लियामेंट rightly said that for the first time there was a tactical error in the court of justice and a friend who had been a member of the British Parliament who had assured us that the people had failed to assert .
Dr . के an expert in international law commented on this : " It limits the right to asylum .
According to this decision if carried to a distance it can be said that the Prince अपहृत may be kidnapped by the Russian पुलिस with the British police and he could not go without the consent of the British Government .
The decision shows that we shall find the urgent need for a stable court of international law as supplementary to the Arbitrator of The Hague as a result of rational decision - making . "
Thus ended the trial of a patriot and revolutionary who loved his motherland and risked his life to liberate him from the oppressive British regime .
The trial left an imprint of Savarkar ' s personality on International Law and the footprints of this champion of liberty which were directed towards the deliverance of the suppressed classes .
The influence was so great that the decision of the French Prime Minister M . फ्रांस was compelled to resign soon after the decision of the Hague .
Mahatma Gandhi . - मोहनदास Gandhi was born on 2nd October 1869 at Porbandar in Gujarat .
He was the youngest of three brothers and had a sister .
His father Karamchand उत्तमचंद was the prime minister of Rajkot .
Gandhi ' s school went up till 1887.
Gandhi was married in 1881 to 1881 .
After reading about nine months in college he left for England in September 1888 to study law .
He returned to India in 1891 and resumed practice .
In April 1893 a merchant named Seth अब्दुल्ला received him a .
On reaching there he made a direct impression on the atrocities committed by अश्वेत .
There he wrote से : God ' s rule was within you and was impressed by his other writings .
On 19 December 1914 Gandhi returned to India and after a brief and pleasant stay in February - March 1915 he founded the Satyagraha Ashram in Ahmedabad city on 25 May 1915 with his colleagues in अहमदाबाद .
In June 1917 it was shifted from here to the banks of the Sabarmati river opposite the city .
Between 1917 and 1918 Gandhi participated in two movements in Champaran ( Bihar ) and the श्रमिक ( Gujarat ) and the labour dispute in Ahmedabad .
On November 11 1918 the First World War broke out and the Rowlatt Bills were launched to suppress the wave of revolt in India .
Gandhi reacted sharply against these repressive laws and led the resurgent Indian nationalism .
From 1924 to 1929 Gandhi devoted himself exclusively to constructive programmes and launched a number of " campaign .
In 1924 he was elected president of the Indian National Congress .
There have been a number of detailed studies on his life - philosophy and his political insight social religious and economic considerations .
Many people have seen Gandhi mainly as a religious leader many have accepted him as the leader of Indian nationalism .
He was very regular and methodical in his behaviour and his mode of living was very simple .
Gandhi respected the grave religious beliefs of every individual and his dealings with men and women were entirely human and he was ready to forget all the sufferings of men and women who came to him for shelter .
I only want to say that if the proper time comes I shall plead 'guilty' so far as disaffection towards the British Government is concerned .
It is true that I am the editor of Young India " that the articles read in my presence have been written by me and the proprietors and publishers permitted me to determine the policy of the whole newspaper .
It was recorded in the proceedings of the court that accused . did not wish to call any defence witnesses and that he has no objection to his trial by the Sessions Court without delay .
Accused अभियुक्त 2 refused to call any defence witnesses and requested the court to put the case early .
The magistrate gave the following orders under Section 213 .
The accused are charged with sedition कर some special articles published in Young India ( Young India ) ; accused का i the editor of this newspaper and accused अभियुक्तों 2 ) .
I hereby charge you with the exception of the Additional District Magistrate . जिला London Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi मैजिस्ट्रेट .
" On 29 September 1921 when you were editor of Young India . wrote on 15 December 1921 and 23 February 1922 in an appendix to the अहमदाबाद An Indian offence was instituted and an offence committed by His Majesty in India .
From time to time in the minds of men the impulses were shaken in melancholy and a long procession passed through the शोकाकुल - आंधी pilgrimage to Mahatma Gandhi and those who were constantly श्रम upon their feet and feet .
The final scene of the trial was still left : the farewell of friends and lawyers who went to him in a queue and for each of them Gandhi had a soft word or मजाक .
The farewell.
The military officers were waiting for Gandhiji with a vehicle .
Around 2 o 'clock Gandhiji entered the carriage with Kasturba Pandit Malaviya Banker and Mrs Naidu.
Outside the Circuit House the excited crowd tried to shout their favourite slogan of Jai Hind but Gandhiji stopped him with his hand .
Eventually the message of truth and nonviolence had already been recorded in the pages of history .
Strangely enough the charge was intended to refuse bail for bail by the prosecution and the chief reason admitted by the magistrate was that the case was started by the Government of India after considerable care and that the accused was likely to be guilty .
The preliminary enquiry commenced before Mr Milner जिला special magistrate at Meerut .
In his early speech he stressed the role of Moscow and the third International in carrying out communist propaganda in India .
By giving a detailed account of the genesis of the third international गृहयुद्ध objectives गृहयुद्ध organizations and गृहयुद्ध he said that the majority of people connected with the anti - national movement are at liberty to enjoy this battle under the orders of ' गृहयुद्ध ' and terrorism .
In addition he pointed out the role of a number of agencies forged by Moscow for the promotion of communism in India viz . Red International of Labour लेबर " National Movement of Labour द्वारा and the League लीग .
In the entire non - communist world with the emphasis on the subversive " of the " विध्वंसकारी " Mr James pointed out that the communists in Russia had दमन their own countrymen and that they were in particular the social structure of India .
In 1927 he made vigorous efforts to capture the Trade Union Congress and last year he persistently adhered to the Moscow Group .
The sentences were reduced considerably .
व्यक्तियों and eight others were completely acquitted.
Considering the fact that the accused had already been in jail for more than four years the High Court tried to get some trouble .
The prosecution evidence in the Sessions Court lasted more than 13 months .
5 . The debate for four and a half months
The hearing of the arguments commenced on July 24 1933 .
The trial was a farce throwing all established legal rules and procedures .
Sardar Bhagat Singh Bhagat Singh . Bhagat Singh ' s घर भगत was born in the home of Kishan Singh and जन्म in Banga in the बंगा district of Punjab in 1907 and the exact date of birth is not known .
After his early education from Banga school Bhagat Singh was sent to the D. V. College at Lahore .
From 1923 to his death in 1931 Bhagat Singh fought for the freedom of his motherland .
In 1925 he founded the लाहौर Bharat Sabha at Lahore to क्रांति the youth of the revolution .
He was introduced by other revolutionaries like Sukhdev सुखदेव Yashpal Chan - dra Shekhar Azad क्रांतिकारियों Nath Das and others who were working with the youth .
On February 3 1928 when the Simon Commission landed in Bombay the Congress called upon a procession with black flags .
Lala Lajpat Rai received serious injuries and within 15 days of this incident he died on 17th November 1928 .
Bhagat Singh took the responsibility to avenge this national insult from blood ' .
On 17th December 1928 Bhagat Singh . with two close comrades राजगुरू Rajguru and Azad . arrived at the office of Mr Scott .
Bhagat Singh and his comrades took their pre - settled positions in this office situated in the Punjab Central Secretariat .
Sometime later Naren came out of an English office .
Bhagat Singh one of his comrades mistook him for Mr Scott .
He was in fact a police superintendent J . P . Saunders .
At about twenty minutes Saunders fired his motorcycle and rode out of the gate on the road with a hint of सांडर्स pistols fired by Rajguru .
The country rejoiced at Saunders hitting him as it was not an act of violence or terror but an honour for Lala Lajpat Rai and the country ' s honour .
Both Bhagat Singh and Dutt of B . के were happy and laughed.
Unlike the court proceedings he was placed on a bench inside the कठघरे .
Behind them were the prison officers and some others . D . were sitting . "
On the same day eleven prosecution witnesses ( all official ) were examined .
Not a single independent witness was there .
When the court rose for lunch Bhagat Singh ' s family was allowed to meet him in the presence of police officers .
At that meeting Bhagat Singh repeatedly told his father that the government was going to put him to the gallows and that he was not so worried .
But the court rejected the demand saying that it was not binding on anyone .
The statement ended with the slogan 'Long Live the ' इंकलाब ' .
The trial took place on June 10 1929 and pronounced its decision .
हुए the judgment the Sessions Judge said :
The accused have accepted the throwing of bombs in the Assembly .
He has alleged that the prosecution evidence regarding the seizure of the pistol is false and some of the evidence relating to throwing bombs is false .
He admitted that he regarded human life as holy and he said that the bombs were fired with a view to विरोध and warn him .
They have described the damage caused by bombs as minor and have stated that it was not their intention to harm them .
I accept the direct and oral evidence produced before me as cogent proof that Bhagat Singh and Dutt of B threw a bomb into the Assembly chamber that Bhagat Singh fired .
The facts which are necessary about the charges made them throw a bomb and I consider it proved .
The trial started on July 10 1929 .
It included 27 persons .
Out of 27 six were at random and could not find them .
Of the remaining 18 three were discharged under various streams .
The remaining 15 persons including नाथ Nath Ghosh and Bhagat Singh were tried .
The first two were considered unreliable and the case was tried on the basis of the remaining five मुकदमा .
All the accused were young .
He knew the result : so he did not take the matter seriously and remained utterly indifferent to it .
Bhagat Singh and his comrades took a variety of ways to make fun of the court and its proceedings .
These included in the immediate course of action Bhagat Singh ' s revolutionary songs singing and slogans , in which other comrades joined and thus obstructing the court proceedings which were just a farce.
The first charge was that of the accused बर्मा बर्मा i . e . शाह who was transferred to India from the Criminal Injuries Compensation Authority of India and from the Criminal Injuries Compensation Authority ( बर्मा dated April 26 1945 ) .
The second was the Indian Army Act ( Section 41 ) of the said Captain P . Sehgal .
The fourth charge : Section 41 ( against the said Lt. Gurbaksh Singh Dhillon ) .
That he did commit murder.
The fifth charge : Section 41 ( against the said FIR ) .
The sixth charge : Section 41 ( against the said Lt. Gurbaksh Singh Dhillon ) .
That he did commit murder.
According to the language of the book of international law its liability rests on the state under whose directions they fought and such liability in the war would not be binding under international law .
Of course if the rebellion is successful then it becomes a new government and that is the end and the international law responds to my clients . "
Bhulabhai Desai directly went to the original issue ( till the people of rebellion when he said " An Indian would find itself in the midst of a situation where it would be a question of how far the king would be expected to raise the issue .
In any case the position of an Indian is very difficult and I should like to make a correct solution to the court .
Where the King and the country become equal.
If a war is fought against the king and against the interests of his country it does not arise but if it is a fight for independence it is certainly a question of human sanction to show .
If the war is being fought in order to liberate its own country why should the question of allegiance arise ?
How can you say when you fight to liberate your country there is loyalty to any of your देश that prevents you from fighting .
The only condition is that you have not sold your soul and if that is so nothing but infinite slavery . "
He added that modern International Law had recognised the existence of a struggle and a united struggle for its liberation of subject countries and castes .
The counsel known for Delhi Asaf Ali अदालत Mr जिया Lal जिया and other co - workers joined the court to defend Sheikh Abdullah .
Sheikh Abdullah delivered all his speeches in Kashmiri language and only one speech was delivered in Urdu .
The prosecution relied upon various extracts from the speeches written by the defence authorities on the part of the speeches .
The complaint quoted below shows that incorrect translations were made in charging charges of Section 124 - A to the people ' s voice and freedom movement in the state .
( 1 ) The accused ( 1 ) set up ने ( भडकाने ) the Government of Jammu and Kashmir and His Highness Bahadur of Jammu and Kashmir with a view to creating hatred and contempt against His Highness the 13 उपनगरों and his उपनगरों .
India has three - fourths under the direct control of the British while a quarter is indirectly controlled .
In these parts गुलामों million men live as slaves .
We conclude by the rule of सिख - LRB - 19 May के - RRB - and 16th May 1946 - LRB - What do we want the Hindus Muslims and Sikhs of this state ?
They do not want to fall prey to the pomp and show.
Forty lakh people are falling prey to a man ' s favourite .
I would like to tell the Hindus who sing the Dogra Raj what is the reality of Raj ? its foundation is on shameful treachery .
Today in 1946 1946 I wish to avenge this shameful treachery from the descendants of Maharaja Gulab Singh .
He prophesied that time would come when the dead of Kashmir would rise from their graves and shout डोगरा Raj राज .
No strife can keep these people under subjection .
We have to decide to be free from slavery by our blood .
Revolt is the right of a slave .
Three hundred years later we will end this Dogra raj .
This is a holy war .
प्रेरित people to take part in this war .
Those who swear by the blood of sweat on dogs and horses and worse than dictators .
It is the duty of every man to break away from their clutches . "
( 3 ) The prosecution claimed that in general the above speeches and particularly these articles ( i . e . the Government of Jammu and Kashmir and His Highness Bahadur ' s feelings of contempt and dissatisfaction are अवमानना .
( 4 ) सभाओं before these meetings were carried out with a number of other things which were the direct result of excitement by these speeches .
These slogans have no other meaning and effect but hatred and contempt of the king and his family .
The prosecution examined 26 witnesses in support of the prosecution .
Most of the witnesses were police and C . D . men and officials .
Some of them were not well versed in English and they had written their statements earlier and translated into English .
From the beginning it was clear that the Government and the court were anyhow bent upon punishing Sheikh Abdullah .
His speeches were torn out of context and the entire prosecution was based on notes by the speeches .
Though badly translated the speeches show the rare courage of a warrior who had the courage to stand up against British oppression and misrule .
Sheikh Abdullah courageously admitted that he had made these inflammatory speeches and was firm on his statements .
This posed a threat to penal and preventive provisions of law .
Where the law is not based on the will of the people it दमन their aspirations .
Such law may be imposed for some time and does not hold any moral validity .
I submit to the same law and wish to abide by the conviction and conviction of the same tribunal and my colleagues left out their claims not only on the behalf of the 40 lakhs of people in Jammu and Kashmir but on the other .
These claims are not confined to the people of any race religion caste creed or colour ; they apply to all for I see humanity as a whole entity which is not broken by such barriers and human rights always wins .
Some allegations have been made that the 'Quit Kashmir' and the demand for cancellation of the Treaty of Amritsar have been inspired by the communal or communist end .
It is a तोडना of facts and I deny and repudiate these allegations .
The National Conference is a National Organization which includes people who agree with its objectives and co - operate with the All India People ' s Conference so that it is concerned .
It also supports the abolition of privileges and social and economic changes to the people .
At the end of his statement before the Sessions Court Sheikh Abdullah uttered these memorable words :
It is no great thing to me if a prisoner is made out of trial or I am punished .
Then we will be worthy of our homeland . "
His defence defence showed the sorry plight of the people of Kashmir , who had bought Kashmir had been exploiting its revenues and had suffered the misery and misery in the state .
The prosecutor submitted that all the charges had been proved and that Sheikh Abdullah should be convicted severely .
The defence counsel Asaf Ali also made a memorable statement .
He said " For various reasons both internal and external this trial has become a memorable trial of history particularly of the chequered history of Kashmir .
And I venture to say that the trial which has been so important in the history of the whole of India is reflected in the fact that the great leaders of India have been interested in taking the liberty of Mahatma Gandhi Jawaharlal Nehru and others .
It is well - known that His Excellency the Viceroy and His हिज Chancellor of the Chamber of Princes were also apprised of this case and it is believed that they had given notice .
So far as the general public is concerned it is clear from its long account of the newspapers that the educated people of India are taking interest in this case .
In this sense it is a historic trial .
Sir महोदय it involves serious issues .
It is not a simple case of sedition but if so the prosecution themselves kept themselves within the limits of the law of sedition and ended the case in three days .
It seemed to them a point which went to the roots of the Constitution of the state .
It involved the fundamental rights of the people not only of this state but also the question of the rights of the people of all the Indian states . "
Asaf Ali then attacked the prosecution witnesses and witnesses .
The prosecution has challenged the powers to raise voice for their fundamental rights .
This is also the gist of the speeches delivered by the accused from 6 to 16 .
What is he demanding ?
He is demanding a responsible and representative government : a government run by the people in the interest of the people .
Is it an unreasonable demand ?
Today in August 1946 when the British Cabinet has declared that India has the right to be free and today India is determined to break her independence from the British Empire which will be within her domain .
At a time when the whole world is thinking about the freedom of the people and is not claiming to be the basis of the government in this state but the one hundred years old High Court has न्याय .
This is the voice of the human spirit .
It is the voice of the people .
Sheikh Abdullah represents the aspirations and rights of the people .
His words will be repeated again in the future and recorded in history .
Therefore I would like to say that if they are considered अनुचित it would be the principle of the rights of the people who are called " inherent approval or का in constitutional law . "
He said of the prosecution regarding the conduct of sentences of reference without reference to the speeches :
नहीं over a sentence is not a correct way to measure the effect of the speech but your judicial consultant has approved recently in the case of बजाज Bajaj .
I want to point out only the appropriate and relevant parts of this decision .
It lays down that taking into consideration the papers in the proceedings of the above judicial pronouncements should remember the words of Justice फिजगेराल्ड vs. न्यायाधीश in the case of Justice ; to consider them from a point of view and point of view .
It should also be remembered that mere abusive epithets के के के turbid language does not make a mark of writing in question .
What is important is that after a thorough perusal of these articles one comes to the conclusion that a common man reading a newspaper to the established government has a contempt of feelings of contempt and resentment .
He then went on to analyse the language of Section 124 - A of R . C . and said " If the language of the Ranjit पीनल code was read enough to give it a meaning to the people .
What are these simple rules ?
We are content to adopt the words of a learned judge which are found in every book of the crime code .
In Sedition all these practices come to be व्यवहार - LRB - राजद्रोह - RRB - which would be well - considered for the purpose of कर्म the peace of the State by word राजद्रोह - LRB - राजद्रोह - RRB - or deed .
All these spheres form जीवमंडल .
In this biosphere not only human beings but also plants such as पशु animals पशु birds कीट fish and insects ( pests ) and micro - organisms .
The environment gives us oxygen while water intake food and space from आक्सीजन and oxygen .
If there is any change in the environment and / or रासायनिक as well as in the जीवमंडल the effect is on everyone living in the biosphere .
This change is called pollution and the agents responsible for this pollution are called pollutants.
Pollution was gradually increasing after the industrial revolution .
As a result of this the survival of animals and plants around man has been endangered .
In Singapore noise has caused a variety of physical and psychological tensions .
It is often believed that the equipment and traffic noise of neighbours is responsible for accidents involving death and madness in a पडोसियों .
The day is not far when such circumstances are born in India .
The most important cause of pollution is the increasing population .
The increase of 2. 4 billion in only 20 years has led to depletion in resources and increased the trash .
In spite of his being surrounded by such प्रदूषणों men are living happily .
- None of us can forget that catastrophe happened at Bhopal on 3rd December 1984 .
The lethal gas from a plant operated by the Union Carbide escaped into the atmosphere killing over 4 000 people living in the city blind and crippling many .
Not only Bhopal but now every city is facing the threat of such a serious problem in every part of the world .
Every day every minute we breathe polluted air and are becoming victims of air pollution .
A man can live without food for a month without water for two to three days but without breathing he cannot survive even a minute .
It is estimated that an average person consumes about 1. 5 kg of food per day and about 2. 5 kg of water intake. But in comparison to this he transfers about 15 kg of air daily.
It is therefore certain that the quantum of pollutants in our body is manifold in comparison to polluted water or contaminated food .
The air is a mixture of gases composed of 78 per cent nitrogen . 21 per cent oxygen कार्बन per cent less than 1 per cent and कार्बन per cent of carbon dioxide .
As long as the percentage of these gases in the air remains so fresh .
The most important cause of this increasing air pollution is the rising number of motor vehicles and two coal - based thermal power stations within the urban limits .
The total air - borne tonnes of pollutants discharged by Delhi is estimated to be around मोटरवाहनों tonnes ( 60 per cent of motor vehicles ) .
The most dangerous of the effects of pollution is the accumulation of exhaust fumes particularly in winter . "
The severity of air pollution in Calcutta is not insignificant.
Calcutta is one of the most polluted cities in the world .
The maximum air value in Calcutta is कलकत्ता per वायु compared to 360 . in Teheran ( वायु ) and 23 माइक्रोग्राम per cent in London .
Chennai is one of the four metros on account of the consequences of polluted air though its worst effect appears in north Chennai where industries are raised .
Hyderabad is also severely affected by polluted air with deep clouds of smoke and exhaust fumes spreading over the city ' s मोटरवाहनों and surrounding areas .
The automobile exhausts carry out nearly 450 tonnes of pollutants the sky is always so brown that even the residents of the city cannot see the stars .
It is important to point out that the blood in smokers is higher than in non - smokers.
Among the particulate pollutants asbestos needs a special mention .
The use of asbestos has increased manifold during the past 30 years .
Used primarily as roofing material for buildings and for insulating brake and clutch वाहनों in automobiles asbestos content in the air has grown .
Another dreaded disease caused by polluted air containing dust particles is धूल or धूल .
It is a common dust - related disease .
Workers in mines and in industries such as उद्योग उद्योग उद्योग उद्योग cutting and sand श्रमिकों are the most common risk of disease - बीमारी which does not seem to start with but gradually सांस .
क्षयरोग often leads to tuberculosis .
Effects on Plants Air Pollution effect directly on their leaves and stems.
It is an indirect effect of pollution on plants by absorbing solids through roots .
They interact with other factors such as frost or drought affecting plants and aggravate them .
Trees and shrubs are reportedly drying in the gardens of the Imperial Palace in Japan .
In northern चेकोस्लोवाकिया of Czechoslovakia coal - fields have dried up crops and damage to forests .
The three pollutants for the peasants are the most concerned subjects : Sulphur dioxide यौगिक compounds and smog .
If only a few cells are affected the leaf becomes brownish red in colour or its original green colour .
This effect is called क्लोरोसिस .
In the same year he composed the same feeling in his famous song which is today the national anthem of India .
All विषाद and अवसाद sorrow and sorrow and suffering and sorrow and suffering and sorrow and suffering from pain and sorrow whether in the outer world or in the midst of which Tagore made his life a free and lasting bird throughout the decade 1909 .
Fifty - one of these 157 songs were later translated into English by him and published in the same name that made him famous all over the world .
These songs are so well - known that they need not be introduced or explained here .
The आवरण are obstacles in our union and are obstacles in their union ; they will drown our breath . "
The love of God and love of man in sorrow strength and humility in joy an innocent wonder that hides centuries of thought with one another and there is a message .
The first poem in this volume ( original Bengali edition ) sums up the poet ' s mood and never stops at his achievement .
Dr . हैं . looks at the problem in other aspects .
They say that the depletion of the ozone layer is due to direct space probes and not just because of the chlorofluorocarbons released by aerosol cans and the refrigeration industries .
He says that every time a rocket is fired into space ; it leaves up to 70 - 150 tonnes of छोडता .
In the 1980s about 500 rockets and space शटल were sent every year and this number reached 1500 before 1989 .
The thinning of the ozone layer may also take place in the atmosphere by the presence of oxides of nitrogen particularly nitric oxide which originates from the fast - moving aircraft and automobile fumes .
Extensive use of nitrates as fertilisers leads to high levels of oxides of nitrogen which later turn into nitric oxide .
The nitric oxide attacks the ozone ( आक्सीजन ) and converts it into oxygen .
It is reported that if the amount of क्लोरोफ्लोरोकार्बन is क्लोरोफ्लोरोकार्बन the temperature of the world will rise from 0. 5 to से which has already been described .
There are 66 thermal power stations in India that produce about three to four million tonnes of fly ash per annum or about one lakh tonnes per day .
With the potential increase in the number of thermal power stations and their capacity the tonnage of fly ash per day will reach about 3. 5 lakh tonnes .
Such large amounts of ash should not be wasted but can be found to be beneficial .
Research continues to be carried out for the preparation of सेलूलर cement सेलूलर bricks and cellular concrete.
Old engines and equipments release more .
They should either be made right or if possible replaced by new ones.
For every industry that is likely to pollute air pollution control equipment such as वायु वायु and filter should be done .
Thermal power stations and other industries that produce fly ash need to incorporate ताप में in their process .
Mere measures to control pollution are not enough .
में in the Bhopal gas accident known as the worst tragedy of this century died and thousands of people became disabled .
Many thousand people became blind .
Who is to blame this tragedy ?
How did such a tragic happening ?
The lethal methyl रिसकर . - LRB - रिसकर - RRB - which had sneaked from the storage tanks of Union Carbide ' s यूनियन manufacturing .
The leaking कर mingled with the ambient air and poisoned it .
The poisoned gas spread around the Union Carbide factory and शिकार its prey to human beings and animals .
Years have rolled over but the people of Bhopal still have a fear .
A report by the Indian Council of Research reveals that the sufferings of the people affected by this gas has still remained unchanged .
The pH is an index of hydrogen ion concentration in a liquid .
The pH of water becomes acidic if less than 7 and is above 7 .
The pH of acid rain water is 2 - 5 .
Thus water with pH 4 is more corrosive 10 times than water with pH 5 .
Water that has a pH of 3 is 100 times more corrosive than water .
If so any one can imagine the corrosive nature of acid rain with a pH ranging between 2 and 3 .
The lowest pH value recorded in the North - Eastern region of the United States was 2. 1 in November 1964 .
The lowest ever recorded in Europe ( 2. 4 ) is as high as the acid rain water was found in the कस्बे town in Scotland .
Still less pH of acid rain water was measured in 1983 at 1983 in western Virginia United States .
In India rainfall of 4 वर्षा H was recorded in Greater Mumbai in 1974 - 75 .
The problem of most of our cities is that the old power plants are still not high - powered and are constantly losing its sulphur content to nitrogen oxides are even more difficult to control and the problem of acid rain .
What has taken man decades to build and Nature millennia to evolve has been destroyed in a few years . "
The harmful effects of acid rain can retard the growth of crops and plants on earth damage का forests and cause respiratory problems for man.
In Germany ब्रिटेन Switzerland and Sweden about half of the natural forests have died or are dying and about 60 per cent of the trees are सड .
In agriculture these chemicals are used to protect plants against diseases and to treat seeds .
These pesticides developed during the past three decades only though useful for man have led to many environmental problems .
DDT has saved many lives by killing mosquitoes that spread malaria and other diseases but this is when DDT accumulates in the body of fish शरीर birds and other wild animals .
A variety of पीडक were used to increase agricultural production resulting in more resistant pests .
This necessitated the use of a large number of पीडकनाशी drugs which could be found almost all agricultural residues .
सब्जियों foods are found in vegetables milk के mother ' s milk मांस fish and meat .
Samples of food and water reveal a much larger proportion than the permissible limits permitted by the World Health Organisation .
Most of them are soluble in fats which are therefore constantly stored in the food chain .
Toxic metals : This range includes metals such as mercury cadmium कैडमियम lead chromium copper and arsenic etc . each will be widely discussed .
People have recently woken up to the dangers of mercury poisoning in the atmosphere .
Natural waters contain only a few parts of mercury in one billion .
Mercury enters the biosphere as a waste product when mercury is used in the production of chlorine .
Apart from the oil refineries plastic and battery manufacturing industries also contribute to mercury pollution .
The dangers to mercury influence were first discovered in the nineteenth century when there was a curious feature of the hat - makers and the अस्पष्ट of the हैट .
Due to high levels of mercury hat - makers were susceptible to impairment of the central nervous system .
In the early 1950s hundreds of people died of mercury poisoning in Japan .
In the small and beautiful city itself there was a disease called बीमारी which was devoured by men women and children .
The disease which initially affected people ' s nervous system initially increased to 400 .
I am sitting on the bank of the river for hours with melancholy खिन्नता for waiting for a boat that has not yet returned but appears to me as a खिन्नता in a dream half - moon and a star .
Finally on May 27 1912 Rabindranath sailed for London accompanied by his son रवीन्द्रनाथ and daughter - in - law .
In 1910 he had travelled to India and during his stay in Calcutta he knew the artists brothers कलाकार and गगनेन्द्रनाथ .
I asked him earlier if he could draw his क्रांति in fact he had an inner revolution with a noble and graceful personality - and I tried to assess them with pencil .
The supply of water to a city is from a distance मलजल but sewage is dumped in nearby शहर
The मलजल and आक्सीजन materials present in sewage cause depletion in the dissolved oxygen content .
Deficiency of oxygen leads to a strong breakdown .
The presence of large quantities of suspended matter causes serious problems because it gets deposited in the bed of river or behind कीचड as mud .
When Suspended matter is more organic in nature it begins to decay .
As a result the foul - smelling solid gas remains swimming on the surface and तैरने .
These pathogenic bacteria cause cholera typhoid fever and पेचिश diarrhoea .
London ' s history has an interesting example .
Sewage turned the river टेम्स into a mass of filth causing death in cholera outbreaks in 1849 and 1853 .
During this period typhoid fever was prevalent in many cities in America .
Pollution in water is not only a source of high nutrients in surface water .
Modern खेती used in agriculture and a variety of synthetic fertilisers and fertilizers have also contributed substantially to environmental degradation .
Because of the rains chemical fertilisers are often washed .
They eventually get into streams and rivers where they nourish the algae as effectively as they feed the crops of the farmer in the fields .
There are three major pollutants in this category viz . fertilisers and animal wastes.
The use of fertilisers has increased in recent years .
Fertilisers generally contain one or more of the plant nutrients such as nitrogen phosphorous and potassium .
से fertilisers are washed more than needed and they ultimately rise to water sources .
Of the fertilisers nitrates cause undesirable effects on rivers and lakes .
The सागर Sagar ( किन्नेरेट Lake in which the river नदी falls supplies one - third of the water .
From the agricultural areas around Jordan कृषि into the lake and यूट्रोफिकेशन .
The same applies to detergent phosphates which break down to phosphorus .
पादप is the process in which nutrients are promoted and the large quantities of plants are produced .
The process is sometimes referred to as ' algal bloom ' of algae .
These वनस्पतियां later produce foul - smelling stuff that results in demand for oxygen .
Fifty - 70 per cent of phosphorous flowing into the lakes and rivers of the USA each year comes from the breakdown of detergent phosphates .
Even the यूरोप Lake in Europe is beset with the same problem where the increase of 2500 per cent in the आक्सीजन since 1920 has been reduced to two - thirds .
The increase in the number of cow and buffalo has also been attributed to water pollution .
बाडों in sewage and poultry farms are भैंसों organic matter , bacteria and other micro - organisms that reproduce after many years .
The most accurate example is the alcohol factory .
Another major contributor is the wastes which are normally stored in the factory premises .
Though the wastes are stored in the premises of the industry they will heavily contaminate the adjoining wells.
In areas where tanneries and textile mills are located.
For example in Tamil Nadu there are scenes in हैं .
One who travels in that area can see the frothy colourful pools of effluents stagnating on either side of the road and emanating a foul odour.
These अपशिष्टों filled with effluents and discharge into small pools on cultivable land have lost about 1000 wells which were once a major source of irrigation and drinking water .
When he arrived there he remembered Rothenstein first that he knew that Rothenstein was interested in his poems and therefore entrusted him with the notebook in which he had translated his poems .
'That evening writes Rothenstein I read his poems .
It seemed to me that these were the poems of a different kind that were written by the great mystics .
What Yeats did to read these poems he wrote in the Introduction to the India Society of London ' s limited edition of Gitanjali : " I have been able to keep the manuscript of these poems with me some time .
रोथेन्स्टाइन 's appreciation of these poems encouraged Rothenstein and he called upon some of the important writers at his house at आवास in the evening of June 30 where he himself wrote his poems .
For the first time Tagore met C . . who later became his lifelong friend and colleagues .
Andrews who was associated with the S. missionary of Cambridge मिशनरी writes that memorable evening : " On that day I returned from कैम्ब्रिज .
I wanted to remain alone and sit still and concentrate on the sublimity of that feeling and mystery .
When I went to the Heath after को 's departure the sky was clear that night and the white sky was somewhat नीललोहित
After his publication in कविताओं ' s poems पाउंड Pound wrote : " It ' s more than a month when I was excited than what a great poet was .
It is really difficult to begin with what we have suddenly found a new Greece .
Just as it could be seen in the early days of the Renaissance in Europe as a balance so it seemed to me a sort of controlled स्तब्धता which could be felt in the midst of an acute मशीनीकरण of mechanisation .
And here it has a deeper पश्चिमी with the western concept where with the great dramatic preparation we must be shown that man is trying to conquer Nature .
It is contrary to the Greek man in which man has been regarded as the victim of the gods and the two are caught in the clutches of destiny and when I took leave of him I have no doubt that the stone was willing .
In short all that I would say was that these poems were enriched by a sort of simple sense and I feel like that in the end of another 40 things our western life was झंझावात by the clamour and clamour .
" If there is any errors in these poems - I do not think that there is any such thing and if they have any merit then this is not very conducive to the general reader ' for they are very pious .
And I have nothing but pity for the reader who is unable to see that their piety is the poetic piety of Dante and that it is really good . "
Tagore was not in London when Gitanjali was published .
Though during this visit his stay in England was not long enough it lasted more than four months but was much occupied and successful to thanks to the यात्रा .
Here were some of the important people he met - Bernard Shaw : Bernard Shaw . G . Wells . G . . Bertrand Russell रसेल Robert Bridges , John रसेल लोगों लोगों लोगों and लोगों .
He himself was greatly impressed by him and along with his new friends and with an extension of vision Tagore himself wrote : " Such people know not only English .
Rothenstein proposed to the India Society to publish a compilation of Tagore ' s poems for his members . Yeats agreed to write a role .
Thus ' अंग्रेजी ' s first English edition of 750 copies was published much earlier than the popular version published by मैकमिलन .
The noise of traffic का the horns का the wind the noise of the loudspeakers and the films and the religious songs and discourses make unnecessary noise in the cities .
There are three major sources of noise pollution .
Traffic .
Community activities ( entertainment recreation construction work etc .
The noise from industrial noise particularly mechanical का and mechanical का may be unbearable and may be a nuisance to the public .
Most noise is caused by traffic system .
The latest aspect of the noise from the sound is the noisy aircraft .
It causes great fear in man and animals and also damage the property .
According to रक्त ( 1970 ) noise reduces the amount of blood pumped from the heart .
It is important to mention here about the " alarming reaction in which the sound suddenly faster is affecting our nervous system and मनोप्रेरक efficiency .
Even our optical system is not spared.
Some of the harmful effects of noise are the spread of puppets - LRB - see at night - RRB - and lowering the rate of detection .
Noise also affects sleep and performance and may be more pronounced on people who complain and those who work .
For example the number of noise from a fan can be reduced by increasing or reducing the frequency of its motion without lowering the wind .
The time has come when we recognise the severity of the situation and act in such a way that life on this earth may become more productive .
It is true that man wants to live and for that he needs breathing able air and drinking water .
It should be clean blue skies नदियां clean rivers and lush green forests .
Environment is a gift of nature .
Protection of environment and maintenance of ecological balance is our prime duty .
We should keep the earth green so that we can live together in a free environment from pollution .
We must save the environment to protect ourselves .
Otherwise the day is not far when man himself becomes a संकटग्रस्त species .
As far as an असंबद्ध person is concerned he can only understand through the translation that there is no exaggeration.
And it is certain that after the death of Goethe in 1832 there is no poet in Europe to match him in noble humanity and natural प्रशांति . "
In fact the tropical lower land of Bengal and the जमीन of बंगाल have no special differences between the two regions except in the natural जमीन social and परिवेशगत .
The lasting effect of these poems was on the mind of the fifteen - year - old unknown Kishore who lived in a corner of Ireland who in course of time wrote the Nobel Prize.
What is it the most enviable Lord of Tagore : " A great friend रवीन्द्रनाथ a lotus आदमी an unknown man playing a lute in the boat beside the stream .
Nowadays पश्चिम in the West are our Lord our director of the Big World Firm Inc. or the primitive and शिशु of the baby ' s mind .
It is the one that we cry in the hour of imminent danger or at the time of our death .
For it is Tagore ' s spiritual sanction which will continue to remain constant and perhaps even in the years to come. "
From his long stay in the West Tagore ' s liberal sympathies which were already broad enough inspired his intellectual and spiritual insight and his understanding of the great achievement of the Western mind .
During this visit the six days of his stay at Santiniketan which laid a deep foundation for his friendship between Tagore and the two great men of modern India which distinguished him from their respective points of view .
But the friendship under the mask of these superficial आवरणों was so deep and मित्रता that they either knew or count them on them as ordinary friends and admirers - like Jawaharlal Nehru .
Both the so - called disciples or शिष्य शिष्य who were accustomed to their भाव on this cover were पर by a smile hidden behind it .
Because of his unique multi - faceted objective and practical work - style Gandhi looked around himself adding friendship to all and put his finger to the changing places and explains how he could achieve his ideals .
He pointed out that he should do everything without hiring a worker at the आश्रम and keep the ashram clean and tidy .
Small children always participated in adventures and both students and teachers . received a great welcome to Gandhi .
When Tagore was told of it he smiled and said that the experiment contained the key to Swaraj .
And so on March 10 1915 the experiment was started .
On the following day Gandhi left for Rangoon .
The experiment however did not last long.
Tagore was aware of the fact that what he did would be wrong in the eyes of some of his countrymen and he would never suffer from his contempt for their reformist behaviour and his orthodoxy would निंदा them .
He knew this and was hurt by public criticism .
He was unaware of the art of how men were bored and that is why they were unhappy that they could not win the hearts of those who had never been proud of their superstitions and were proud of God .
Tagore ' s pen may have been मंडित by the vanity of pride or popularity. He was very sensitive to unjust criticism because it was often unjust .
For the last few days I was suffering from deep depression and fatigue .
But I am now fully happy and wish that if my critics spared me I shall live another hundred years .
At that time I was physically concerned and therefore a part of what seemed to me as hurt was entirely absurd.
Still I am glad that there is still a child in me whose longing for the sweets of human acceptance .
I should not feel that I am far from my critics .
After his address to the Academy the Archbishop of उपसाला said " The Nobel Prize for Literature is for the person who combines both the artist and the prophet in him .
None of Tagore has fulfilled the same condition .
Because of his physical and mental pressure on his visit to Germany Tagore had a bad effect on his health and wanted to return to Santiniketan .
As the identity ripened Tagore ' s admiration limits were सीमाएं .
He wrote in 1930 : " I have had the opportunity of meeting him Tagore the greatest of them .
They are even greater than their fame in the world .
Tagore was deeply impressed not only by the warm and cordial reception of the common citizens but also by his philosophical and metaphysical questions .
From Germany Tagore went to Vienna to two lectures and then to Prague where his friendship with प्राग जर्मनी M . विन्टरनित्स and V . लेसनी later invited him as Visiting Professor at Visva - Bharati .
Prof. विद्वान was the first Bengali scholar who had translated Tagore ' s works from Bengali and wrote a biography of the poet Tagore which was subsequently translated and published in English .
As a result of these visits and friendships Tagore acquired a great affection for Czechoslovakia .
Though his visit was stimulating he remembered his home and returned to India in July 1921 after a gap of fourteen months .
If they returned to India they were seeking peace and solitude they were possibly confused .
In the beginning of the play the king prepares for a festival in honour of the राजा who lives in the honour of the राजा who is pleased with his success and whose results are not acceptable to the poor .
The Crown Prince . however professes open हमदर्दी with the subjects and rebels against their own callousness .
His character in drama largely brings psychological interest : his passion for justice and freedom is लडाई in a just struggle .
He succeeded
The social and political नाटकों of the play are lost without any interpretation as we find in some of Ibsen ' s later dramas .
Tagore has employed the character of an ascetic तपस्वी quite a little like Mahatma Gandhi in a drama written before it .
In that play like this drama he gives sermons on people to prevent undesirable pressures of the king .
For this he was prepared to undergo a सहने at home and the confidence of a world which later became a world - fashion. To this end he became a ताने and सहने
A greater sacrifice was to take the risk that he had taken to display his creativity and spiritual poise in the clamour of the market .
Would it be so sensitive to the dazzle of the desert which was kept under the defensive shade of comparative गुमनामी ?
The poet was losing to the prophet the singer to the preacher and the devotee to the missionary .
The endless meaning of the narrow span of a song was dissolving in the endless preaching over the wide span of the world .
He was so sensitive and sincere that he was now or at the same plight as a letter from Chicago to 26 February 1921 written as an admission of an offence .
" When I came to this world I had nothing but a reed and it was only useful for playing music .
I left my school and ignored my job but I managed to keep my reed and played it like a बजाता .
her music
He was a man of personal comfort and a generally fearless opponent to war and was quick to overcome many progressive minds by preaching hostile criticisms and पूजा of national rivalries and secular progress .
Tagore stayed in Japan for six weeks and gave many speeches and then returned to India in the latter half of July .
His visit to China and Japan was the first attempt in the history of Asia which led to the establishment of a Asiatic Association in Shanghai in September the same year .
Commenting on this incident the Christian Science Monitor of Boston wrote : " The Asian countries have moved towards important movements for establishing an Asiatic friendship based on the common tradition in which they have nurtured .
These new ideas are seen to be founded on the establishment of the premier centres of the Asiatic Association the first one of which is located in Shanghai to प्रेरणा Tagore ' s teachings to drive this movement .
It is a strange fact in the freedom of India that the subsequent meeting which Tagore had on his own land was not even named after him .
The memory of politicians is very weak .
Hardly two months of staying at home when another corner of the world came .
This occasion was an invitation from the Republic of Peru to attend the centenary of her attainment of freedom .
होकर he lovingly lovingly turned the , .
You bring my flower and give me your अश्रुसिक्त fruit .
I looked at her and found that she was ruthless in her beauty .
He picked up the burden of my fruits and clapped and laughed.
All her flowers I held in the heart .
The sun had reached the mid - sky and it was hot .
Sixteen years later his memory was fresh even before the poet ' s death when he waited for the old वृद्ध जर्जर and his end in his last poems ( the rest ) .
जगहों wanted me to find my way again to foreign places where love was waiting for me .
The dreams of yesterday will flutter up and slowly creep in their new nest.
Such a brilliant brother who continued to be his friend and consultant during his Emergency . by his death went deep .
He had been so disgusted that death was no longer a मौत to him .
Tagore always took him in his room full of respect , amity and और with fresh flowers and leaves and asked Why have I come to the bride ' s room ?
The voyage was both successful and failed in its object .
If he thought he would convince Tagore that the चरखा was an essential means of improving the economic condition of the villages and must have been frustrated .
On the other hand there were differences between each such meeting and ideas though between the two had a relationship between them and their आत्माएं and their habits which always seemed to lead to a conflict between them .
Tagore wrote a personal letter assuring him that if you have hit me as true it will mean a personal bond founded between us .
The deep roots of the Indian society showed that whether Hindu or Muslim women should not come to the stage .
During the staging of this play in Calcutta in January 1927 Tagore made a bold assault on this prejudice by recruiting all the characters from the students of the University and women of the aristocratic families whom he himself trained and पूर्वाभ्यास .
Some of them were pleased with Mussolini ' s request and with a desire to see his colourful personality and his influence on the ancient and lively culture Tagore accepted an invitation from Italy on 15 May 1926 .
As he himself said " I have come from outside to learn or read and not criticise .
I am glad to see a man whose movement will always be remembered in history . "
However there is little doubt that Fascism will be remembered in history .
At the same time the बांटते was a great man and Tagore shared with the intellectual and mature politicians of the time .
On his arrival in मुसोलिनी he was received by the chief officials of the city with a welcome message from Mussolini .
On 7 June the Governor of Rome held the capital city ' s best wishes .
His tour of Germany once again was very busy and wherever he went he received great respect and was received by President रवीन्द्रनाथ with his visit .
In his garden of सैनिटोरियम he planted a पौधा tree which still stands for the sweet memory of his journey .
But he could not stay there for long as he had to go forward .
The welcome ceremony in the भीड एथेन्स सोफिया and the Greek government decorated by the Greek government in Greek City after lecture .
In Tagore ' s respect the proceedings of the Turkish Parliament were frozen and Raja राजा gave him a collection of Arabic books for Visva - Bharati .
One would imagine that during this long and hectic tour of which he had once fallen ill the poet would have been content with the seclusion and peace of Santiniketan for which he wanted .
Peace and glory are rarely found together and when they meet they soon give up to each other .
In Java among others the late President met सुकर्णों who was then a young revolutionary young man .
He was deeply impressed by the dance drama of Java and Bali and was deeply impressed by the artistic traditions of India and had a strong feeling of love between the two countries which had once been converted and fostered in their handicrafts .
After a brief visit to Thailand where he delivered a lecture on Education at Bangkok University he returned to India to attend the annual celebrations at Santiniketan.
Once again Tagore had been prepared to accept an invitation from Oxford University to deliver a हिब्बर्ट Lectures but the voyage had to be cancelled as he fell ill on arrival in Madras .
As the guest of Annie Besant for a week he stayed at Adyar in अडयार for a few days in the beautiful environs of बेसेंट for Ceylon thinking that he would take a boat from there and from there .
On the way he landed at Pondicherry to meet Sri Aurobindo Ghosh whom he had met during his revolutionary political activity .
Today I saw him seated in a poise of calm wisdom and repeated in silence Aurobindo would bow to Rabindranath . "
He stayed in Colombo for ten days but when his health was not improved he gave up all the hopes of going to England and returned to his home and became the guest of his friend सर मैसूर मैसूर who was then his friend .
Then it hurt .
I shivered and asked What more?
Are still final thunderbolt ?
I asked him Is that the final ?
And nothing ?
My fear was broken .
When your thunderbolt seemed to fall upon me you seemed to be bigger than me when you came down to strike me you shrunk to my level and I remained like that .
You may be great but death is not bigger .
Now I am the only one who is greater than death .
And call it my final statement . "
However painful or दुख Tagore had his whole share of all this and his fear of death seemed to him to be worse than disease .
दुख and defeat are part of life and it is worthwhile to imbibe them from human dignity .
से of कुत्ते or कुत्ते like a beaten dog was repugnant to his nature and many poets have expressed their wrath and asked for solace .
They never became emotional but for others they never deserve pity or compassion .
Love for life was his strongest feeling .
It was the determination to keep the joy and experience of living alive to them a gift of God to whom they were always grateful .
Night had passed and the petals of the world -
It has seen many धूल in the dust the invisible धूल the music of the word धूल has always rankled in its duration .
तो back as he sees his past his beloved Muse in various forms shows him repeatedly calling him पीछे who showed direction from the joys and sorrows of his life .
Are they still to be offered ?
There are a few poems which are reminiscences and some of which contain some deep and serious poems : 1932 and a कविता poem a question of which has been described as the दुख and the दुख with which many other poems have been translated .
On seeing the title he seems to have imagined that this is the last limit to his creative life .
But this was the end of his personality ' s departure.
It was a majestic phase which could be called both the beginning and end .
Another aspect was about to begin with the gift of which he had met when he saw his Muse the smiling lady half - veiled smiling and मुस्कराते in his hand .
It seemed that the older poets had gone back into their youth and were again excited to discover new lines and began to discover the ingredients of music in prose the simple way .
No matter how difficult the soil may be the जमीन जमीन जमीन पार they are trying to drive their poetic Devi across them to the most beautiful pastures .
He gave evidence in four outstanding works : 1932 ( 1932 ) 1932 ( 1932 ) 1932 ( 1936 ) and 1936 ( 1936 ) .
The urge to preach and उपदेश the world also became calm .
He had also written once that a professional व्यावसायिक propagated a particular type of ideology which his client at any time would ask questions .
His answers which he अभ्यासवश gradually lose their living power and he fears his own faith in the प्राणहीन of words .
I feel that such accidents often take place के of people especially those who are good enough to sign cheques and have nothing to do with them .
Therefore I think that being only a poet is supreme because the poet is sincere to his best moments or experience and is sincere not to the needs of others .
Such golden moments were waiting for him to gather and it was a privilege for him and his readers that he had to live in his own country and now depended on the natural environs of his country .
You have been my sincere friend because you have been मित्र to your mind .
If you approve of this effort from the heart I wish you your blessing.
It will give me strength . "
But before she could deliver the letter she received a telegram from the poet : " It is appropriate to sacrifice her precious life to keep the unity and social unity of India .
We shall follow your sublime penance with our heart with reverence and love . "
But the poet could not keep away from him he left for Pune on the 24th September in जेल Jail .
In the meanwhile the British Government had accepted the main demand and adopted the path of reconciliation which the Mahatma had broken down on 26 September when he was in jail .
The fast started in the name of God and is being terminated before him .
This was the basic song of the song - and Gitanjali - where the entire Madhuri was lost .
At the request of the Calcutta University Tagore acquired a huge burden on the back of the Bengali department and as such gave him several lectures in the lecture series .
At the same time he set up a programme of technical and scientific dictionary - making in Bengali under his own supervision and made him very enthusiastic about fifty years ago .
He also wrote two new dramas - a beautiful joke - one based on his own story of प्रहसन .
This simple popular story in which the Buddha ' s narration describes how to liberate his disciple from the Maya के of a कन्या - girl has transformed it into a psychological theme with a spiritual significance .
It was no longer the story of a proud woman being a sadhu of नारी but a sensitive and self - respecting girl who had been reduced to a position of self - indulgence and had suddenly recovered from her birth .
Both these plays were staged in Calcutta in September .
Soon thereafter he delivered a lecture at the Calcutta University on top of the verse and thereafter went to Bombay with some students and artists at Santiniketan and took part in the Tagore week led by Sarojini Naidu .
The lectures delivered at the Andhra University were later published as Man.
From there he went to Hyderabad where he was greeted by the Nizam who paid a large sum to start an Islamic Education Department at Visva - Bharati and then returned to Calcutta at the end of December .
Her place was with her husband who saw her younger and healthy young woman working in the garden and she grew wild with jealousy.
He does not try to hide his doubts and दुर्भाग्य it brings him to grief and shame .
He was generous when he was happy but now he becomes unjust and unjust .
Deprived of her body and the pangs of her mind 's love of her mind seemed to grip in such a way that our capacity of love and forgiveness would weaken and पंगु
से is a witty play sparkling with brilliant dialogue .
It is a authentic portrayal of the valued family of Calcutta about its आचार behavior and snobbery .
The author never staged the play मंचन though the scheme of its performance was once planned - he was probably doubtful about the result .
The characters depicted in it were not familiar with them but were mostly ignored .
His love of love gradually became intellectual but weak in his conception .
Not only his body but also his heart also seemed to be absorbed in his mind .
He welcomed Jawaharlal Nehru and his wife Kamala after fifteen days of his return to Santiniketan early January 1934 .
He was often admired by the poet . Jawaharlal Nehru for his daring attitude of patriotism intellectual integrity and his sense of international sympathies where a public reception was held where he and his wife were given .
Meanwhile on 15 January north India was rocked by an earthquake of great severity causing great damage to life and property in many districts of Bihar .
Gandhiji was then touring south India and at that time said at the conference that this calamity was a curse of God because of the sin of untouchability .
One cannot think that this earthquake is without the sin of untouchability.
I am confident that there is a योग Yoga formula between this earthquake and the untouchability campaign in Bihar .
He was amazed to see this attempt by ordinary people in the minds of priests at a public meeting saying 'It is a sad thing that the Mahatma had chosen to suffer from some of the सामाऋक of the community .
The university which seemed to him to be his favourite विश्वविद्यालय now remained a part of a huge outlay and the last years of his life were great .
On the other hand the University of Santiniketan was beset with concern and insult and there was no chance of getting more than that because the rich people in this country had left the University alone to collect money .
To do so he had to train troupes of actors and dancers who could stage his dramas and dance in other cities and raise the meaning .
This was not the only reason .
The artist within him was determined to see his structure on the stage .
Not like his other works but only his songs can be enjoyed .
Thus the whole country was fascinated by the unusual performance of troupes of artists musicians dancers dancers led by the common visionary poet .
His two novels are उनके and 1934 ( published in both 1934 ) 1934 ( 1933 ) and two poetry books ( 1933 ) 1933 ( 1932 ) and 1932 ( 1936 ) .
There were four of the remaining five pieces of prose which he had once presented in an experimental form but he was now certain that he had begun to take .
He started it with 1932 which was published soon after 1932 .
It covers a wide range of subjects and the varying moods and three other volumes written later in prose some of them some of them some of them some serious or spiritual and some दुख some sad आध्यात्मिक some lyrical passages .
Some of the first men are written in singular though it is not necessary that anything in the first person singular may be recorded .
Once he had to face a learned Pandit from the South .
He found that his पगडी whom he wanted to wear and go to the contest was soiled and he went to के रंगरेजन .
लडकी told her little daughter अमीना she washed it with a canal nearby .
After cleaning it घास found a line of poetry writing on the grass when it was laid to dry it .
The peacock the peacock the peacock the peacock सुशोभित on my head gave me a colourful thread from its hut and touched it on the other line of poetry .
When the Pandit came to fetch his पगडी he looked at the dyer ' s daughter .
Then he said ' , ' के ' you ' transformed the arrogance of my intellect into wisdom .
How shall I go to the court now ?
Where else is my place ?
Even after writing a कागज Tagore felt that he had yet to say a lot more about him and that he had to put his feelings on paper .
His first poem is full of regrets for he could not properly recognise it ( which was with his wife Mrinalini ?
He did not care for his love and devotion and he naturally understood it .
According to his birthday ) बंग्ला बंग्ला Bengali calender he observed in his long career as he had observed how often he was born during this period and how many times he saw the dust and the dust of the dead .
All around are the shifting sands of भंगुरता and between them I feel the peace of the Infinite in the heart of my heart . "
He was very much remembered by his childhood friend who had given him so much excitement and suddenly he realised that his presence was touching him with his breath . "
He said Are I not here ?
Could you not see me ?
Our school was running भाग and the books of mathematics and grammar faster than it .
The maps were दीवार on the wall as if the birds were पंख their wings .
The bells were बज without a break - up without any warning .
If he wants to go to Delhi लाहौर Lahore or Agra we have to put on his head a पगडी and shoes .
And if he wants to run England all these people will become अंग्रेज coated and अंग्रेज .
His three serious poems were followed by पद्य ( 1940 ) .
These poems did not contain the sombre विषादपूर्ण of धरती for the memory of the प्रदेश or horror and beauty of the frontier areas had stopped and the poet was once again back to the soft arms of the earth .
Many of his characters in his dramas and novels have left only letters or are his own specimens far more convincing and vivid and colourful than those of his stories .
He wrote in one of his letters : If I do nothing but write short stories it will give me pleasure to a few readers .
The main reason for this delight is that my characters become my companions and they are with me when I close myself in the rainy days and they are often running along the banks of the के river .
From this morning a लडकी and a little girl full of imagination मारे in my imagination . "
In Bengali literature the bride बंग्ला is one of the most lovable specimens of Indian womanhood.
यौवन for the futile youth and the injured ideal is the agony of the buds that have वेदना and are विंडबना eloquent that अवमानना the dignity of man and the अवमानना of social and religious rites and which forms the death .
Some of these are , पतियों and pose कमर against the arrangement that have विकृत their lives miserable and विकृत their minds ; some are the पतियों and the more they give to their husbands a lot more .
One of his most romantic heroines is a Muslim princess who has sacrificed everything to love the Hindu general .
He remained silent but eventually won his friendship .
He gave a gold ring on which some sweet messages were inscribed .
While bathing in the Ganges he slipped from his finger and lost .
The lock is no longer there and the key did not fit into it . "
He is reminded of his grandmother ' s short poem ; she sits in a palanquin : ? a garland of pearls in her neck and a golden पांवों in her feet since then she is searching for the bride who had already reached the stars .
The next volume of poems was the कविताओं ( नवजात ) which shows the characteristic mood of the poet : , and the world around it must be vitally connected with it .
While introducing these poems he wrote that his poetry varied from time to time and sometimes depending on the weather .
These poems were a dialogue with the new generation around him .
It is important to point out that these productions were not written at different stages but were of a path and a similar mood or duration .
Many poems published in different volumes were actually written together .
For example the first poem of की in which he welcomed the new generation was written in August 1938 but published in 1940 .
His transition from mood to mood even from mood to mood was swift and sometimes occurred many times in one day .
The poems in these separate कविताएं were later published in different कविताएं and हुइ .
The poems of कविताएं are comparatively less subjective than others which exhibit his curiosity in the world around .
The themes and metaphors used in these poems make them वस्तुगत - Radio the radio the railway station the हवाई the aeroplane Hindustan Rajasthan. etc .
The poem quoted earlier mocking the Japanese military सैनिक Buddha ' s prayer - was one of the same collections and was written in January 1938 .
The climate of menace and aggression in Europe and the Far East and the misuse of such an aeroplane as an engine of destruction had biased him against the invention of man .
In his poem entitled Bird - Man he laments that this evil emissary of aggression should have invaded the spot which God had reserved for birds .
He was a close and intimate friend of the poet and his death was a deep personal bereavement to the poet .
He said at his शांतिनिकेतन memorial at Santiniketan : " I have not seen such a elevation of Christian faith in any man before that he had said that he would never be able to feed the British .
There was a time when Andrews was very close to him - one of his principal co - workers mentor and friends Tagore did not write much about him in English as he did in the hope of a friend .
How an Indian admirer of Charles शिष्य Andrews ( C . A . A . C . शांतिनिकेतन ) among his many places were expected to appear in India as a trusted disciple of Jesus in his name .
That is why active contacts between the two had gradually diminished though the old bond had survived.
Tagore may have been rich in his creative भावाभिव्यक्तियों and ever उल्लसित but he was very few in his personal contacts and at a time when his heart seemed to be असंबद्ध .
And so he made a deep impression on his going away from his old and trusted friend and wrote . to himself except for an occasion when he paid his homage to his memory at the conference .
After a few days when he was at Mungpoo he narrated to his host that Andrews whenever he visited Santiniketan and how every morning he would come and tie his throat .
His birthday was marked by simplicity and serenity at a small hill resort which was hardly possible in a big city like Kalimpong .
At Mungpoo no socially or literary celebrities were to crowd round him - the sad solemnity of his last birthday on this earth .
They sat on the ground singing an incense and chanted an invocation to the Buddha .
The poet was greatly impressed and expressed this feeling in a poem he wrote the following day .
Listening to that source मानव who was addressing the paramount man whose birth was purified and human life received the blessings of her life in the midst of this world . "
They brought flowers to the poet and the whole flower .
These poor and illiterate people who had never read anything about him had this simple gift of love touched the poet ' s heart very deep .
The title of this story is : दुराशा i . e . . Hope व्यंग्य is best illustrated .
More exciting than this is the story in which a Mughal मुगल seeks to avenge the murder of her father and is trying to make her living in the सीना of Arakan who is now living in the सीना .
There are some of these stories which tell the story of man ' s gold and love of a man or a son in order to fulfil his ambition in a story which has no merit whatsoever .
One of these stories is the story of the skeleton of the child Rabi for lessons of early science .
Some of the stories reflect the political helplessness of the people and the callous cynicism of the alien ruler as is mentioned in such stories are the stories of that matchless राजनैतिक .
Another interesting story or satirical one is the story - teller or the देश country which has been translated into drama after much later in the same story as the prince of Indian folklore .
The other one is . while the queen has a red betel - nut one with a पंजा and all other पंजा .
They sit up and love each other according to strict rules and do not want to understand them properly but all these rules follow .
We laugh at these five or six के leaves without realising that the reality is that we are laughing at our own contradictions .
Yet another of his work which was published in the same year was his simple narrative lively and unique work which was quite different from the three stories .
Tagore had imbibed his ideas at different levels and expressed them almost simultaneously at the creative level ; he could control these qualities of composition and come from one another .
Perhaps because he had not been able to reconcile himself with his own will he had his natural feelings and he was not with them at that moment .
The old and abandoned palanquin was lying in a room in her parental house and was under her grandmother ' s mother.
There seemed to have been some mysterious sympathy and friendship between this abandoned palanquin and the neglected child .
Within the closed पालकी of the पालकी the child could shed his imagination without any conscious eye .
Sometimes my palanquin becomes a peacock - boat and passes through the sea without any mark on the bank .
The oars gradually touch the water with the waves of the sea .
The sailors cry out to us : " . beware .
The मांझी holds in his hand Abdul मांझी stands लेकर his pointed beard curved बाल and small hair on his head . I know that he brings से fish and अंडे eggs from the Padma .
A special place for the Oxford University on 7 August.
On 3 September he attended the Festival of Rain at Santiniketan for the last time in his life .
On September 19 he again went to Mungpoo कलिम्पोंग to take care of the natural environs of हेमंत in the hills of the East Himalaya .
And in the last week he took a lot of relief sitting on his chair in a chair in the autumn with its heavenly colours in the sky and the blue hills he saw the sky . "
It ' s past midnight .
The poem was written on 25 September .
Once again I heard the rush of death from the दूत of the मृत्यु .
And like most of the past troubles there was no adequate medical aid this time and the other was much farther than Calcutta .
He himself had once remarked how he had been transferred to a family of his old ancestral home in Calcutta and that was not quite afraid that the room had been used for a long time and had suddenly enough to have a finger .
He had to undergo painful experiences such as the scorpion bite .
The pain was lost at the same moment and the cessation of such strange experiences and mental agony ; but sometimes she felt physical pain and separation from her body .
But in the beginning of February when his old energy returned with the spring of Spring his life was again restored to life .
When he was overwhelmed by this feeling he dictated a memorable poem on February 13 which was an assessment of his heart and how he left his mind open to know the history of his people .
The poem in which the old poet had earlier referred to the fall of empires and this life of hard - working people does not show that the old poet had lost his faith in the face of death .
Also wrote a few stories and tales about which the story was narrated by grandfather - like a story full of interesting imagination and a feeling of humour and not of which he was writing .
The following poems were compiled in 1941 under the titles हुईं and हुईं .
It is this great news that there is a need for rapid change in the world .
He thinks that his grandfather was making fun of him : " Your big news is too small .
This book was published in April 1941 as in poems of parables and stories .
There is a Bengali New Year in the middle of this month which is still celebrated in Santiniketan with the birthday of the poet ( in reality ) as soon as it falls on the seventh week after May 7 ) .
On 14 April 1941 the poet delivered a speech in the final public meeting which was published under the title गया .
As soon as I see around me I find that the ruin of a सभ्यता civilisation is फैले .
Yet I would not commit any grievous sin to lose faith in man .
Rather I await a new chapter in its history when the storm will be exhausted and the atmosphere will be तूफान by service and sacrifice . "
What a good or bad man ' s destiny could he tell his faith in God ? It was deeply ingrained in a new song that was first sung on the same occasion .
A few days ago his grandson ठाकुर Tagore a grandson of his भाऋ
The proposal was like a seed which had sprouted and improved rapidly on the earth the great spirit उतर on the earth .
His own physical anguish and pain of the body did not allow him to sit patiently throughout the time and avoid pain .
His miserable country was transformed into a vast prison - house by passing through a period of strange embarrassment while the जेल leaders were जेल in prison and the pangs of hunger .
Day and day their troubles increased and the fever rose every night and the nights were restless.
From Calcutta came the team of big doctors and surgical practitioners to watch them .
The decision upset the patient as he had little faith in the medical treatment and he shivered at the thought of possible atrocities on his body in the name of scientific surgery .
Even Gandhi had to be a king for surgery .
Why should I not die in peace ?
The moment I feel that time draws near me .
But those who were around him were also anxious to save him for a very valuable life could not be lost .
That is why he gave up his will and his inclination .
What better could he do for him than to breathe his last at Santiniketan surrounded by the loved young men and women who were their own and loved very much .
The trees which he considered to be more dear to him are so sad that he will ever see these trees ?
On 25 July he was taken to Calcutta .
This was perhaps the law ' and proper for they had to spend even the early days of their life .
Two days later he dictated a poem which was like a mantra from the Rig Veda in its brevity concentrated concentration and strength . It is here that the sun of the first day asked .
उ
Tagore ' s words are full of truth that are beyond belief or doubt or are both a mix of suspicion and belief .
The poet says that he knows nothing about the ultimate mystery of life and the universe .
What is inside this body and outside this body ? he is not aware of this fact .
But he was not a materialist or a materialist as these words are often interpreted .
He believed that life was superior to death and superior to man ' s spirit for living things and world - - - things could be connected with each other and disciplined by a universal law whose principles could not be understood .
Ordinarily a man who is a man of faith is sincere and sincere because he is tested in the fire of pain .
They did not live on the artificial props of borrowed beliefs but were based on misery and experience .
The first poem was called कलक कलक
But at this stage they did not have the opportunity to do so .
Before he could recover from the subsequent horrors his condition deteriorated and his consciousness gradually became more and more entrenched .
On the morning of 7 August . at ten minutes past midday he breathed his last in the same old मकान house where he had opened his eyes eighty years and three months ago .
It was the full - moon day of the month of Sravana the month of rains how many times it was celebrated in his poems and songs .
A few days earlier Tagore had composed a song and expressed his wish that it should be sung at his death and this is still sung at his बेला .
These stupas and चैत्य give a clear view of their regional features which are not found in their contemporary northern and के provinces .
From the sixth and seventh centuries AD the Hindus and Jains of the south adopted the stone medium and cut down the rock - cut cave - temples and built temples where the same rock was cut into temples .
These developments were probably made possible for the अछूता of India from external aggression and the उत्पीडन created by it the rest of the local states continued to flourish and thrive .
The ancient Hindu and Jain temples also formed by royal राजाओं and the राजकीय Pallava and Pandya rajas and many other small rulers established this tradition .
That is why he also contributed to this tradition of temple - building which has become a chain of temples each in the south . town and small temples in the city .
As the Hindu temples grew up and the Jain ones began to मंदिरो the Buddha religion became almost extinct .
For example the Buddha was adopted as the ninth avatar of Vishnu instead of Krishna in the Hindu pantheon of Vishnu .
At the same time their beginnings could be made possible to study the development of different regional styles in times of time and the विभिन्नताओं and variations in the southern and southern temples and at the same time the fact that these two great styles had influenced each other .
It is in the following pages that an attempt has been made to trace the temples of the south .
Also the simplest technical words of architecture and art are used in European terminology in terms of the explanation of the Indian temples . This book does not make much use of Sanskrit words which are of great value .
The वस्तुओं temple the tradition of worship of objects and most human phenomena has been a tradition of worship at a certain place and in a definite manner prevalent in human society since time .
Their beginnings are still available in the literary evidences साहित्यिक traditions and physical wastes .
How was the well - organised tradition in the ancient प्रायद्वीप of केरल and how life was regular ? its image comes to us from a considerable distance in the ancient Tamil literature of the Indian peninsula including the Tamil region .
The literary material that we have of this period provides a variety of traditions which are still prevalent .
These monuments mostly show the अंत्येष्टि or समाधि places and are found far south of the Vindhya Range .
All such temples which are devoid of roof and open air fall under the category of hypaethral temples .
There are three trees in this scene the two of which are represented by the four walls .
Of these the principal trees on the right and the वेदिका are shown round it and worshipped by two devotees one with folded hands and the other holding the child to the tree .
Below this stone - board painting it is written that it is the प्रस्तर chaitya of वैशाली .
Perhaps it is designed to show the antiquity of the सम्राट tree because the rock - cut and inscriptions are not of the time of Emperor Asoka .
According to Buddha Ghosh there were several branches in this garden and people came to worship him with the intention of gaining their children .
It gives an easy interpretation of the above - mentioned delineation that one of the two persons listed in it is praying for the child to receive the child and the child is manifest to the child .
In short the structure of the विमानों and the building of a verandah around it could be regarded as the first form of विमानों temples or vimanas mostly of the two - storeyed pillars and the cult of worship .
Such excavations in the Tamil inscriptions have been described as है ( शिलालेखों ) and references to temple architecture in the Silpa and Agama literature .
The only difference is that the earlier examples are those of hypaethral temples or temples with the roof - tops or vimanas .
In spite of the organised worship of Hindu cults and creeds the cult of वृक्ष in South India particularly Tamil Nadu has traditionally been a tradition of worship .
On top of the egg was a square के with a बीच or a number of अंडे .
In the beginning they were plastered over with a plaster - like लेप and a large अंड garland on the top of the egg was made out of it and these limestone rocks were found in abundance .
His field has been cut off and he is picking up his boat with the नाव .
The boat is going on in its direction and there is no one who knows where to go and the poet is left on the same bank .
There was a time when there was a great storm in the literary field about what was meant by this poem ?
What is this golden boat and what is it ?
The poet himself pointed out that this boat was not only a symbol of life but a golden harvest of our achievements and goes back to the flow of time .
This is the revelation once again in the final poem of the compilation ? but this time the poet is taken to hold it .
Its lost संगिनी her संगिनी her dream - lover her प्रेयसी her पथ her ; are her नाव her half - familiar and half - unknown .
Will hope eventually lead to our hope ?
You looked at me and smiled and said nothing .
The Hindu Vedic religion reached the Tamil country which included a very large area in Kerala ; it also absorbed the local schools of beliefs and rituals and forms of gods and goddesses .
During this period Shiva देवताओं Vishnu को Durga को कार्तिकेय को को Surya etc.
This synthesis was possible by the exchange of about five centuries - eighth to the thirteenth century A. D. in which the south showed a great deal to the culture of the whole country for example the worship of Advaita की as the deity .
It is because of this that regional literature has grown from time to time : it does not provide much information about the then regional language and beliefs .
But the evidences from the excavations give us a vivid glimpse of the religious beliefs of the period as in the northern India .
They also show that the temples of different religions and creeds had almost the same plan and structure .
These structures are then known to have been built in almost all parts of India till the end of the tenth century ; the earliest caves excavated by Asoka and his grandson Dasaratha were cut out into the स्थानीय and नागार्जुनी .
The most important examples of this group are those of Sudama ( लोमश ) and लोमश Rishi caves .
These two caves exactly reproduce the गुफाएं of the देव Deva Sabha .
There were chaitya halls which were really objects of worship - the stupa which was considered to be the image of the Buddha and worshipped by a number of shrine - centres opening into the larger hall .
Many such examples are found near Poona and Nasik and Ajanta and औरंगावाद .
The basic reason for this was that the rocks here were not very severe and had a much more suitable structure for such structures .
Of these the गुफाएं cave at पूना and the लोमश cave at पूना near Poona and the cave at लोमश in Andhra bear a fair resemblance to the Sudama and लोमश Rishi caves .
One of his most beautiful poems in this work is प्रति to नारी a legendary woman of Hindu mythology who तपच्युत saints and चुरा the hearts of all men .
Rabindranath ' s paintings are like this: with the समुद्र of the ocean after the churning of the ocean it is a beautiful and beautiful one - fifth in his right hands .
नारी is an eternal woman that man has always aspired but he has never been able to find her for she is neither a daughter nor a bride .
After the period is over its merit क्षय and the soul is ready to return to the earth and compares with the woven web of joys and sorrows of the earth .
This poem is a saga of the conquest of this little earth and its simple human relationships and concerns .
में in his own music and wisdom but से by the plight of his countrymen the poet returns to me and expresses me in a poem called कर कर मोरे .
If Mahatma Gandhi was a poet he would have written such poetry .
They describe their people who are hungry on their own ground naked बेघर bereft of human rights and bereft of even the will to protest.
The linga - pitha is generally square but is octagonal in the eastern cave - temple at मलैयाक्कोविल .
The Siva temple of the गुफा cave - temple has a Somaskanda panel on the rear wall as in the Pallava cave - temples of the seventh century and later structural temples .
In the cave - temples at जिला and जिला ( जिला ) the cave - temples at जिला are seated only with Siva and Parvati ( Uma ) .
For example such idols are indications of मूर्तियां and जिला ( जिला ) and वैवाहिक ( जिला ) on the northern wall of the cave - temple . cut out on the northern wall of the cave - temple the वैवाहिक of वैवाहिक Siva Parvati and Meenakshi .
The rock - cut cave - temple at Tiruchirapalli or the पांड्य has two lateral shrine - cells while Siva and Vishnu dedicated to the rear wall of the mandapa with five niches containing the भित्तिस्तंभों the central niches the भित्तिस्तंभों and the गुफा in others .
The larger cave - temple at दुर्गा has six of the six देवता five gods since the two main lateral shrine - cells are dedicated to Siva and Vishnu whilst the third is cut into the intervening recesses of the hind wall and the अंतरालों .
The Western Gangas of मैसूर in southern Mysore following the Chalukya - Rashtrakuta idiom have left two unfinished cave - temples in the hard rock at मेह near Mysore .
In addition to the incorporation of the above Chalukyan traits the , in these southern cave - temples have mainly rendered a number of Pallava Mahendra - style and hard rock forms which are found in the Pallava . and structural examples .
The most important of these are Durga बलि her own head for sacrifice with a devotee with Durga , a common Pallava form निकट near the Vishnu cave - temple at तिरूत्तांगल and निकट - सालुवनकुप्पम which is somewhat like the गुफा and the गुफा
में and Gajalakshmi are found in cave - temples at गजलक्ष्मी and also in the cave - temple at भू .
Similarly the other अनुकृतियां अनुकृतियां , Harihara . Subrahmanya हरिहर Vishnu with विष्णु . Vishnu with शिव के के and the tandava forms of Siva .
However गुफा the Kerala cave - temple of some अनिश्चित some of the important चालुक्य in the southern cave - architecture for which the चालुक्य and गुफा cave - temples of the adjoining region have a combination of their basic rock materials and excavations .
The unfinished rock - excavation shows the familiar Pallava technique of rock - cut as Mahabalipuram - LRB - महाबलीपुरम - RRB - followed by a cave with a characteristic feature of the महाबलीपुरम मुत्तैयार धनुष and at other places with the पार्वती on both sides of the Siva .
These carved पडोसी are more akin to the Pallava than to the neighbouring Pandya forms .
In लिंग there is a plain उत्खनन short - cut excavations devoid of the facade or front mandapa with a large मुद्रा on the southern wall with the consecration of a saint and low - lying on the back of the west .
These cells are in the typical cave - temple तिरूनन्दिककारा and मंडप with the front mandapa .
Sometimes the नंदी is also a Nandi - mandapa in front as in the एलोरा cave ( Kailasa complex at Ellora ) .
The fourth class is exemplified by the structures where the principal shrine has no circumambulatory passage that is में ; the ardha - mandapa has sculpture panels on its side walls and the large maha - mandapa is pillared with the lateral shrines .
The Saptamatrika shrine or niche is cut independently outside the main cave - temple usually on the left flank while the front has a Nandi - mandapa as at Ellora Cave 22 .
The sandhara system in the fifth square develops into the गर्भगृह - गर्भगृह cella with a door - opening opening in all four directions and a series of two or three mandapas and highly developed in addition to the other forms of Ganesa and अग्रमंडप .
There are examples in the last class which are से in front of नारी southern forms with नारी semi and mukha - mandapa with no वेदी type for the latter and as in other cases there are generally female forms of दंड .
Thus the distinctions found in the Chalukyan cave - temples are peculiar प्रभेद - प्रभेद - प्रभेद in the nirandhara type of the shrine - cells in Badami with a sandhara type of shrine - cells at Ellora and रामेश्वरम in Ellora and so on .
The sandhara and संधार types are the best .
In the बाह्म type एलोरा as seen in the prominent cave at एलोरा at Ellora and in the जोगेश्वरी cave at जोगेश्वरी in जोगेश्वरी the outer mandapa cut into the जोगेश्वरी rock has at least three open courses on three sides while the पीछे .
The heaviness of the Chalukyan pillars as at Badami is apparently reduced by भारीपन circular ; and का ; the size of चालुक्य and चालुक्य are varied but in their development they are not at the end of the Chalukyan period .
The चालुक्य middle मोडऋ or पट्ट common in the Chalukyan चालुक्य are not here .
Though smaller than the Badami cave - temples the scheme is interesting from the point of view of the मूर्तिशिल्प design and sculpture .
The pillars are thin and have the usual अवयव of the system .
The मंडप consists essentially of a nearly square mandapa with almost a large principal cella of almost the same size on the rear and two more wide lateral shrines with a trikuta plan .
The rear shrine has a rock - cut linga while the lateral shrine of its दाई and attendant deities and the other forms of Siva in the मंदिर and सेवक shrine chamber .
The slightly projecting dividing wall - strips between the mandapa and the rear shrine leaving a wide entrance in the middle with the help of the मंडप sculptures.
On the facade there are niches carved on the rock wall of the flank with the sculptures of two funds के and पद्म .
The Jain cave - temple has a front mandapa which is apparently rectangular and conforms to the typical mandapa - type cave - temple pattern .
The high mountains at Ellora which had afforded the venue for a series of Buddhist excavations described earlier also provided a place for Hindu and Jain structures .
The Brahmanical cave - temples occupying the central portion of the hill and some of the higher parts belong to the period of the Chalukyas and their Rashtrakuta successors .
Cave 13 to 29 have Hindu excavations which are mostly शेव and are known in two separate chronological chains the first specimen of Buddhist excavations which are of no common character in their cella .
There are however some variations in planning and content .
Cave 16 is the Kailasa complex where the main part is the monolithic vimana temple of Kailasa . with cave - temples on the प्रदक्षिणा of the circumambulatory passage as in the case of the गुफा ( विमान ) .
The later लिंग लिंग is more analogous to the specimens of the south and often has an image in their लिंग a rock - cut linga - pitha and occasionally a rock - cut Nandi .
The pillars in these caves are of varied types and of design square or octagonal in section and are of the kumbha - कुंभ or of the kumbha - कुंभ type with full गुफाओं and medium elevation .
The corbels where present are either simple or पोतिकाएं .
The गुफा ( Cave 21 ) is the first in this group .
On the facade of the oblong mukha - mandapa there are four large sculptured pillars and two pilasters rising high at either end of the highly उठते parapet or dwarf wall between the two central pillars for entrance .
But tell us . is there nothing to say except to ask for leave .
Are all your desires fulfilled - Is there no invisible कांटा which बींध your heart ?
Otherwise Kacha assures him .
" Then you are a happy creature in this creation : " Look at it . "
There we are waiting to welcome you with flowers by playing on the musical notes .
Hey Brahmin ? Have you really spent your hard and dreary days full of नीरसता on this earth - for nobody thought of rest or delight . "
Kacha feels the sting and begs साथ not with any remorse but with a smile .
A smile !
It is no Paradise earth !
And the smile in this creation is not so cheap that a flower in the heart may bite the heart where love - consecration like a baffled भ्रमर round the closed petals of the heart .
The पूना at Poona have Gajalakshmi में हैं हैं . . . . and अर्धनारी .
गंगाधर depicts गंगाधर . . गंगाधर Ganesa Kartikeya and Surya .
The Eastern Chalukyan cave - temple of coastal Andhra has a dozen or more cave - temples excavated into the soft rocks on either side of the प्रदेश in the territory of the Eastern Chalukyas of में .
They meet at the northern coast in the hills of Krishna and और in the hills of कृष्णा and हैं on the southern coast in the hills of तट तट . and सीतारामपुरम .
These cave - temples belonging to the Eastern Chalukyan show individualistic characters in their lay - out iconography and the scheme of the cella .
They apart from their native Chalukyan and northern heritage have also participated in some parts .
On the upper wall of the पीठिका for the लिंग linga or लिंग at लिंग on the upper walls of the Eastern Chalukyan cave - temples the absence of Vaish - वैष्णव is अनुपस्थिति where on the contrary they occur in the western Chalukyan Rashtrakuta group .
Practically all the cave - temples are Saiva or are dedicated to other deities of the Saiva pantheon.
However this is largely the result of gradual additions during various periods thus successively enlarging the original lay - out and resulting in progressive expansion in the larger temple complexes or temple cities such as Chidambaram Tiruvannamalai Madurai and नगर
The गृह temple cities such as Srirangam which is the largest of these structures are built inside the outer circumference of people belonging to the निवास temple .
For example the मालिका temple at Srirangam the main sanctum of the Vishnu - temple at श्रीरंगम is surrounded by seven मालिका . or मालिका surrounded by a variety of गृहों and मालिका within three walls .
They form a modern municipal city with the goods and roads outside the seventh century .
In all the three - dimensional structures the aspect of the transverse and vertical sides are of importance : therefore the number of steps specified in the उठान and the number of steps specified in the उठान form a distinct variation .
The four - sided square or oblong बौद्ध and the और elliptical and apsidal structures had also come into vogue in earlier Buddhist and अबौद्ध temples .
But the विमानों or विमानों forms that were introduced in the construction of the southern vimanas would have been extraordinary .
In the case of the height there are the simplest or one - storeyed structures in the vimana called the griva and sikhara from the base to the summit ( i . e . the छत or ग्रीवा ) with the prastara .
The number of storeys could be extended to three or four ( three ) three or four ( three ) three ( three ) three - storeyed विमान ( three ) - LRB - three - RRB - ( tritala विमान ) etc .
Yet on the insistence of duty she would sacrifice her happiness and do it to her and return to her आत्मीय and offer her knowledge to her service .
He begs to से .
It is a woman whose heart has risen to the burning of नारी नारी and forgiveness what forgiveness is there ?
You will go to the celestial realm and all your अनुताप will disappear into the glory of your success.
What good aspirations or desires in this desolate and ritualistic life ?
In these woods must I drag on the humiliation of an aimless and forlorn existence where memory with its thousand thorns will prick me at steps and a sacred shame खा at the very core of my being .
ओ you should be cruel O the cruel guest who sat in the shade of my life - garden in the dark and at some time broke all its flowers and ended with a clutch of dust .
Then at this time of farewell my curse should be borne by you to condemn me and for whom you have acquired this knowledge you will never get the full fruit .
You will bear the burden of it throughout your life but you will deprive you of its behaviour ; you will teach it but will never use it . "
They later developed into a central joint भुजा or double वलय or have assumed the shape of an projecting curved arm with a झूलती lotus bud the पुष्प of the fifteenth century and later temples .
These shapes indicate regional development and कालानुक्रमिक development .
The other important architectural features are the torana तोरण which is essentially an arched festoon - LRB - toranas - RRB - over two columns - LRB - occasionally straight at Sanchi - RRB - and marking a sacred or ceremonial entrance .
Such free - standing torana entrances or स्तंभ toranas are said to have preceded the gopura entrances of ancient प्रासादों .
But while the entrances retained such an entrance torana in the northern monuments as at Sanchi and Bhubaneswar the gopura entrance के in the south continued to be the most characteristic and invariable part of the temple complex .
The torana idea however did not end ; it meant the application of several niches and entrances on the walls of the vimana or gopura and they were known as भित्ति torana .
These are found in the frames of entrances of some cave - temples the fronts of the विमान niches or devakoshthas on the walls of the vimana and the fronts of the nasikas of various sizes and types .
The gable - window - like arched kudu ornaments on the kapota of the prastara are provided by toranas bereft of the supporting pillars .
In its simplest and most primitive forms the गरदन has a गरदन at the bottom the गरदन the गरदन rising like the neck is called the गरदन and a projecting platform the कंठ .
It may be a slight extension in the middle called कुमुद - LRB - कुमुद - RRB - called Kumud a circular or circular drawing over the larynx and beneath the कंठ but smaller ऊपर is called कुमुद .
When closed दीवारों have a series of pilasters on the inner faces of the walls .
On their outer faces the external settings obtained in the main vimana are imitated .
The pillars are mostly of the बीच type square on the top and bottom sections with octagonal or बीच in the intervening section and are therefore popularly known as mandapa - temples .
These are the names of the कोटिकल . . . . . etc .
Such simple mandapa pillars do not have differentiated heads पोतिका but have ऊपर over the top square section .
Occasionally they have full capitals or वास्तुशिल्पीय as seen in the case of cave - temples of the south they may be the kumbha - कुंभ type or the so - called cushion capitals .
In the later mandapas of the Chalukyan series the pillars on their square base are constructed as series of curved and rounded shapes such as the खराद on the चालुक्य .
In the later mandapas of the Pallava - Pandya series the pillars have been decorated with , paintings statues पशुओं animal figures or a number of miniature pillars known as पशुओं . .
In front of the Draupadi ratha a tiny steep - standing rock - cut standing lion - icon has been cut - off otherwise it would cause Draupadi ' s front view .
Among the other four rathas the ग्राम Ganesh ratha is cut out of a शिलाखंड between the main hill - hill range and on some distance from the west of the main hills and the ग्राम temple at ग्राम near महाबलीपुरम .
The small Draupadi ratha is an example of a simple hut - like vimana square on plan with only four parts of the usual six parts of the vimana namely adhishthana pada and wall . sikhara and stupi the prastara .
The रथ ratha illustrates the kuta type with the four - sided domical roof or sikhara and one bowl .
It is an example of a pure Nagara class owing to square planning from base to apex .
It is dedicated to Durga whose standing sculpture with attendants rests on the rear wall of the temple .
The main doorway is flanked by a fine torana as also the three devakoshthas also enshrine standing relief sculptures of Durga on the three side walls .
On either side of the entrance are the नासिका carved on either side of the entrance niches made between the corners of the corner pilasters and devoid of the mukha - or ardha - mandapa in contrast to the other rathas .
A dvitala and hence का or नागर vimana of the same Nagara order square from base to apex may be seen as an incomplete विमान ratha facing east .
It has a small ardha - mandapa and the aditala has a single wall hence the आदितल .
It was perhaps commenced by Mamalla - LRB - as indicated by the label inscribed on the eastern side of the second tala - RRB - including the consecration of the , and the की up to the present stage of completion as indicated by मामल्ल .
In the Dharmaraja ratha the wall of the aditala which घेरती the corners and leaving an open pillared entrance on all four sides appears to be essentially an outer wall of the peripheral peripheral mandapa of the aditala .
The pattern is indeed the same with the aditala wall rising into the outer wall of the sanctum - wall of the second tala called की with an intervening additional wall at lower intervals than the talas .
The unfinished Bhima ratha too like the Dharmaraja ratha for its aditala is surrounded by a narrow mandapa the walls of which depict the two pillars on the corners and the intervening fronts of two pillars and two pilasters on the long and smaller sides .
On the top of the mandapa are the kutas salas at the four corners and the salas .
The oblong sanctum facing west was perhaps intended for a reclining form of Vishnu with his head to the south and legs to the north .
The oblong griva ग्रीवा that rises up in the continuation of the walls of the garbha - griha is slightly higher .
The two long sides of the griva sikhara have five nasikas on three sizes : the अंतर्वर्ती the largest at the centre being the medium - sized at both ends and the intervening smallest .
The three large nasikas including the prastara are represented by a complete हैं .
But there is a deeper conflict of personal loyalties .
If a man has to make hard decisions that he may have to depend on his conscience or his religion on his country or faith or pledge of friendship or love ?
There is no definite answer to this dilemma and it will not make any such decision obvious that it is the result of all these difficulties .
The second volume of his poems was published in 1896 .
रबी literally means the harvest season of Rabi and जमीन of rice which is harvested in the month of मार्च ( March - April ) since the sun declines through the month of May रबी .
Perhaps it was because the poet became aware of the fact that Spring of his life was over and gradually the कोंपल of spiritual severity would crumble .
There is as if there is a pathos in these poems and a hint of preparation for a different path .
Before in the next phase India ' s past अभीभूत him he had to save some immortal moments from his immediate past .
Occasionally one or more of the other seven parivara shrines deviate from the size of the , such as the apsidal or अर्धवृत्ताकार shrine for Ganesa or या in the सुंदरेश्वर temple at जिला Tiruchirapalli district .
The cult of कैलासनाथ as कैलासनाथ or the main कैलासनाथ in the Siva temple which was seen during the reign of Rajasimha Pallava shows almost अष्ट in its Kailasanatha temple at Kanchi and is now almost अष्ट .
The Siva temple at शिव and the शिव ( both at शिव district ) are examples of the type with circular in the griva and sikhara section and carved on a square section of the ekatala vimana .
The four corners of the aditala of the sanctum are flanked by the symbols of Subrahmanya Kartikeya though the Siva temple has the usual आदितल .
The two - storeyed शिव temple at जिला and the जिला ( Tirunelveli district ) have only a few examples .
The नंदी temple has four karnakutas at the corners instead of Nandi at the top .
The शिव Siva temple is noted for its fine architecture and its walls and superstructure over which the celebrated Ananda . of Siva are found to be the early कला of Tamil Nadu and the early portrayal of the Indian art and the world' .
The celebrated नटराज of Nataraja depicting the Siva.
The Saivite saint संत - संत is the first to mention this form and aspect of Siva ' s dance and the small पत्थर . ( पत्थर ) perhaps the first to take shape in stone .
This was perhaps the first time used as a stone niche sculpture in the cells of the southern wall of the shrine at तंजावुर ( Thanjavur district ) and became a common feature of other early Chola temples .
The मुत्तरैयार मुत्तरैयार in the name of the founder of the Cholas of तंजावुर is an interesting and fine Muttaraiyar example .
The sandhara aditala of this tritala structure is square on its plan externally with a closed mandapa of almost equal proportions whereas the inner wall surrounding the भीतरी is circular leaving a gap .
The second tala rising over the inner circular wall is square while the third tala ऊपर and over it is circular in section .
The aditala ham extended over the top of the front mandapa also shows a series of आदितल .
But for this the dvarapalas at both द्वारपालों and mandapa - fronts on the four faces at the top and do not make much sculptures.
The west - facing complex is surrounded by the eighth family and a prakara with a small gopura entrance on the east at the top of the slopy ascent on the rock over the north - east one - eyed temple built .
It has two square talas of the superposed sanctum type with a double - walled sandhara aditala leaving a passage through the walls with a double - walled तीर्थंकर तीर्थंकर - पूजागृह functional and their पूजागृह forms the तीर्थंकर .
The ham of the aditala over the outer wall including kuta sala and panjara elements is extended over the edges of the mandapa in front .
The hara contains a series of fine sculptures.
This was built by the minister . in Ganga गंग ( गंग ) .
The foundation stone of this imposing figure is surrounded by the minister of मालिका मालिका ( मालिका ) built by the मालिका - मालिका of मालिका - मालिका which is closely associated with the lower part of the sculpture .
The Ganga temple at श्रावण near श्रावण is a Jain temple and is interesting because of the fact that its three main types of structures all of which are completely granite are built into the three recesses of a trikuta mandapa with three बाह्य .
The complex has two more lateral vimanas in front of the common mandapa of the trikuta centre .
The whole complex is enclosed by a prakara with a small gopura entrance on the north .
In नागर ( Hassan district ) the complex is known as the नागर ) ( Jain temple ) which is a unique set of units ; it is an example of the नागर classification of southern vimanas in the form of Nagara नागर and वेसर .
Particularly may be noted the variety of niche toranas framing the devakoshthas that depict the various forms of toranas described in the तोरणों and inscriptions such as the patra torana chitra torana तोरण torana तोरण torana . torana .
Thus this temple set is an example of the various features of vimana forms which were lists and codified in the Silpa and Agama texts of the period . It may be said that it is an ideal example or model of the text .
The granite temples of Nandi Kolar district the capital of the Banas are of Ganga - गंग quotations .
The small and earlier carved on the top of the hill are not architecturally impressive while the larger temples of पहाडी and के both of the square type are . .
It has been elaborated in a complex by later construction of the axial mandapas and peripheral temples at the centre .
The former two evidently forms a pre - existing structure and is known for the fineness of its structure and के of its structure .
The अरूणाचलेश्वर प्रतिकृति is almost a later copy of the अरूणाचलेश्वर .
Thus it does not seem to be more than a large assembly - hall transformed into a temple with a shrine inside .
The massive mandapa of the ग्राम temple with its improvised shrine at the rear and an unconventional slopy roof standing on the adhishthana of its own seems to have originally been the hall - hall of the village moot .
In the same context the मंदिर temple at जिला ( जिला district ) now known as जिला is a case of a later Pallava structure which we have not noticed in the preceding account of the temples of that period .
This large assembly - hall of the mandapa or Chaturvedi . constructed evidently for the village Sabha and now what remains of it is the magnificent edifice the upa - pitha and the adhishthana over which the pillared पाषाण have been ruined .
The extant पत्थर base is of hard granite stone .
The inscription of the twenty - four years of Pallava विमान III on the extant structure itself calls it a mandapa not a मंडप vimana .
This is from the time of के के .
Incidentally this is a famous inscription of the twelfth and fourteenth years of the first Cholas of ग्राम in which rules and conditions for the establishment of a gram sabha and the eligibility for election are mentioned in the executive body .
These temples have a typical Chalukyan plinth form with nirandhara or single - walled aditala and with a narrower ardha - mandapa in front .
The structural stone पाषाण the power of the thief reached its zenith by 1000 A. D. 1000 throughout the Tamil region and Kerala पार South Mysore and coastal Andhra and Sri Lanka श्रीलंका Lakshadweep and मालदीव
The contemporary rival power in the south was Rashtrakuta ; but it soon became stronger that they had हथियार before the Chalukyas of Kalyani .
The experience and know - how acquired in the construction of stone ; technical and design and codified Agama and Silpa texts have seen a great activity in temple building particularly in southern India and Sri Lanka .
The Brihadisvara at Thanjavur and its immediate पांड्य - LRB - पांड्य - RRB - at later पांड्य - LRB - पांड्य - RRB -.
The great temple at Thanjavur appropriately called the Brihadisvara at तंजावुर - LRB - बृहदीश्वर - RRB - in the name of Rajaraja I ) was conceived as a whole complex at large and completed by its founder .
It combines all that is best in temple - building traditions sculpture painting and allied arts .
It is a large complex with a large monolithic Nandi recumbent on a high pedestal in front of the vimana and its coeval axial mandapa with a much later mandapa but now built on it .
A rich disciple शिष्य proud of his wealth reached the Guru and provided a pair of कंगन .
As the Guru picked up a bangle he slipped from his hand into the river below.
The disciple jumped into the river to retrieve the valuable gift .
But when he found his bangle he begged the Guru to tell him what he had fallen.
The Guru threw the remaining bangle into the water and said , there .
There is a work associated with the ancient Rishi . who gave sacred hymns to his disciples .
One day a poor but inquisitive child appeared before him to accept him as a disciple .
The sage asked him if he was a Brahmin and who was his father .
She replied that she had no husband and if God had given her something she was a child .
The sage embraced the child and said " You are the best Brahmins for you have inherited the noblest virtue .
The Kasi - विश्वेश्वर temple at काशी and the Mahadeva temple at महादेव near पश्चिमी mark the zenith of architecture and art in this area under the Western Chalukyas .
The time for the construction of the Mahadev temple is given in its inscription dated AD सन् .
The main vimana extant only up to the griva the sikhara and stupi having been lost is a square five - storeyed structure standing on an elaborately moulded adhishthana with a sukanasika projected over the level of the fourth tala on top of the antarala .
The whole aircraft is divided into five bays on each side of which the intervening section is the most projected the four recesses between the bays are offset repeatedly resulting in a विमान plan .
The hara on each side of the talas according to the width of the bays is made of a two karnakutas at either end a central sola and two intervening पंजरों .
The most projected central bays of each of the aditala with sala superstructure are as deep and wide as in miniature shrines all of which are miniature vimanas with शाला prastara and superstructure though narrower and narrower representation of the bays .
The navaranga forms a large square in front its outer walls and adhishthana similarly relieved and recessed and with similar external decorations .
What is more interesting is its highly ornate and raised central ceiling and the fine carvings on its stone slabs particularly those cutting the corners of the inner roof of the square section .
The three entrances with pillared porches east south and north - east .
The rich decorative elements of the temple and its plans and symptoms indicate its proximity in the times of the typical temples of the सत्ता who came to power in the latter half of the twelfth century and early thirteenth century .
The story of the monk . a disciple of the compassionate Buddha is similarly compiled .
One day . the Sudarshan young monk was sleeping on the ground outside the walls of Mathura where something suddenly struck against his chest and got up .
In fact he was the hero of the town.
When he looked at the monk and saw that beautiful monk he invited him to come to his house and said . . hard and rough ground . "
The monk looked at him and said ' O ' beauty , is not yet .
Go where you are going? You will go there and when the appropriate time comes . "
The days passed and one day when the monk was passing through the walls of the city he noticed a woman lying on the ground .
The monk sat side by the unconscious body with the head of the woman carrying water on her thirsty dry lips smeared her body with cool and fragrant sandal - paste and prayed to her .
The woman listened to her eyes and asked Who are you O Kudala Sangama Lord !
In another poem the poet tells another story in the case of general damage ( क्षति ) , in the morning of winter accompanied by his companions for the Ganges .
Of the temples at वारंगल and Palampet in the temples of the वारंगल or Warangal the temples at पालमपेट and Palampet are the most famous and प्रतिनिधिक for their architecture and art .
The so - called वारंगल - pillared temple at वारंगल ( Warangal district ) built by 1162 in 1162 A. D. ; the style of the later Western Chalukyas shows the काकतीय .
In the main part there is a trikuta or triple shrine of considerable size and dedicated to Siva Vishnu and Surya all these three are gradually opening into a common mandapa in the north and east respectively .
The mandapa has open corners between the three shrines on its two sides and its pillars inside are lathe - turned .
It is attached to an intervening Nandi - mandapa in front of the unit .
Another interesting feature of this ruined temple is the free - standing toranas marking the entrance points .
The temples at Palampet or district के are of another peculiar group .
The bases of the peripheral pillars of the mandapa are also attached to a वेदी and a मंडप which forms the back of the mandapa .
While the main structures are made up of red stone decorations are of polished basalt or पत्थर which are stones of hard nature .
It has a vimana with a mukha - mandapa in front of which there are three projected विमान entrances on the north - east and south - facing steps सीढियां while the sanctum is attached to the west .
All this stands on a plain and well - moulded upa - pitha .
On the wall of the garbha - griha over the adhishthana on each side there are five distinct relieved pilasters one of which is wide from the lateral pairs and a slopy flat के on the prastara above .
The recesses between the pilasters contain the usual short and thin pilaster motif surmounted by a shrine superstructure .
The superstructure of the main vimana now ruined will be four - storeyed की with a prominently projected sukanasika on the front side over which a Nandi placed .
The main building is like the great temple of Palampet in size . plan and elevation .
The whole stands on a double plinth with a wide upa - pitha platform below the upa - pitha platform adhishthana at the base of the adhishthana over and above the upa - pitha platform with an open ambulatory all round.
Over the adhishthana of the mandapa the usual dwarf wall or वेदी parapet are से and it supports small peripheral pillars at the corners and on each of the two sides .
लालित्यपूर्ण figures are symbols of मानव in graceful poses and vyalas हैं on elephants each with human body coming out of its pore space .
Inside the mandapa there are small shrines on the periphery the पालमपेट - mandapa containing only five of them .
The roof of the mandapa is ruined .
Over the cell the sala type roof or विमान rises to the height of the next vimana again superposed विमान .
The पश्चिम with its east - west long arm has a torana festoon as that leads to the vestibule in the lower oblong page to the प्रकोष्ठ or upper part of the छत inside the arch of the Chalukyan and north shrines .
Thus . this unique temple which is an adventure has been constructed in which the architectural features of the far and near have been merged with them with their cleverness and with the help of a sophisticated construction .
The object was to make it सम्मिश्रण with the importance of this spiritual master whose honour both the राजवंश and the धार्मिक of the religious benches in the धार्मिक a kind of universal representation of the different regional architectural styles could be made there .
It is in fact a large complex planned and built at one time including the vimana axial mandapas multi - pillared agra - mandapa . the other mandapas the kalyana - mandapa the prakara and gopura .
It was built by Krishnadeva Raya in 1513 and was perhaps still incomplete though the empire fell in 1565 after which the capital was shifted to राजधानी .
The mandapas and gopuras are as in all Vijayanagar temples remarkable for their large size .
Many of the mandapa are of the के pillars .
So also on occasions when he was पुर्नव्याख्यित the national moral values with his global and humanistic concept his personal experiences and ideas waves which are not only a single record of his देश and songs .
Whatever Plato might have commented on the पंखों प्राणी - he was Rabindranath ' s first and last beloved ever long - drawn ever so that he would have been possessed of a sudden longing to shed his limbs and even a fresh load of water .
The Bengali year ends in April when the winds blow hot and the pitch झंझावात by the violent storm वर्षा the whole area थर्रा with it and sometimes it rains with it it would have been written more today .
But on the whole the poet ' s instinctive and pagan love of nature the voluptuous delight in his varying moods is now weighed down with melancholy reflection.
He now visited the temple in ध्वंसावशेषों and was filled with pity for the हृदय neglected and अपूजित which though many other gods had been received .
There is one such beautiful poem which might have created interest in में and may include the का of Siva who burnt the deity of love at the भस्म moment of his love .
It is now that the ash has बहती into the world of dust and it has never ceased to lose itself in its विचलित .
There is a hint of this in many of his poems - a foreboding of the poet ' s spiritual crisis and the curse of his own calamity .
The lower portion of the abacus or section of the भुजा simpler in the temples of the भुजा and early Cholas changed into पुष्प during the later Cholas the भुजा ones now revert to the form of a पुष्प characteristic with a भुजा भुजा pattern .
The curved lower and curved arm has a horizontal connective bar below it connecting the main section of the free end .
The kumbha panjara motif on the wall recesses of vimanas gopuras and mandapas is made more ornate and elaborate .
The cornice which was till now thick and curved down has become thin and double with a much narrower and more curved down and often appears from the imitation of the wooden ribs of the frame - work supporting it .
In the mandapas as in the kalyana - mandapa of the कांचीपुरम temple in Kanchipuram which is a fine पाषाण of its kind large stone chains hanging down at the corner of the कांचीपुरम पाषाण with a stone section hanging from the पाषाण
This mandapa is famous for its exquisitely and intricately worked structures in hard stone .
These are called विजयनगर and are characteristic of the Vijayanagar style .
The superstructures of the stone - built vimanas or gopuras are of brick - and - mortar structures and if they are not constructed in the पाषाण karana style they also possess wood .
These are called शिव and there are eleven high मंजिल such as the जिला at जिला जिला ( North अर्काट district ) in अरूणाचल and जिला ( जिला district ) in अरूणाचल and जिला district ) the great king राय ( सम्राट ) .
The अहाते temple complex is located in a high - walled paved yard with three gopura entrances on the east . south and north .
There are axial and accessory mandapas and ancillary temples .
The axial series consists of vimanas with विमान on an ornate platform carved with friezes of men मनुष्यों मनुष्यों हंसों and small shrine models .
The steps leading to the frontal agra - mandapa are flanked by large stone lines .
The agra - mandapa itself has massive monolithic pillars with carved - out carved . or with large vyalas having riders on their backs.
The superstructure of the vimana is of brick .
There are also shrines for other attendant deities in the courtyard .
The Krishna temple built by Krishnadeva Raya in 1513 is another beautiful temple complex consisting of the सेवक temples the मंडपों mandapam and gopuras .
Built by Achyut Roy ( 1530 ) this temple is noted for its large size and large proportions .
भीतर Ram temple . built in प्राकार is another large structure inside the double prakara with gopuras an gopura entrance on the gopura - mandapa and viharas though not comparable to the design of the famous प्राकार temple .
The pillars are however handsome and have some fine sculptures.
The temple was dedicated to Anantasayin Vishnu but the deity is now missing .
The shrine front has three doors to see the body and feet of the reclining god at intervals .
The presence of the sukanasika on the front of the vimana superstructure of the vimana superstructure is a large ornament carved on the sides of the Nandi - Devi sculptures on the sides and over the threshold of a simple ग्रेनाइट granite .
Then unlike the linear multi - pillared मंडपों of the farther south the mandapa of the नंवरंग pattern and free तोरण toranas are carved in temples at the top of the hill at राज्य ( Mysore State ) .
The Hazara Ram Mandir was probably earlier commenced and completed by Krishnadeva Raya .
The temple is devoid of a typical gopura ; but the walls of the prakara are decorated by friezes externally and painted by चित्रवल्लरियां dance का music and प्राकार .
The central authority was very weak .
The Vijayanagar Empire in the southern regions the Nayakas gradually assumed independent power .
Some of them fostered temple architecture and built some remarkable temples .
These heroes were from Vellore ( North Arcot district ) दक्षिणी ( South Arcot district ) तंजावुर ( South Arcot Thanjavur and Madurai in Tamil Nadu , and इक्केरी in western Mysore .
In the Nayak period the large mandapa - LRB - मंडप - RRB - and the large gopura at के - LRB - मंडप - RRB - in Tamil Nadu with a number of stucco figures - LRB - stucco - RRB - have been seen in the case .
The two or more elaborately projected bays on top of their heads and roughly corresponding to each other are the similar structures at मंडप the kalyana - mandapa of the प्राकार and the similar structures at the eastern mandapa of the Vijayanagar temple at Srirangam .
They are of the बहुस्तंभ type with a remarkable पशुओं line in front of which there is an unusually large embroidered line with relatives and other hunting figures .
The large temple complex at दिशाओं Madurai on the four sides of the central shrine with great mandapas and towering gopuras on all four sides is mostly of the hero the के .
The मीनाक्षी mandapam in the Minakshi - सुंदरेश्वर temple at Madurai and the कृष्णपुरम mandapa in the कृष्णपुरम temple are among the hundreds .
The Subrahmanya temple with vimana ardha - and mukha - mandapas standing in the north - west court of the Brihadisvara temple complex is a typical example of the Nayaka temple of the ornate variety and has an interesting gem .
Built of fine - grained granite its adhishthana and pilasters of its walls display some fine and intricate तंतु .
The characteristic kumbha panjara in the wall recesses between the pilasters is made extremely ornate and similarly the flower on top of the pillars and polygonal pilasters carrying a full lotus bud at the tip of the curved arm .
The flexed kapota is thin and और with a तीलियों frame on the page .
The griva and sikhara of the square vimana are hexagonal in conformity with the six - faced forms of Subrahmanya installed in the temple .
This and other temples thus readily portray the living art of the modern भारत or temple builder of south India .
This can be seen in the rock fort temple at Tiruchirapalli Madurai and other places .
The construction of the entire temple complex inside the fort of the udder including kalyana - mandapa and gopura at किले near the किले is a part of the . gopura at वेल्लोर but still surrounded by temples or मंदिरों .
Similarly there are many small Nayaka temples inside the Chandragiri fort .
Some granite stone - built temples of the Hoysala times are the राजवंश built at that time when a राजवंश branch of this dynasty ruled over some parts of Tamil Nadu with the capital at शासन near Srirangam and शासन
They are all built in the local regional style . in logical continuation of the late Pandya temples of Tamil Nadu and consequently the features of Vijayanagar temples of Tamil Nadu that followed.
Such temples of the Hoysala times are to be found in में and के in the eastern part of the Srirangam island .
Some more temples were built by Hoysala generals and administrators in the Pudukkottai and जिलों districts ( मंदिर ) - temple unit at मंदिर जैहसे .
These temples built during the Hoysala interregnum reveal in their architecture and sculpture only the local regional methods but not the Hoysala patterns as carved out of soft stone in their home area ( Karnataka ) .
The Srirangam वेणुगोपाल temple shows noticeably much advanced architectural and sculptural features of the local regional style .
The sculpture of the tall ऊंची single स्त्रियों - LRB - स्त्रियों - RRB - maidens perhaps many of them are carved in different parts sculpture and poses contrast between the नारी and the female figures in Hoysala art .
The sculpture of the जिला temple may be compared with the hard stone statues at और और and और near और जिला and तिरूनेलवेली in other parts of the Madurai मीनाक्षी temple .
The Ikkeri Nayakas have left temples of Chalukyan affiliation in their capital towns of Ikkeri . and in their area of के .
The जिला temple at जिला is the largest and finest of the Ikkeri style temples .
It is evident that this system of tiered arrangement of slopy roof slabs or one curved one over the other was best suited to the most promising area of the पश्चिमी as was in the original Kadamba region on the west coast .
It can be said that both of these forms are a kind of top - ranking element and devoid of or with the sukanasika more or less a cross between the typical northern prasada superstructure and the southern vimana forms .
This type is evident from the examples of the मल्लिकार्जुन temple at ऐहोल1 ( the eighth century ) group on the way of the भूतनाथ temple in the Badami valley and the के temple all of the Badami Chalukya - Rashtrakuta .
The small temple complex at जिला ( Kurnool district ) behind the जिला temple and the पापनाशम group of मंदिरों in आलमपुर are of this type in the Eastern Chalukyan region .
Eight of the nine structures of the Lakshmi Devi temple complex at जिला ( Hassan district Mysore 2 ) are of the same type and of Hoysala times .
In the Eastern Chalukyan area the प्रासाद comprising the Kurnool जिले and Guntur districts have such rekha - prasada - type temples built over the seventh - eighth centuries .
In the आलमपुर complex at आलमपुर all are of this type except the विमान of the southern vimana type .
Most of them are dated before AD . when according to an inscription . a prakara enclosing the whole group was built by प्राकार .
Most nirandhara and some are sandhara .
Each unit consists of a sanctum with a sanctum with a balanced tri ratha sikhara an antarala and pillared mandapa with two tiers .
For the whole axial series there is a single entrance on the front and घेरती it has a continuous wall constituting the outer wall of the sandhara type .
On the outer wall of the wall are richly carved niches surmounted by मॉटिफ motifs containing beautiful sculptures and जालीदार motifs .
The carvings are fine and reminiscent of the central Indian and Rajasthani styles .
The group has the most advanced and elaborate समूह .
Most of these temples the temples some of which have their foundation for the tenth - eleventh centuries have been considerably renovated or reconstructed in the near centuries and do not show much that can be described as evolutionary trends .
The usual consideration of which is not noticed is the भीतर and structural contents within the srikoyil for according to the rituals and कर्मकांड the मंदिरों of the Kerala temples are also prohibited for any other ritual priests .
Whatever the srikoyil may be seen is really an outer shell as it is with a basic vimana or inner विमान .
The centre which has a sanctum or garbha - griha is essentially a vimana form से as in the south it is found with all its members on which the tiered superstructure on the cella is more than the talas .
The scheme of this central unit generally does not correspond with the plan and plinth of the srikoyil and is usual to have structures circular or apsidal structures within it or vice - versa.
The final outer conical or बाहरी roof with its stupi covers the inner sikhara above the inner central structure as an umbrella or is placed on top of the griva and sikhara for both .
While the मुख्यभूमि is essentially a central part or garbha - griha is of the ordinary vimana type the common vimana type in the east of the Western Ghats such as the external protective मुख्यभूमि of the srikoyil structure are भाग by a somewhat rigid pattern .
He is not afraid of his pain .
In fact fear विकृत the truth as far as possible in your intensity - neither sorrow nor sorrow nor separation .
This collection of hundred poems entitled से which is quite suitable : the poet dedicated his illustrious father to his credit as a gift to him for whatever spiritual and moral properties was preserved by him .
When he recited the poems collected in the manuscript to his father he was so pleased that he gave the son a sum of money to pay all his expenses .
Even in his devotional and God - conscious moods Rabindranath could not avert his face from this life and this world .
I take the liberty between the bonds of pleasure and delight and I know that God - love and love - play are both inspired and enjoyed by him and loved one another .
But Bahadur Shah had neither the guts nor the power nor the will .
The first question of the trial arises as to whether under the international law a king could be tried like a common man and there is no doubt that Bahadur Shah was the King and he was also admitted .
Before 1857 the British were not the sovereign rulers of India and Bahadur Shah was not their subjects ; though he was given pension by the British .
During the freedom struggle in 1857 there was a time when Delhi became free from corporate rule and Bahadur Shah was declared the emperor .
Under such circumstances it may be said that it was not legally correct to conduct Bahadur Shah as a rebel or against justice .
Though the prosecutor submitted legal documents to prove the fault the facts were not legally examined since Bahadur Shah was in a position to cross - examine his defence and received legal aid .
The circumstances in the country were such that no one having any legal knowledge had the courage to come forward to defend Bahadur Shah .
The decision given after hearing the two parties cannot be a legal decision .
The manner in which Bahadur Shah was brought to Delhi after his defeat and the manner in which witnesses were produced shows that the trial was a farce.
Indeed Bahadur Shah as a ruler should not have been tried .
Moreover he was not even in a mental state to confront such a case .
He was 82 .
His wife Zeenat Mahal including her all her companions had almost left him .
The trial lasted more than two months .
No one had any doubts about the decision of the trial at any time .
On 29 March 1858 Bahadur Shah was found guilty of all charges and consequently death was banished throughout his life .
He left Delhi in October 1858 accompanied by his wife . Bakht बख्त Mahal besides another small बेगम who had been completely bored of him and he was told by her " miserable बेगम "
He died on 7 November 1862 in 1862 .
Surendra Nath proceeded to England and appealed to the Indian Office not to hear their complaints nor were they permitted to forget as a barrister .
In June 1875 he resumed his career as a professor of English at the भारत Institute of जून when he joined the Free Church College and is now known as the Ripon College founded by himself .
During his teaching and public meetings he inspired those who were listening by his long - term lectures on the life and teachings of J . सिखों . सिखों Shivaji and Sikhs .
On 26th July 1876 he founded the Indian Association which was intended to be the centre of an all - India political movement .
He travelled all over India to awaken the spirit of unity and solidarity among the people .
Surendra Nath ' s popularity can be gauged from the point of view that when he was convicted to prison under the charge of contempt of the court Surendranath Banerjee was a perfect कारावास in Bengal .
Surendra Nath Banerjea also played a guiding role in the Indian National Congress and twice as its president in 1895 - 1905 and 1902.
There is no doubt that Surendra Nath Banerjea and his colleagues in Bengal could trace the Indian National Congress as the handiwork of Bengalis after another session .
They also participated in the agitation for the ' बंग ' agitation ' in 1905 and the ' boycott ' .
After the leadership of the बंगाल Conference he was regarded as the King of Bengal .
He was a frank and fearless man and with his undaunted courage suffered imprisonment in the contempt of the High Court .
He opposed corrupt judiciary and paved the way for the right to freedom of expression and set an example to come .
Surendra Nath Banerjea was editor of an English letter in which he wrote an editorial article on 28th April 1883 .
This article was based on a report published in the Brahmo Public Opinion stating that a judge of the Calcutta High Court Mr Justice Norris had ordered a Hindu accused to appear before the court .
नौरिस Norris had earlier often made decisions with prejudice against the Hindus in many cases .
The report echoed the sentiments of most of the people in Bengal and Surendranath Banerjee popularly known for his fearlessness and के wrote an article criticising the judge ' s sentiments and not of the High Court . "
The article created a stir not only in Calcutta but also in the whole of India ; it hurt not only the feelings of the Hindus but also the sentiments of the British judiciary particularly the English judges .
The language of the article was और and और .
It was a frontal attack on judiciary and particularly on the member of the High Court .
I would like to emphasise that if I knew it or there was no reason to believe that the report of the Brahmo Public Opinion was totally wrong or misleading . But I did not wish to write any remarks .
The circumstances which are in British India are seen in them with great respect the high courts of this Hon’ble court and the other community and I believe that it is the most sincere privilege and honour of all these sections of society .
In challenging the jurisdiction of the High Court in issuance of notice he said : " I am advised that the Hon’ble court has no right to issue the said order and to deal with it .
He had the courage to say that in such cases no justice could be done so briefly .
Though he had sought pardon for his writing and had a little time and wanted from the court he was not given the time and on 4th May 1883 the trial was brought to the Chief Justice . and four other judges of the High Court .
The Chief Justice with the consent of Cunningham J. की J. and Norris had given the verdict of the court which in such cases was the hallmark of the English judges and the कठोरता .
On 4 May 1883 the judgment was delivered the next day .
Your counsel has also failed to explain to the court why this article was incorporated in this letter .
And you also know that the affidavit which was ordered is not related to that report .
These matters in your affidavit give effect to the court rather than to reduce your crime .
He is also finding it difficult to believe that the editor of a letter like you may be so alien to the law of the accusation that he had appeared on this ground in the behaviour and character of a High Court .
The court is prepared to take a pledge on your affidavit because your counsel has pointed out that these affidavit was drafted in a very early period without much fear but the sentence of death would not have been reduced by Surendra Nath Banerjea .
A court की
The court दंड you for two months imprisonment in the Civil Ward of the Presidency Jail . "
In the history of British justice system in India this was the first occasion when an eminent person in the crime of contempt of the court was sentenced to such a rigorous sentence .
The practice of not being a rule was to leave a sentence of warning to the accused without a condition that the accused would not suffer or be too heavy for him .
Behind this pretence of justice the High Court ' s real object was to teach Surendra Nath Banerjea a lesson and warned Indians that criticism would not be tolerated.
But I do not agree with the opinion of the majority of the court when I consider this question fully .
After the establishment of this court two such cases have come into existence .
The issue was fully considered and after the court decided that the two were guilty persons were given proper apologies .
In the present case the persons accused of having contempt of the court of law readily admitted their guilt and expressed their deep regret at having unwittingly cast an undeserved challenge upon a learned judge of the court .
In the above trial Sir न्यायाधीश Chief Justice Sir न्यायाधीश पीकॉक had said that : " However most of the judges who are accused of contempt of court are not guilty of offence .
In the second trial the court held Mr Taylor to pass a sentence of imprisonment for one month in the civil part of the Presidency Jail when the fine of Rs 500 and the fine was not paid .
The Chief Justice Sir सर ) had earlier referred to Mr Taylor ' s forgiveness published by Mr Taylor before the decision : " If you have already been asked to add something else to your request and not to do so .
Tilak was convicted by the English jury for three weeks in the Bombay High Court .
His words to welcome the punishment have become immortal today and record in the Central Hall of the Bombay High Court where he was tried and punished by launching the trial.
Tilak said " I only want to say that in spite of the verdict of the jury I consider myself a innocence .
The destiny of things is determined by high forces and it may be the will of the Lord to which I am fighting will rather than to be outside my prison . "
There is no link between this trial in the history of Indian judicial cases .
In the Central Hall of the Bombay High Court the Chief Justice of Bombay had said : " I have no honour or honour that has been given to me today in the memory of Lokmanya Tilak .
Two times during a period of twelve years the Lokmanya Tilak had stood in the dock of the accused and both convicted him for imprisonment .
We are here today to make atonement for the suffering caused by these convictions to a great and distinguished son of India .
The scar on our history is लगा today .
In spite of scant knowledge of Marathi he said that the accused had declared English rule in India as the country ' s misfortune and had suggested that bombs and deaths could achieve political rights in India as in other countries .
The barrister did his best to prejudice a special jury who was unfamiliar to Marathi language .
He read an article from the Kesari in support of the charge made under Section 153 - A .
The gist of the article published by him can be quoted here:
All thoughtful people have so far made their opinion about the causes of the " bomb party " .
A bomb party has come into existence because of their obstinacy in the suppression and exploitation of the government classes and the suppression of public thoughts .
The bomb exploded owing to the government ' s tolerance of Bengali youth .
Therefore the responsibility of this crisis should not be subordinated to political agitation writing or राजनीतिक but should be given to the official classes . "
He had to pay a heavy price for this because he did not get the support of any one in this act nor did he suffer from the थलग of the old सुधारवादियों who saw him as an irrelevant सुधारवादियों .
As a poet this was an ideal state but as a social reformer he needed both public and money for his organization .
But his admirers and well - wishers.
It was difficult for him to get enough money and a large number of students for his school and to meet his expenses he had to sell his jewellery to a part of his house and private library at Puri .
But this school was by no means a poet ' s सनक .
This was the means of a creative struggle for the benefit of his people and this was his epic which he continued to work till the end of his life and which grew with his development remained unfinished .
It was no doubt the poet ' s dream that neither the poet nor the poet himself asks the globe to come.
Tagore had been deeply entrenched in problems which were associated with the welfare of the people and the most common problem in these problems was his education ; the education which made him vulnerable to mental development .
The defence cannot be forced to bear this burden .
To prove that the translation is correct the prosecution job is .
Here the charge is not based on the original Marathi article and on its English translation .
Supposing this was an English article and an Englishman was charged with sedition the charge would fail if the prosecution proceeded to produce a document which would prove different from the words written .
There is a difference between the basic words of Marathi and the words used in his translations . "
Tilak submitted that a healthy criticism of administration as a social पत्रकार and journalist was his duty .
It was the duty of every Indian .
The 22 - hour long defence conducted by Tilak lasted for six days .
He made it clear that the Kesari articles were meant to warn the government that the path of repression was not proper .
Even if you do not agree you have the right to say that in your opinion the matter does not come under Section 124 - A .
You may agree or disagree with my views - you may accept or reject them .
The point is that my action was within my domain of right and whether in India the subjects of His Majesty in India are the only freedom which is available to the British citizens and the Anglo - Indian people .
It is not a matter of right or wrong thinking .
Who knows : Tomorrow my thoughts change .
प्रकट , your idea .
You will presently hear the Advocate General and His हिज will address you .
The responsibility is yours ; you have to decide whether to be guilty or " innocent .
You are representatives of the people and know their feelings and thoughts ; you have to say what you think will affect .
I would urge you to forget all the circumstances outside this court .
Tagore also said that the teaching of music and fine arts had a great impact on the child ' s emotions and sentiments .
Education is the key to the creation of a whole man so as to stimulate the experience and senses with the intelligence .
" Men are not limited in their entirety as Tagore says .
And that is why his school together with personal end motivation and self - reliance was equally accentuated .
If it does not lose its roots in the soil and does not get a natural environment then it is not of much significance .
Some of the foolish intellectuals of that generation and some of them even today may not be able to afford their ideas and practices imported from abroad and so on we are proud of the charge .
Life can never be जीवन it समन्वित and so Tagore warned his people : " If the whole world grows up like a पश्चिम it will die of a modern era of self - deception.
These were the main principles of his educational ideal which he tried to implement with his limited resources and resources and he too with a very modest beginning .
Not that after the establishment of his school he left it after his own help but for that he kept himself busy for achieving higher aims .
He loved children loved them and loved to teach them .
He believed that every child carried a message of God and that he did not despair .
Finding that there were no suitable primers and textbooks available in Bengali he wrote such books and asked his colleagues to do so .
The poet could act as hard as he could.
As though to test the sincerity and ability of his new devotee God had sent him to Rabindranath as he had done so to his servant in the Old Testament a series of bereavements and शोक .
Within a short period of his new home at Santiniketan his wife Mrinalini Devi fell seriously ill and was taken to Calcutta on 23 November 1902 .
The lady spent twenty years with महिला महिला but with all her dignity she looked after the poet with complete dedication and was the mother of five children .
All these कविताएं poems were published in a small booklet - which is remarkable for their softness and simplicity .
रजनी spent on the bed of sorrow and my eyes are tired.
He would have parted with the numerous gifts which he had given to the poet before him and now he could only say to the Lord who had been left for him .
- &gt; has found the dawn and you have taken him in your arms : I wish you all my knowledge of yourself and that gift for him .
Rabindranath would look for him in the corner of his house in a विक्षिप्त fashion but at last he was known that he never got tired of it and he never went home .
But the Lord your palace is endless and searched for it I arrived at your door.
This collection of poems was published a year later under the caption हुआ .
शोक disguised is more potent than grief expressed.
He sat around to see the familiar faces of men and women who had come from far off distances to give their love and said " It is a family meeting . "
The Sessions Judge accused him of being दंड President Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi who was the editor of Young India ' on 29 September 1921 and on 23 February 1922 when he received an oath of contempt for India .
When the court called upon the accused to ask if they plead guilty Gandhi said " I plead guilty on every issue of the charge .
I only want to say that the name of the King in the charge - sheet is very restricted in my opinion .
The Advocate General ( particular public prosecutor ) Sir T. . ) asked the court not to convict the pleas and proceed with the case .
However the court accepted the pleas of the 'guilty' and asked the public prosecutor to say anything about the sentence .
Sir T. . delivered the following statement :
I believe these articles are part of an organised campaign held for years .
Secondly Mr Gandhi is an educated man and a politician and this makes the campaign even more harmful .
The court must consider the inevitable consequence of this campaign as well as the developments in recent events .
The offence of the second accused is not so gross and yet serious .
In his case a heavy fine should be made . "
When Gandhiji was asked to say something he wrote his memorable words : " I must say that before reading my statement I say that what the Advocate General has said about me .
I take the responsibility of crime in Bombay Presidency Madras and elsewhere .
It is true that I should know the consequences of my action .
I believe I was playing with fire but if I was released I will do this .
I consider it necessary to do so as my duty to my people .
I do not want your kindness .
The court must perform its duties .
He wrote : " It was a historic presentation of a master ' s की of reasoned logic . high thinking and all these things had a direct effect on all including the judge and the Advocate General .
For a moment everybody wondered at which trial was going on whether Mahatma Gandhi stood before the British judge or whether in the shadow of God and humanity.
Mahatmaji finished reading his statement and for a few minutes there was complete silence .
The Advocate General then pointed out that under Section 27 - B of the Criminal Procedure Code the court might convict the accused on their pleas or proceed with the case .
According to Section 124 - A : " Ordinary accused plead guilty ; in this plea be recorded and he should be convicted . "
It was therefore necessary for the prosecution to proceed as the charges were first very serious and secondly in other public interest it was desirable to conduct a thorough enquiry into the premises .
But before that he wanted to listen to the Advocate General who did not write anything about the alleged articles of the accused but was responsible for the planned campaign left by Young India in 1921 .
Again in the court some of the eight pieces of the said newspaper were read out of which the liability of the accused was discussed and this obligation was to preach rebellion against the British Government and prepare the country for civil disobedience .
I have to see only one side of your character .
My work is only to judge you as a man of justice - a man who has broken the law and who has seen a common man and made serious offences against the state .
There are few people in India who do not sincerely regret that you should not be free .
I want to make a balance between you and what seems to me in the interest of the public .
I propose to propose a sentence which had been given in a similar case in a case similar to that of the present twelve years ago .
He was finally convicted and sentenced to six years of imprisonment .
And I want to say that if the Government decides to reduce or release your sentence in the future circumstances then no one will be happier than me . "
Again in the words of Justice शेलेट why this trial is regarded as a great historic trial why he is more important than the previous trials of leaders and patriots .
Of course not because of the personality of the accused but because of its extraordinary influence on those intimate Indians and not because of its consequences in India but by its basic issue .
The same issue had elevated the trial to such heights .
Though he was one of the earliest trials of such nature he had fought against the trials and tribulations and all other patriots and against injustice and also because he had discovered the Mahatma .
In the history of criminal trials in India it was a trial in which the defendant had not spent any expenses for his defence .
There was neither a defence counsel nor judicial advice but the accused gained eternal glory in the moral and judicial horizon of India .
The Meerut conspiracy case trial was one of the most notorious trials in British rule .
M. N. Roy and the rest of the British civilian prisoners were arrested in March 1929 and kept in jail custody during the trial .
They were charged under Section 121 - A of the Indian Penal Code .
The trial became notorious on account of its unprecedented duration .
To provide education to such students Rabindranath and some other educators had come together and set up a Council to enforce the national education scheme and become the first principal .
It was in this conference that Tagore delivered a series of lectures on the principles of literature which were later published in literature .
He hoped that by leading the popular discontent against foreign rule he would be able to link this new zeal to a dynamic programme of national reconstruction .
He visualized and outlined such a programme through a series of important lectures and essays in which he had often conceived all the basic principles before and turned into a nation - wide mass movement under the leadership of Mahatma Gandhi .
He lacked the Mahatma his tireless patience and his firm insistence his calm judgement and unruffled ambition was not a gift of leadership .
For a short time Rabindranath gave his vigour to the storm but as soon as it assumed the strongest form of the inevitable movement he retired from the battle - field as a विदा .
The struggle which he had inspired as a hero was severely criticized for giving up in the middle of his life but we must also keep in mind that Tagore did not know his own limits and was wise .
Apart from social and national problems he also wrote a large number of essays on the philosophy of education literary criticism लोक public literature शक्ति power and suggestion and also wrote many सामाजिक and व्यंग्यपूर्ण पार which he published in 1906 .
This symbolic title signifies the keen desire of the poet ' s mood the मांझी and the crossing of the river is associated with the waiting waiting for a man .
The trial started in the Sessions Court in the first week of June 1929 .
The prosecution counsel who conducted the case for the Crown produced some more witnesses on behalf of the prosecution .
Once the prosecution evidence was over Bhagat Singh felt that it was time for detailed statements on his object .
He worked hard to prepare his written statement .
On 6 June Asaf Ali sent this statement to the court on behalf of Bhagat Singh and Dutt .
This historical statement is a masterly document based on revolutionary and Marxian theories and brings out a revolutionary chapter in the history of Indian revolutionary ideas .
The statement was so touching that three of the four assessors could not hide their tears.
What are the allegations made on us in the lower court are correct or wrong ?
For the first half of the question we have an answer although the so - called " eye witness " has given in this case the witness is utterly false .
The witnesses who have deposed that they saw bombs being thrown by us are lying .
A bomb was necessary to awaken England from her dreams.
We dropped the bomb in the Assembly and showed opposition to those who had no other way to express their anguish .
Our only purpose was to hear सुनाना and warn the government from time to time .
Like us and people have also realised that the upper peace of Indian humanity in the Pacific Sea is at any time a terrible storm .
We have only hoisted the Danger Signal 'to those who are speeding off without fear .
We only want to tell the people that the era of ' imaginary ' violence ' has ended now and there has been no doubt in its futility . "
On the other hand we once again want to make it clear that we respect human life and throw away our lives in the service of humanity without hurting any person . "
Recognizing the concept of revolution it was said in the राजनीतिक statement : " It is only an effective way of tackling the great social problems of our times . This is the effective way of getting the farmer and the workers a greater part of the people .
The melancholy and agony that the poet had to suffer in the immediate past had given him strength to bear and ready for the future change .
Among these songs ( some of which were mostly थे और and थे ) among them eleven are later included in his English अंग्रेजी अंग्रेजी and The गार्डनर गार्डनर अंग्रेजी and अंग्रेजी .
" Who has held you in these unbreakable chains. "
The prisoner replied : " I myself have touched this chain with great absorption .
Thinking that my chain would bind the whole world .
And so I laboured at it at least at night लोहे iron in the fire .
When the chain was ready I found myself in its कडियों . "
The poet has depicted himself as a भीख at one place and on the one day when he proceeds to beg for alms ; a prince stands before him and says with folded hands .
.
What can he give ?
Kundan Lal and Prem Dutt were awarded imprisonment for seven and five years respectively .
Ajay Ghosh . J . N . Sanyal and सान्याल were acquitted.
Of those absconding Bhagwati Charan met with an accident in May 1930 in May 1930 and Chandra Shekhar Azad was killed in a पुलिस in Azad Park in Allahabad in February 1931 .
Even after the death sentence was pronounced this judicial war was not over .
The defence council formed by some distinguished individuals had decided to make a petition to the Privy Council to challenge the ordinance appointing a Special Tribunal and the extension of the Indian freedom movement abroad .
On February 10 1930 the petition was rejected by the Privy Council .
On 14 February 1931 Pandit Madan Mohan Malaviya instead of losing it appealed to the Viceroy and asked him to undergo a change of transportation for life on a human basis by using his prerogative of mercy .
On 16th February 1931 जीवन जीवन जीवन and शाम Lal filed a petition of habeas corpus in High Court and the validity of proposed sentence held that the execution of death was no longer in October 1930 .
The freedom fighters in their struggle against the British were further united .
The Government decided to be hanged on 23 March 1931 .
After his release he joined the Indian National Congress .
At the time of World War II he resigned from the Congress on the controversial issue of helping the British Government .
Then he seemed so lonely .
On May 10 1924 when the trial was over and before the Kanpur trial was concluded and सेशन Lieutenant - Colonel Cecil अभियोक्ता appealed to the District Magistrate to issue a warrant for arrest of M . N . Roy . Roy .
This warrant was issued to था था .
It was presumed that it would be sent to England for business because according to Scotland Yard ' s advice was likely to reach England and Europe .
M. N. Roy arrived in India in December 1930 .
During the Sessions trial Roy wanted to make a lengthy statement in his defence . But he was not permitted .
Later the statement was smuggled out from jail and under the caption जेल .
It is an extraordinary judicial document which places its place in judicial history .
The detailed knowledge of M . N . Roy provides ample proof of understanding and effort .
He then made a request under Section 121 - A of the Indian Penal Code in connection with the conspiracy to deprive His Majesty ' s sovereignty of India and challenged its legality and दंड .
He said that the British Government in India was " a machine of ब्रिटिश and की and that the people of India were not committed to any allegiance to the British Empire " and had the right to revolt.
He upheld his arguments with quotations from Locke लॉक . . . . and other political philosophers and न्याय who wrote on the heels of the British conquest of India .
He replied to the accusation of the intention of using a criminal " force.
There is strength in fact .
Roy was sentenced to 12 years' transportation .
Immediately a High Court was appointed and if necessary an appeal was made to the Privy Council .
Since all Rammohun friends except साम्यवाद Singh were living in other parts of the country they were given full responsibility to arrange an appeal but unfortunately orthodox communism had declined a few months before the hearing .
Towards the end of 1932 he returned to Europe .
With his sudden departure Roy could not prepare for the hearing of his appeal .
It was difficult to arrange the papers of the whole case which were under the supervision of ब्रजेश Singh .
Most of Roy ' s loyal supporters and many left - wing nationalists who had come forward in support of him were now heard of an appeal by the judge Thomas in jail on 28 May 1933 .
The appeal was hotly debated by the young and competent counsel Dr . N . Katju ' s co - operated with the help of D . Sanyal though the government advocate appeared on behalf of the Empire .
Before the establishment of such a communist government the existing Constitution of India and the sovereignty of the emperor was to be destroyed .
November 1907 was a period of supreme tragedy of his family life when his youngest son - the beloved and brilliant son . who was more or less like his father and died five years before his mother died .
During the last five tempestuous years Tagore had suffered much in his family life .
He had lost his wife and two children : Of the three surviving children she had been living beyond her husband ; the eldest son had been sent to बंगाल in America for training in agriculture .
For him this solitude was just the same thing as during his solitude at Shelidah .
And the heavy shade of sorrow that lay on his heart अभिव्यक्त in his heart .
Though he had learnt that in the midst of his sorrow he did not दूषित his art in the muddy waters of his sorrow his poetry which was the medium of a higher love would be more dedicated to God .
Though his literary talent was regarded as iron all by malicious and restricted acceptance it is said that a large number of orthodox and conservative students had been put before him in prison for a long time and asked him to write to him in Bengali .
In his lifetime he reached the peak of popularity when he led the mass movement against the partition of Bengal but this was a small period of time and was why he was not always blamed for it .
They had alienated the ruling authorities who had issued secret circulars asking the government servants and loyalists not to send their children to their school .
The seventh charge : Section 41 ( against the said Captain P . Sehgal . ) .
He campaigned against Section 109 of the Indian Penal Code for offence punishable under Section 302 IPC.
Eight charges : Section 41 ( against the said Lt. Gurbaksh Singh Dhillon ) .
That he did commit murder.
" खिलाफ : Section 41 ( against the said Captain P . Sehgal alone ) .
Committing a offence against Section 109 of the Indian Penal Code which is punishable under Section 302 IPC.
" Tenth Charge: I. A. Section 41 ( only of the said Captain Shah Nawaz Khan alone )
Sir N . P . Engineer started the case by the prosecution saying that the accused were officers of the Indian Army and that being loyal to His Majesty the King the army were subject to the Army Act .
Tracing the history of the establishment of the Indian National Army he said that Subhas Chandra Bose had left India in January 1942 in Kabul and from there to Germany .
Moreover they were considered political spies and were kept under surveillance .
And thus with external circumstances they were entirely dependent on their inner resources before inner necessity .
His religious poems in this period published in धार्मिक धार्मिक and धार्मिक were full of आवेगपूर्ण dedication and extreme simplicity and blood of his heart reached its culmination .
His religious insight like the great saints and mystics was born of deeply experienced sorrow and solitude .
The most important thing about this deep religious insight was that it enriched his love for the earth and its life .
He sought his presence not only in the privacy of the Self but in every transformation of his play in the outer world .
As in Tagore ' s other plays it has been staged on the open dais since nature is not merely the background of these plays but also as an active character .
After cross - examination by the defence counsel three accused were lodged .
Captain Shah Nawaz Khan questioned the authority of the court to try him .
In his statement he explained how and why he joined the Indian National Army .
" In short there was a question of choosing between the King or the country before me .
I decided to be loyal to my country and promised to Netaji that I would give my life to the country .
Sir I wish to tell you that any mercenary army or army of भाडे might not have suffered like the Indian National Army .
We fought only for the freedom of India .
I have not even refused to participate in this war but I did so as a member of the regular fighting forces of the Provisional Government of Free India who fought according to the rules of civilised warfare for their motherland .
The trial conducted by me in this military court is also illegal .
The defence party also proved that the duties which were the basis of charges were carried out during the organised action of a government which claimed the status of a state against the Japanese and the states .
Interesting questions regarding the law of war were discussed .
The existence of war was entirely a question of fact.
When a struggle takes place in the form of war the decision is determined not by the relation between the two warring powers but by the method of struggle .
If by using the right of rebellion to be called the holy people of a state rose and that struggle becomes a mass movement then it is entitled to be called a हथियार power .
In other words if during the struggle for freedom the subject people will rise to such a situation as can be said to be a war fought by an organised army with all the privileges and concessions in warfare .
The declaration of a war situation provides incentives for the action taken during the war but for the freedom of liberty the युद्ध or fail in warfare .
The successful revolt of the international law विद्रोह the established government .
But if the rebellion fails even if their struggle was a fight done by an organised army they were entitled to be called युद्ध .
So far as the allegiance of the officers of the Indian army involved in the I. N. A. was concerned it could be said that their allegiance was to the king and the country .
Before Sheikh Abdullah is convicted these questions must be considered and weighed with deep responsibility in the light of the inevitable consequences .
The mischief caused by the speeches of the accused or by his arrest is much greater than he is punished .
The remedy sought is worse than the disease .
You convict and बंदी a person and all possibility of reconciliation between the ruler and the ruled is over .
Please do not force the people to think that raising their voices by their leaders mean mere कैद punishment misery and misery .
Let them feel that the ruler remains for his subjects ; he has the courage to appreciate the feelings and sentiments of his people and to say that he is determined to overlook the mistakes of his subjects .
One conviction will not solve the problem; it will make remedy worse than disease ; it will take thousands of people to नाराजगी and non - cooperation .
The court gave the following order: Offences under Section 124 - A of the Ranjit अदालत code are proved .
He is convicted under the above Section on the three counts and sentenced to three years' simple imprisonment and fine of rupees 500 on each count .
On default of payment of fines they will have to undergo simple imprisonment for three to three months .
कारावास sentences of imprisonment accompanying them . "
Sheikh Abdullah was convicted on 10th September 1946 .
On 15 August 1947 India became free .
His Highness the princely State of Kashmir had no other alternative but to release Sheikh Abdullah and was therefore released on 29th September 1947 .
Kashmir ' s lion became the first chief minister of Kashmir soon .
The trial of Sheikh Abdullah greatly inspired the movement of Kashmir थी which had failed in other parts of India .
The speech of Sheikh Abdullah delivered by 10 शाही 12 को 14 and 16th May 1946 and Asaf Ali ' s spirited defence of the Kashmir' paved the way for the dedication of the rulers of various princely states in India .
What is unicode ?
Unicode provides a special number for each character है
No matter how प्लैटफॉर्म
whether any programs are ,
Whatever language it may be .
The computer . are basically dealing with कम्प्यूटर numbers .
These collect letters and characters by assigning a number for each letter and character .
There were hundreds of different encoding systems before Unicode was invented .
No single encoding can contain enough letters : for example the European Union alone needs several different encodings to cover all its भाषाऒं .
For a language like English the alphabet was not sufficient for the technical symbols of all the letters अक्षरों अक्षरों and common use .
These encoding systems are conflicting .
That is why two encodings can use the same number for two different characters : अक्षरों or different अक्षर for the same letter .
Any computer ( especially servers ) has to accept various encodings ; yet when data is sent between two different encodings or scripts it is always a risk of losing data .
Unicode is transforming everything .
Unicode calculator provides a special number for each letter - no matter how many programs - - - no matter how many languages do they have .
The Unicode Standard has been adopted by leading companies of industry such as उद्योग सन सन सन सन सन सन सन सन सन सन सन सन and many others .
Unicode requirements are required for modern parameters such as X M . N . जावा Java script ( Java script ) . ( p . पी ) जावा ( p . m .
It occurs in many operating systems - all modern products and many other products .
The origin and availability of its supporting devices are among recent global software technology trends .
The expenditure on using non - traditional devices such as ग्राहक - servers or multiple - - - - - - - - - - - is excessive savings .
Unicode provides a single software product or one - only website that can be used in various non - engineering languages and countries .
This allows data to be moved through various systems without any restriction .
Unicode के is an organization without profit - making organization set up to provide a representation of text in modern software products and standards विकास development extension and use of it .
The members of this company include various corporations and organizations in the सदस्यों computer and information industry .
Membership in Unicode . is open to organizations and individuals anywhere in the world who support Unicode and want to help in its expansion and implementation .
For more information visit the , glossary . - यूनिकोड Unicode Enabled Products . Technical Introduction and Useful source .
- K . V . P . V . S . वायु is a combination of air water and soil that is known in technical language respectively as वातावरण जल and मिट्टी .
Not only the valuable non - renewable resources have been indiscriminately destroyed but in the process man has created many kinds of dangers for generations to come.
No country or place at this time there is a hue and cry about pollution .
Pollution दूषित the air and जहरीला the water .
To meet the growing demand for energy hydro - electric thermal and nuclear power stations are being set up .
The real result of all this is pollution of air and water everywhere.
More and more people have now settled in cities and have significantly increased air pollution in cities .
According to the 1991 census the population in the country was estimated to be around में million . it increased to about 150 per cent in 30 years .
Some of these things are carried away by the wind the rain and the rivers to remote areas .
These substances are also found in high mountains and तट swamps and are hazardous for human beings animals birds and fish .
It is found that the cancer of the lungs has increased by 50 per cent in a specific area in Russia and the birth defects in children have increased by 30 per cent . In fact these are the most common causes .
Another kind of pollution that has recently been the subject of discussion is radiation which results from an increase in nuclear power and nuclear weapons .
The radioactive materials enter the atmosphere and water causing पानी .
The number of ongoing nuclear power stations is still very small and are considered relatively safe but they can lead to environmental and health problems .
Mining operations particularly in reserve forests and sanctuaries are posing a serious threat to the environment .
For example the खदानों shelter located in the Aravalli hills of Rajasthan known for the world over for tigers has now become a dumping ground for mining .
As a result all kinds of animals including the tiger are virtually fighting for their liberation .
Lastly mention may be made of pollution caused by noise .
pollution.
It is like a तलवार sword hanging on our head .
Man himself is walking on the path of suicide - his pistol is pollution .
We have poisoned air water and soil with pollutants .
We have scattered the natural communities affecting their survival in the complex system of the great chain of life .
We shall soon बिगाड the balance of the natural forces of the earth and the oceans to be disastrous to humanity .
We have reached a point where we have to protect the environment from getting polluted .
The air pollution was never so bad as it is now .
Industrial progress though we have a lot of औद्योगिक but we must ensure that the air we breathe is not contaminated . "
For example a 500 - MW thermal power stations release 2 000 tonnes of fly ash every day .
Besides there are other important industries which promote air pollution viz . cement steel and ore processing industries .
The automobile exhausts are also not less dangerous than the industrial smoke .
It is reported that automobiles at Greater Calcutta alone spew about 1500 tonnes of pollutants into the atmosphere every day .
To meet the needs of a growing population every day the number of buses plying on the roads are increasing .
The number of vehicles in Delhi was around 19 lakh सडकों in Chennai City about 5 lakh सडकों .
It is estimated that about 4.7 million tonnes of धुआं tonnes of smoke and toxic fumes discharged every day .
You will be shocked to find a large amount of air pollution that is going on in the city alone in India ?
These pollutants include - million tonnes of carbon monoxide.
It is important to mention about the thermal power stations in India which are about 66 at present and give about one lakh tonnes of fly ash per day .
In Bombay about 2971 tonnes of pollutants pollute the air every day - LRB - 1 . tonnes of pollutants - RRB - are discharged by industries 1 टन tonnes of motor vehicles and 62 tonnes from domestic fumes .
The average yield of the sulphur present in the atmosphere of the सल्फर is due to the safe margin and in some areas it has crossed the danger margin .
In the words of N . K . वायु Delhi ' s pollution can be described as ' the fourth most polluted city in the world .
Persons affected by diseases like anaemia are more susceptible to diseases because carbon monoxide may lead to serious injuries .
It is found that low levels of sulphur dioxide cause temporary damage to the soft muscles of the श्वसनी .
Sulphur dioxide also affects those tissues that protect the respiratory system and cause respiratory problems such as shortness of breath and spasm .
It also causes severe irritation in the eyes leading to आंसू and tears .
Hydrogen sulphide is distinguished by a smell like a हाइड्रोजन egg .
Lead from automobile exhaust fumes is a cumulative poison that क्षतिग्रस्त the brain of the children .
औद्योगिक ( US ) industrial accident reported that 20 per cent of the canary birds and 15 per cent dogs were affected .
Among cattle sheep and horses lead poisoning is very common .
On the edge of the roads there is a large amount of lead deposits and animals grazing on these grasses are found in their जानवर and lead to lead poisoning .
Air containing ozone acts as an inflammatory agent causing changes in the lungs to dogs cats and rabbits and bleeding.
Although the animals found in the air do not directly affect the जानवरों but when they have continued to eat यु crops they will probably produce a यु दांतों on the teeth .
Excessive enlargement of the bone becomes abnormal .
Diarrhoea has also been seen to be a major contributor to फ्लुओराइड weight फ्लुओराइड fertility and reduced milk etc .
Liberia ' s oil tanker ran टकरा on the south - east coast of Great Britain and about 60,000 gallons of crude oil were spreading into the sea .
Because of the thick layers of this oil many fish and water birds died.
This accident excited the world to the dangers of oil तेल
The damage caused by the फट of a well lying in the sea in 1969 caused by the damage caused by the drag of the Santa Barbara सांता California .
This accident not only affected the shore of the sea but also led to the death of some birds and other animals .
Soon after the spill it was believed that the portion of the sea had become a ' पारिस्थितिक desert ' but recent investigations reveal that damage was not serious .
In 1978 a large oil tanker टकरा on the banks of Alaska were hit by a sea - rock and this led to a million gallons of oil .
When the oil तेल reached the shore about one lakh birds died.
और and स्तनपायी ( a mammal resembling dolphin in appearance ) resulted in poisoning of the oil and they sat in the bottom of the sea .
नहीं accidents are not even low in India ; an American tanker टकरा ran off the तलहटी Island ( Lakshadweep ) and spilled over 5000 tonnes of special navy fuel .
In 1976 a Greek tanker disappeared off the coast of भारत and this tanker did not find any dust but were seen near the western sea coast of India on the surface of the flooded seas .
Sometimes deliberately फैल oil from the drop of oil into the sea ( as during the Gulf War of 1991 ) .
The layer of oil stretched over a 100 km long and 15 kilometres wide area and was half metres thick .
Such a ' terrorism ' can alter the ecology of the region in the future .
This was done in ancient times .
All this was done to minimise damage to the environment and this policy was adopted by the तेल in the Gulf War .
Millions of sea birds were threatened.
हुए oil on their body could not dive into the water for catching fish and dying of hunger .
According to an assessment the number of floating tar at any time on the surface of the Arabian Sea can be around 3 700 tonnes ; this is at least 1 100 tonnes in the South Bengal Gulf .
Due to constant exposure to the oil - layer in the sea most coral reefs in the Indian Ocean region - Lakshadweep द्वीप in the Andaman and Nicobar Islands the , and पश्चिमी in the South - west part of the निकोबार - निकोबार were almost absent .
To avoid damage caused by oil तेल some of the following practices may be adopted .
The oil slick should be burnt .
Oil is extracted from the surface by a suction device .
. the oil into the sea is another measure of capturing the tiny particles of a solid substance with high density for this purpose or spreading it in such a way that it is best to engulf it .
7 . Have you heard of the heap of solid मानव ?
Is it possible to make such a mountain ?
It is not surprising that every urban area has a small hill ranges .
Table - 3 The quantum of solid wastes in India the city solids per day ( tonne of solid wastes ) solid wastes - LRB - New Delhi - RRB - शहर Bombay Chennai Bangalore ( टन )
Such wastes are generated by coal and mineral industries . mining industries metallurgical engineering industries and thermal power stations .
According to one report about 50 per cent of the raw material ultimately becomes waste and 15 per cent is toxic or harmful .
Millions of tonnes of metal are disposed of particularly iron and steel plants by treating heavy amounts of solid wastes by treating industrial effluents .
Another important solid waste that needs attention is waste .
This waste includes waste material organs सिरिंज टीके अवशोषक glass etc .
अस्पतालों discarded by hospitals and clinics in large amounts produces serious health problems .
Ordinances have been promulgated not to dump such waste and to protect them from the specially prepared characters and finally to burn .
Why is solid wastes so serious ?
In low - rainfall areas this is useful manure because it maintains moisture and releases nutrients gradually .
Experiments are being made to obtain glucose and alcohol from the अल्कोहल present in the heap of कचरे .
Thermal power stations produce large quantities of fly ash and disposal is a global problem .
The fly ash is a fine ash produced by burning coal in thermal power stations and accounts for about 80 - 85 per cent of the total ash produced .
There are 66 thermal power stations in India which produce about three to four million tonnes of fly ash per annum .
These are either dried up in gunny bags or converted into slurry ( to stop air pollution ) and this slurry is put into a tank of ash from where it is discharged into a nearby river .
The latest data shows that if the fly ash has been thrown continuously for years it will require over 283 square kilometres of land and will cause serious ecological problems .
Research continues to be carried out all over the world to tap the fly ash to avoid too much water and the problem of land .
On the whole in 26 countries there are बिजलीघर power plants with a capacity of 316,000 MW having an installed capacity of about 100 units .
In India also there are nuclear power stations but not as large as in the West .
A fire in the plant led to excessive flow of radiation .
These clouds of radioactive fumes went to यूरोप in East Europe causing considerable damage to crops and livestock.
This however does not reduce the advantages of nuclear power stations over power stations utilising conventional fuels such as coal and oil .
On comparison with other sources of energy the ऊर्जा source is clean compact and concentrated.
The nuclear power stations do not produce sulphur dioxide ( because of acid rain ) do not produce the principal responsible for हाउस carbon dioxide ( green house ) but do not produce heavy metals .
These also cost less because they need small pieces of land to establish them and generate too much electricity than one kilogram of uranium - 238 .
( who are allowed to bite the forest officials काट may cut off more पेडो for business purposes ( both new and old ) .
To earn more money in a short time the illegal felling of cattle has destroyed forests from very large areas .
Mining is also a major cause for such denudation of forests .
We need minerals but we must preserve our rich forests .
Unfortunately it took a long time to understand the government that due to mining the felling of forests was threatening our future generations .
For example mining of बाक्साइट hills in Madhya Pradesh has led to a rapid decline of forests .
The fourth reason is to transform the forest areas into cultivable land .
Among such forest areas apples and tea cultivation are major agricultural activities .
The forests have been cut off from a large part of the Himalayan region for apple cultivation .
To maintain a healthy ecological balance one - third of the country ' s total land area should be covered with forests of fact only 10 per cent of the land .
If we have to raise the area of the country ' s forests along with the schemes of afforestation - land and fallow land .
The afforestation plans to meet the demand for fuel से fodder . etc . and also protect the environment .
They should install more trees and protect the tree .
We have to think about ourselves not only as a beneficiary but also as trustee of the property which we meet through our forests .
Our slogan should be followed by a tree today and look after it every day .
is in .
Man ' s greed has reduced natural resources and resources .
If steps are not taken on a war footing the earth will lose its ability to feed us and deprive us and all other living beings .
Above all human attitudes are more important than environmental protection .
If each citizen decides not to waste the garbage and not to understand the streets in the street most urban and rural areas health problems will be resolved .
It is a foolish folly to destroy our forests in the name of progress and spoil our ecological balance .
Due to lack of far - reaching plans urbanization has transformed many urban and semi - urban areas into business jungles .
Urban growth spread of agriculture building of dams and destruction of forests have destroyed wildlife habitats.
Many species of organisms and उपप्रजातियों have become extinct .
Besides destroying wildlife habitats we are poisoning animals and their food from other chemicals .
These chemicals are killing fish birds and beneficial insects .
But as is usual the first influence is far more vivid and lasting and Tagore was accepted as a religious and philosophical poet from the beginning of his life in the West .
His own personality.
- Pound who saw both the poet had tried to understand the image correctly but his voice was alone .
He reviewed the द्वीप in the Free द्वीप and wrote : " Why are the good men of the island unable to respect a good artist and possibly make them better in their lives ?
While he was given respect his health was already better .
On November 13 when he was announced to get the Nobel Prize for Gitanjali he was in Santiniketan and was indeed happy and happy all over the country .
What a poet was feeling ?
It was humane to have such experience .
The patriot in him also felt happy because his country ' s name had come to the world ' s literary map and he was proud to find it possible .
But sitting inside him a sensitive poet was not unaware of the fact that the days of a quiet and uninterrupted pursuit of his vocation as a poet were yet to be spent .
After five days Tagore wrote to Rothenstein : " There is a storm of great excitement among the people .
It is almost the same thing as a dog ' s tail.
I have been greatly impressed by the stars and letters I have received during the last few days and have never been friendly to me - or who have never heard a single line of my reading - they are loudest in their अतिरेक .
This melancholy and stern thoughts appeared on 23 November when a good नागरिकों of more than five hundred distinguished citizens working in various fields of Calcutta arrived at Santiniketan with a special train .
In his blunt and poetic words the poet told him that he could not accept this honour because it was a sort of disguise .
The audience among his audience who were always his admirers and admirers understood that it was meant to be futile but the people who had made all their zeal cold never forgave him .
Though he was awarded for a prize for a purely personal work . whose poetic excellence and the ultimate ideal had been universally acknowledged was the fact that it was a prize which was otherwise suited for an Asian purpose .
The news was taken everywhere.
The records of the Selection Committee show that this proposal was हैरानी for the Swedish Academy .
The two members whose eloquent and valuable support impressed the decision of the Nobel Committee were the - who received the Nobel Prize after three years .
In a way it is against its nature to associate an economic prize with purely religious poetry .
It is almost the same thing as money can be provided to the songs of David ' s भजन or St. Francis .
If such questions are made about modern European poetry there will be no such comparison even if there are thousands of qualities in it and this is not so unusual in the case of poetry .
In its expression this classic is हुए and there is no need for a thought - provoking self - expression in it and there is no need for any creative structure which has been accomplished by mere mention of words .
It is natural for a Brahmin woman in a poem of की to draw water from a spring in अंग्रेजी and स्पर्श it with her hands because the water is really touched by her hands . "
It is not confined to the understanding of the oriental life but can be seen even in European art as far as possible .
But I do not mean that his arrival leads to a new literary age which is best in the history of his language .
He was now as much for the world as for India .
And Rabindranath also believed that he had become world - famous but because he knew all over the world .
However there are many world - famous people who are अनिष्ट for the world and who have little to look beyond their nose .
This global consciousness which was deeply rooted in his mind - was a victim of a mad feeling among some people of his own country .
Being a Christian much better than a missionary he had broken off from his own institutions and as he had understood the true spirit of Christ Tagore was now in a position to serve the people and had become friends throughout his life .
Rabindranath Tagore who had hoped to achieve the emergence of a Mahatma in his dramas and poems by his brilliant कविताओं had already been in his consciousness and had the same reason for his career as रवीन्द्रनाथ and अफ्रीका when he left for South Africa .
What was the affection and respect for him and the spontaneous passion that burst upon him for the first time into the intensity that had painted our whole being with its own समुज्जवल glow .
The difference between us was even more puzzling - when we talked about them or interact with each other .
It was just when we discovered a new friendship with Mahatma Gandhi in a happy moment .
The two affections were blended very closely .
Often under the stars - filled sky we would sit motionless and talk to the beautiful शांतिनिकेतन sitting together with the Gurudev on the terrace of the little room at Santiniketan .
He was a golden moment of our lives and Mahatma Gandhi fully understood our allegiance to the Master .
He often told us of his keen desire to meet him .
And so we were all together in a loved circle .
The end of 1913 was marked by the Calcutta University conferring on Tagore a doctorate on 26 December 1913 .
His three works published in London The ? Moon and Chitra were all translated .
However during this year he wrote many songs - some during his stay abroad and some in India .
One of his poems written at the beginning of this year in the United States was remarkable in the sense that an allegory of buying and selling it was very effectively .
A rich man says he will be able to exchange them for gold a beautiful woman रिझाना him with her smile but the burden remains as long as she says something tiny to her .
There were a few more songs he continued to write - and which were not only छंदोबद्ध in metre and two volumes in 1914 1914 and गीतांजलि 1914 and गीतांजलि ? which were the finest examples of the next link in religious lore .
His faith in man ' s destiny was becoming more robust and he was more enthusiastic about life .
They read and read the joy and the young and the old and the young men all alike and their sweetness gave expression to a variety of moods and feelings .
The words used in these are so simple and और that they know that they are not from outside but here .
Now the poet calmly and restrained himself झेलता the whole struggle and is not afraid of suffering .
" How will you conquer sorrow if you flee ?
If you burn it in your own fire then there is nothing to burn .
I feel that for the West it has been a privilege to have this opportunity of absorbing the spirit of the east through the Bible .
It has infused your life because it is alien to your passion .
You may dismiss some of its theories and teachings according to the के - but in the meanwhile it has done its work .
Western literature too is the same thing for us and it is doing something in the elements of our life which supplement some of its concepts and some contradict our tendencies .
These stories may lack the sweet scent of fresh fruit but they had a good sense of well - prepared cheese .
The writer has expressed his courage in exposing the cowardice and selfishness of the हिंदू Hindu husband to injustice in a very subtle way which he says in the name of holy scriptures and tradition .
It is a story of brave young women . who is the daughter of a helpless father who is destined to deliverance from death : a beautiful युवती woman who by her own परिवार and daring to shed her husband .
It is Tagore ' s स्वतंत्रता that allows freedom to be proclaimed on her husband ' s mouth .
Needless to say the newspapers of Bengal reprimanded the author of these stories for being the spokesman of social justice and were insulted by the so - called leaders who openly gave expression to political injustice .
In a third story उन्होंने ( an unknown girl ) he has shown that a well - educated and brilliant Bengali woman is much more capable of than a life - ridden or emotional young man . In fact the young man . his mistake .
All these stories are narrated in the first person singular so that any central character can express his inmost and inmost feeling .
One of these is the story of बोष्टमी ( घर ) in which a devotee has left his home so that he can worship God .
Tagore was truly aware of a woman who according to him lived in a village in Bengal whose dedication he says was highly respected by her .
He did not approve of it .
For them the war was like a wound in the breast of humanity whose pain and horror had to be shared equally by all its members even though it seemed to be eliminated .
While speaking to his students at Santiniketan he stressed that the shadow of sin caused by his father fell upon his children and therefore all the boys must share their sins with crime and sin .
In one of his poems he says : All the sorrows of the earth its sins and sins have swelled like waves on the banks of the river and the sky .
Tagore wrote in these months of कविताएं and such poems ( at the same time in a कविताएं - कविताएं - कविताएं - कविताएं - कविताएं - कविताएं - कविताएं - कविताएं - कविताएं and sometimes घूमते with joy .
What is that which will end up in them will die or rise - - - it will not know them .
They are only too well - known to have to go on चलते they have to go on and if need be they have to go on without moving on their own .
All these poems were published in 1916 in a thin volume called कविता .
This booklet was dedicated to his young English friend अंग्रेज and was blessed by the exchanges which he used to go from time to time in his Himalayan journey .
The title of this monograph was put on a poem he wrote in Kashmir - where the poet in the evening ) ( ) ) gazing at the पंखों of the ) and suddenly retired from his darkness.
This migratory flight symbolises for him the eternal movement of all things moving or seemingly motionless ; the passage of time the unending quest of life and spirit the eternal cry of the heart .
Tagore must have found a picture of it for the poem is addressed to him .
The same basic idea of life perpetually कर itself in its continuity is that of हेमंत हेमंत उतार उतार reveals itself in the Spring by bringing out his mask - composed and वसंत in a funny वसंत - which he wrote for his children .
The play was staged both at Santiniketan and Calcutta where Tagore had played the dual role both as a poet and a blind बाउल .
A group of young people घेर about the aged Winter and परिधान in order to discover that it is no other spring .
Edward के who was present at the time of the first presentation of this play realised that it had the primeval music of the forest - that it could really thrive under the shade of a bamboo the spirit of the south breeze .
For his character रवीन्द्रनाथ is as great and creative as Tagore himself in his own fashion .
This however is more मनस्वितापूर्ण in one sense .
Moreover the religious belief of the medieval ages is much more powerful than in modern times .
Tagore is essentially modern ; Mahatma Gandhi is the St. Francis of आव of the present day .
After earning foreign acceptance abroad Tagore had become respectable in the eyes of the British Government in India .
Gone were the days when the Government servants were warned to send their children to their school .
Now the highest British dignitary in Bengal came to pay his respects to the poet .
Tagore heartily welcomed the honoured guest and elaborate arrangements were made in the asrama to welcome him .
He was also a patriot who criticised Tagore for honouring the representative of the foreign ruler .
