The appointed day or the last day of the allotted days shall be as such ; the Speaker forthwith puts every question necessary for the decision of the House on the original question .
24 Resolutions . A resolution is also a binding measure available to members and Ministers to discuss any matter of the common people in the House .
Unlike motions in general सदनों Draft of resolutions have been provided in the Rules of Procedure of both Houses.
Effect of Motions or Resolutions adopted by the House By voting on a motion or a resolution the House declares its opinion on the subject matter and becomes an order of the House .
As far as their impact is concerned resolutions passed by the Parliament fall in the following categories :
Resolutions expressing merely an opinion are not binding on the government .
The practice is that the decisions expressed in these resolutions are wholly dependent on the discretion of the government .
Resolutions adopted by the House in matters of its own proceedings are binding and have the force of law .
Their validity cannot be challenged in courts .
Resolutions having a statutory effect - if adopted are binding on the government and have the power of law .
In such a situation would the resolution be deemed to be a censure against the government ?
However after leave by the House if the member wants to withdraw his motion he can do so only with the permission of the House .
Notice of no - confidence motion can also be withdrawn by all the members who have signed the notice of the motion and it should be carried before the item is taken up in the House .
In that case the item in the House is not mentioned or brought before the House .
Rajya Sabha has no power to consider a no - confidence motion as the government under the Constitution is collectively responsible to the elected Lok Sabha only .
A censure motion is distinct from a no - confidence motion .
The motion of no - confidence does not refer to the reasons on which it is based but the censure motion requires a reference to such reasons or allegations and it is moved for the specific purpose of सरकार the government for certain policies and actions .
है motion is moved against the Council of Ministers or against any one minister or against some ministers or against some of them or against any of their policies in which the failure of any minister or ministers is खेद by the House .
The motion should be specific and self - explanatory so as to record the reasons for the censure precisely and briefly .
The Speaker ' s decision whether the motion is in order or not for any reason is final .
No leave of the House is required to move a censure motion .
It is not as if the government can tax borrow land and spend money .
Since resources of the State are limited proper budget provision is necessary for setting up scarce resources for various government purposes .
Every item of expenditure has to be well - thought out and the total outlay worked out for a specific period .
Plus - -
The budget of the Government of India is presented to both Houses of Parliament every year .
In other words the धन Budget envisages a lot of money to be spent on the item during the coming year and how much will it be raised or raised from where .
The important elements of the financial procedures followed in India are laid down in the Constitution which ensures the supremacy of the Lok Sabha in financial matters .
The Constitution provides that no tax shall be levied or collected except by the authority of Parliament and that the President shall in respect of each financial year cause an annual financial statement before both the Houses .
The draft bill was presented in a slightly revised form to the All Parties Conference at Delhi in 1925 .
The Committee published the bill .
Subsequently the bill was sent to an influential member of the Labour Party in Britain .
The Bill as introduced in the House of Commons was its first partition .
Though the fate of the Bill hanging down to its table after the defeat of the Labour Government it was still a major attempt by Indians to outline a constitutional system for India with the help of peaceful and constitutional means .
The acceptance of the famous proposal of Motilal Nehru in 1924 and 1925 in connection with national demand was a historical one because the Central Legislature for the first time endorsed the growing demand that India should be made by Indians .
It called upon the Congress Working Committee to frame a constitution for India in consultation with the elected members of the Central and Provincial Legislatures and leaders of political parties .
At this stage only verbal informal and ancillary modifications can be introduced .
Since the general principles of the Bill have been discussed and further examined there may be hardly any lengthy debate during the third reading .
For passing an ordinary Bill a simple majority of members present and voting is required .
So in a parliamentary system where government is formed with the help of a majority vote. Also the government Bill is generally passed .
Besides providing for any of the matters specified in the Constitution for a Money Bill other matters are also provided .
For the sake of convenience Financial Bills may be placed in the following two categories:
Category A Bill which gives धन to any of the matters referred to in the Money Act in Art. 110 but simply not provided for the same cases - - in which there is a mere taxation .
Category b Such Bills containing provisions involving expenditure from the Consolidated Fund .
Accordingly all Financial Bills are not Money Bills .
Only those Financial Bills may be Money Bills.
Besides there is a slight procedural difference between the passage of Money Bills and Financial Bills by both the Houses .
A Money Bill may be introduced only in the Lok Sabha on the recommendation of the President and the Rajya Sabha has no power to withhold its consent .
The Bills of this category contain two elements which are also found in a Money Bill ( i ) which cannot be moved in the Rajya Sabha and ( b ) only on the recommendation of the President .
The discussion helps the government to consider the subject if necessary a comprehensive bill may bring to itself .
Two - and - a - half hours are allotted on each alternate Friday for transaction of business relating to Private Members' Bills .
As far as the conditions and other general procedures of the non - official members in the House are concerned there is no difference between government bills and non - government Bills which are dealt in the same way as in the case of a private member .
If a member wants to introduce a Bill he / she has to give one month ' s notice unless the Speaker or the Chairman as the case may be allows introduction at a short notice .
The notice of the Bill has to be accompanied by a copy of the Bill and an explanatory Statement of Objects and Reasons .
Where a Bill if enacted is likely to involve expenditure from public funds a financial memorandum giving an estimate of expenditure involved is appended to the Bill by the member .
In case the Bill has proposals for delegated legislation a memorandum on delegated legislation is also appended to the Bill .
Moreover in Committees the government may willingly concede a point and accept constructive suggestions from Opposition members .
Last Committees provide useful forums for the utilisation of experience and ability that may otherwise remain untapped .
They also provide valuable training for future ministers and presiding officers .
They train a number of members not only in the manner in which administration is run but also in their day - to - day functioning as they learn of the problems faced by the administrators .
One of the important aspects of our Committee system is that the Committees act as a link between the Parliament and the people on the one hand and the government on the other .
Committees enable the general public institutions and even individual citizens to participate more directly and effectively in the consideration by the Parliament in matters directly affecting the people .
Committees enable experts to participate in the Parliament by taking oral evidence of representatives of the parties concerned to participate in the discussion on matters concerning the interests of institutions and organizations affected by measures pending or
This procedure helps in educating the public in the functioning of the parliamentary system and focusing their attention on important public issues .
If the policy is not properly implemented the policy may fail .
The policy may fail to achieve the desired goals either because of inefficiency or due to lack of proper organisation of the machinery available to implement it .
It is therefore always necessary to have a body which should examine the policy in action and bring about scrutiny of governmental organisation their procedures and practices .
Their performance could be assessed with reference to their efficiency and economy for both are interdependent .
Moreover there is no administrative system which can be 100 per cent free from problems like misuse of power abuse शक्ति indifference nepotism etc .
It is not possible to arrive at these aspects and facts of the प्रशासन administration without a thorough examination of the officials of the ministry or undertaking concerned.
The Financial Committees play a very important role as the watch dogs of the Parliament .
The responsibility for the administration to Parliament is not direct but it is through the ministers but in the Committees the civil servants are faced with the Committees .
Thus the control of these Committees is constantly comprehensive and direct in which all means of scrutiny are brought into being such as issuing forms of certificates delegation from representatives and non - governmental organizations and individuals seeking their संगठनों studies and evidence .
The three Financial Committees bring to light संसद waste and असावधानी in implementing policies and programmes approved by the Parliament .
The number of members allotted to the Indian States was also to be determined on the basis of the population which was adopted for British India but the method of their selection was to be settled later by consultation .
The Constitution - LRB - iii - RRB - was laid down ( of which 292 representatives of whom were drawn from eleven provinces under British India ' s Governors and 93 representatives from Indian states .
The Cabinet Mission recommended a basic structure for the Constitution and laid down in some detail the procedure followed by the Constitution - making body .
Elections for the seats allotted to the British provinces were completed by July - August 1946 .
The Congress won 208 seats including all the General seats except nine in all three seats and the Muslim League won over five out of five seats allotted to Muslims .
The details of the members chosen from the Legislative Assemblies of British India were as follows: ( i . e . the Scheduled Castes 1 Scheduled Tribes 1 the Scheduled Castes ) the Scheduled Tribes ( Sikhs ( ब्रिटिश ) 1 an independent government of India .
Moreover the members of the Muslim League Party of India after the adoption of the Plan of जून 3 June onwards also joined the Assembly .
The representatives of some of the Indian States had already come to the Assembly on 28 April 1947 .
By August 15 1947 most of the princely states were in the legislative assembly and the rest of the States also sent their representatives in due course .
The Chairman is the ex - officio Chairman of the Committee with the Deputy Chairman in Rajya Sabha with eleven members .
The Chairman of the Rajya Sabha is the ex - officio Chairman of the Committee .
The function of the Committee is to recommend how much time should be set for a legislative and other business to be transacted by the government .
In Rajya Sabha however the Committee also recommends the time that should be allocated for discussion on Private Members' Bills and Resolutions.
The Committee discharges such other functions as may be assigned to it by the Speaker or by the Chairman Rajya Sabha as the case may be from time to time .
The Committee on its own may recommend to the government to consider a particular subject for discussion in the House and to set time for such discussion .
The role of the Committee to assist the House in allocating time for various acts has always been very important .
At the sittings of the Committee the atmosphere is cordial and the spirit of interaction between the government and the Opposition has been very pronounced .
Committee on Private Members' Bills and Resolutions : This Committee of Lok Sabha consists of 15 members with the Deputy Speaker as its Chairman .
The Committee thus performs the same function in relation to Private Members' Bills and Resolutions as the Business Advisory Committee does in regard to government business .
There is no such Committee in the Rajya Sabha .
The सदस्यो Committee of the members from the sittings of the House provides in the Constitution that if any member of either House has been absent from all the Houses for a period of 60 days from all the sittings of the House .
In order to facilitate the Lok Sabha constituted a Committee of 15 members to consider requests from members seeking leave of absence from the House .
In the Rajya Sabha such matters are considered by the House itself .
The functions of the Committee are : ( i ) to consider all cases received from members for leave of absence from the sittings of the House ; and ( two ) to investigate every case in which a member has been released from the sittings of the House .
The Committee also performs such other functions in connection with the attendance of members of the House as may be assigned to it by the Speaker from time to time .
Rules Committee : Each House has a Rules Committee .
In Lok Sabha the Rules Committee consists of 15 members including the Speaker who is the ex - officio Chairman of the Committee .
In the Rajya Sabha the Chairman and the Deputy Chairman are 16 members of the Committee .
Suggestions for amendments or additions to the Rules can be made by any member of the House minister or the Committee itself .
The Committee thus acts as an Ombudsman or Public Grievances Committee .
The Committee of सदन : Each House of Parliament has individually and collectively some privileges from the House to which they are subject to certain powers and duties without which the House and its members cannot effectively discharge their functions .
When a question of breach of privilege arises even though the House is competent to deal with it it is generally referred to the Committee of Privileges existing in either House for examination investigation and reporting .
The Committee of Privileges is constituted usually by the Presiding Officers of the respective Houses.
It has 15 members in Lok Sabha and 10 members in Rajya Sabha .
The functions of the Committee are of semi - judicial nature and it contains wide powers .
Though its findings are subject to the ultimate decision of the House it enjoys the confidence of the House and its recommendations are seldom rejected .
The Committee plays an important role in safeguarding the powers and prestige of Parliament and Parliament .
Ans: Yes. The Committee on Information Technology consists of a Committee on Government उ questions in the House .
To monitor the implementation of such assurances each House of Parliament has constituted a Committee on Government assurances .
The Committee keeps a constant watch to ensure that the Government implements its recommendations .
Through its reports the Committee has tried to control and regulate the vast discretionary powers enjoyed by the administration with the main objective of protecting the citizens against the misuse of authority by the administration .
Late Shri G. V. Mavalankar the First Speaker of Indian Parliament held that the Committee on Subordinate Legislation is the protector of the duties of the House and keeps the administration within bounds according to the wishes of the Parliament .
The Committee on Papers Laid on the Table : At every session the government lays before the Parliament its statements statements statements statements statements reports and papers either in pursuance of constitutional provisions or in reply to questions or suo के to inform members of Parliament on various matters .
Some of these reports / papers may be referred to various parliamentary committees including the Committee on Subordinate Legislation but most of them remain to be examined in detail by the Committee on Papers Laid on the Table which is constituted by either House of Parliament .
The Committee has 15 members in Lok Sabha and 10 members in Rajya Sabha .
The Committee examines all the papers placed on the Table of the House and reports in pursuance of such delay in pursuance of the provisions of the Constitution under which it is placed on the Table of the House or under the Act विनियम Rules or Regulations .
Thus the Committee aims at regulating Parliamentary control in areas of administration in which it was not till it was constituted in 1975 .
The constitution of India provides several safeguards for the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes as well as the machinery to watch their implementation .
The Commissioner of Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes makes a regular report to the President who is later placed before him to discuss in Parliament the recommendations made by the Commissioner of Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes in an effective manner .
The possibility of a close scrutiny by a parliamentary committee has a salutary effect on the administration .
Many act of negligence nepotism and waste are not committed for the fear that they can be looked into and exposed to public gaze by a Parliamentary Committee .
There is no doubt that the Committees of the Lok Sabha have proved a helpful adjunct to the Indian political system .
By continuing vigilance and fair and constructive evaluation of the functioning of the government departments the Committees have made a distinct contribution to the effective working of the Parliament and have played an important role in सुदृढ parliamentary institutions in the country .
It was being considered for a long time in various fields that the Committee of the Indian Parliament needed to further improve and strengthen the organisation and make it more pronounced on account of the increasing complexity and complexity of the functioning area of the modern state .
It is through such Committees that the Parliament can keep a watch over government activities and can consider all proposals emanating from the executive within their subject areas such as the legislative budget and other .
Seventeen Departmental Committees set up and working day : their first constitution and constitution may be one of the principal events in the history of Parliament they may be expected to bring about new accountability and flexibility of administration and scrutiny .
The compact and secure parliamentary bodies for all subjects ministries and departments can make the government more effective in identifying and कार्यकलापों with the real problems of government .
The members of different parties in the Committees can better understand each other ' s views and can take effective decisions based on ensuring a proper understanding and accord between the interests of the employees and the executive in due course of their action .
If the legislature and members of the country have to exercise their rights without fear or favour and discharge their responsibilities then they must be free to expose the government ' s weakness to acts of the legislature and the executive in action .
If the decisions of the Presiding Officer were to be influenced by the Executive then the basis of parliamentary democracy would be in danger .
The idea of a separate or independent executive from the Government of India for the Indian Legislature came into force in January 1932 when a separate office was set up for the Presiding Officers of Legislative Bodies in India held by भाई Bhai Patel .
On the 22nd September 1928 the famous leader Motilal Nehru moved a resolution in the then Central Legislative Assembly supported by another illustrious leader Lala Lajpat Rai and the intention of the resolution was to constitute a separate Assembly Department .
In fact the same resolution became the source of the creation and authority of the Assembly Department .
As a result a separate Department called the Legislative Assembly Department was set up on January 10 1929 in the portfolio of the Lieutenant - Governor - General with the President of the Legislative Assembly as its de facto head .
The name of the Department continued to remain the same until 26 January 1950 when the Constitution of India came into force and the creation of the Provisional Parliament it was changed to Parliament Secretariat .
Their names were changed to लोक Sabha . and Rajya Sabha . respectively in 1954 .
( 3 ) With members and others dedication in dealing with आत्म courtesy self - control patient patience .
( 4 ) और and और and impartial advice to the Speaker .
( 6 ) सजगता presence smile on the face and one ' s point .
An impartial parliamentary officer should be admitted to all parties and the ability to provide solutions which may not only be in principle but also be practical in meeting the needs of the Parliament with the dynamic and developing institutions .
The officers and staff of the Secretariats have to be on their toes all the time constantly thinking of improvements in the ways of serving members and parliamentary institutions .
There is always room for improvement in the service of parliamentary institutions .
Thanks to the training procedures and facilities the Parliament in India can take legitimate pride in having done the best .
It has been held that members should address each other as they were talking to a third person .
Members should not repeat their arguments except when it is absolutely necessary to emphasize a point .
This however does not apply to matters of privilege or where disciplinary jurisdiction of the House with respect to its members is a question .
If we want the debates to be lively which cannot be repeated and arguments limited to only the points raised the written speeches have to be barred.
This however does not apply to ministers who can read policy statements from written texts and also read prepared speeches as and when they consider it necessary .
When a member is speaking a debate is effective the behaviour of those who listen to the speeches is as important as the conduct of those speaking and therefore there are rules in this regard .
Tolerance of the opposite viewpoint is the spirit of parliamentary etiquette .
The House discusses subjects that are generally complex and sometimes controversial .
Members should not go to the Chairman themselves but should send them to the अधिकारियों if necessary .
Moreover members of the Assembly should not leave the Chambers immediately after delivering their speech .
Every member should also listen to the remarks made by other members on his speech particularly when a member makes criticism of another member or minister he has the right to expect a member or a minister to be heard .
When he is replying to what is a breach of parliamentary decorum .
In order to maintain the dignity and dignity of the House members are required to do nothing .
Lady members are expected to desist from knitting in the House .
It is a usual parliamentary practice that members should not stand up to the question of order as soon as the Speaker rises to speak .
When the Speaker is standing and addressed to the House no member should move from one side to the other in the House not to enter or leave the Chamber .
आतिथ्य A member wishing to do anything on behalf of the organisation may have any hospitality in return to that job .
- LRB - b - RRB - a member should not obtain any official information which otherwise should not be given to an employee in following his ordinary course nor should he allow any person to count on some of his public issues .
( 10 ) Members in such cases as to have direct or indirect financial interest - are prejudiced against government officials or सरकारी
( 13 ) His conduct of joining corruption as a member is a breach of privilege by the House .
Therefore any fee which is charged for speaking or opposing a Bill in the House or a Committee is a breach of privilege .
It is also believed that a member is deemed to be a breach of privilege or misconduct on the part of a member to enter into a reward for advocate and prosecute in the House .
Unfortunately for the past few years there has been a feeling of decline in the levels of conduct and etiquette followed by members both inside and outside the House .
भीतरी and running along with the Chamber are two covered corridors called the Inner and Outer चैंबर .
These फर्नीचर are well equipped with furniture where members can sit comfortably and discuss informal discussions among themselves .
There are several public galleries and the Press Gallery at the first floor of the Lok Sabha .
The Press Gallery is just above the Chair and the Speaker ' s Gallery ( which is for the guests of the Speaker ) and the Rajya Sabha Gallery ( which is meant for the Rajya Sabha members ) .
On the right of the Press Gallery are situated Diplomatic and Distinguished guests .
The चैंबर in the Lok Sabha Chamber with a floor area of about क्षेत्रफल sq. metres and seating capacity for 550 members is provided with a modern sound प्रवर्धन system .
On chosen spots with each seat साथ are kept with low प्रतिबाधा प्रतिबाधा which have been pressed behind on the bench ' s back and smaller loudspeaker players can appear without the microphone .
The Automatic Vote Recording Equipment installed in the Lok Sabha Chamber enables the members to record their votes quickly in cases of division.
It has a seating capacity of 250 members .
At the time of his birth in 1823 in the village of गांव in South India Ram Mohun Roy at forty - nine was active in Bengal and was in his preparations to establish the Brahmo Samaj five years later .
Devendranath Tagore Roy ' s second successor to the Samaj was only six years old .
Dayanand Saraswati - LRB - समाज - RRB - who founded the Arya Samaj in Bombay in 1875 ( a year after Ramalinga ' s death ) was born in the year of Ramalinga ' s birth .
When Ramalinga was thirteen years old रामलिंग Ramakrishna Paramahansa was born in बंगाल village in Bengal .
Madame Blavatsky and Colonel सोसाइटी in New York in 1875 ( a year after Ramalinga ' s death ) founded the Theosophical Society .
They moved to Bombay in 1879 and thence to Madras in 1882 .
It was only appropriate that the Theosophical Society ( founded in January 1874 ) was transferred to Madras one day before his death ; the headquarters of Ramalinga was shifted to Madras where Ramalinga ' s सोसाइटी years passed .
Its principles were the same as those of the Theosophical Society of New York ten years later .
In presenting Ramalinga poet and prophet I shall discuss not only his life but while तार्किकता my rationality also the legend in which it has been captured .
His father पिता Pillai of Saiva faith and belonging to the गांव community was गांव village accountant and teacher .
His mother मां belonged to . in the vicinity of मद्रास a village in मद्रास District near Madras .
पत्नी was his sixth wife and had two sons - Sabapathy and पुत्रियां and two daughters पुत्रियां and पुत्रियां .
It is also said that Siva Himself came in the garb of an ascetic disappearing after walking a few steps in the house .
It is said that once when he was in the month of शिशु his father took him to Chidambaram where the child saw Ramalinga the mystic the शिशु behind the screen as a symbol of the formless Brahma .
They lived at 39 स्ट्रीट Pillai Street near Seven Wells in the present postal zone 1 .
The poet says of his boyhood experiences :
When Ramalinga was five years old his brother Sabapathy started teaching him .
But Ramalinga was indifferent and spent his time day - dreaming.
He used to play truant wandering in the streets and प्रांगण in the corridors of the मंदिर Temple .
He entrusted the responsibility of teaching Ramalinga to the Tamil savant Sabapathy Mudaliar of Kanchipuram .
But the Panditji also had no particular influence .
Seeing that the boy was श्रोताओं by his words and songs he gave up his efforts .
रामलिंग patience Sabapathy Pillai forbade his wife Parvati to feed and clothe Ramalinga.
Counselling him graciously she prevailed upon him at last to please his brother and to take seriously his studies .
They promised requesting them to provide a room in the second floor where they could pursue their studies .
His request was accepted .
They returned home and his brother was happy when they saw that they never returned from the house .
Perhaps these days he had become a juvenile ascetic for some time .
In a poem he says to God :
But you could say your glory
It may be noted that he addressed God as his mother in this poem .
Maybe he was thinking of his sister - in - law Parvati who had given him a little care of his mother ; he had given him food and persuading him to return .
In later years his concern for the problem of hunger lies in this experience .
It was enough for him to stay at home .
Ramalinga set a mirror against the wall and set it in front of him a mirror .
In the flame of the Universal Soul he created a mirror of the Universal Soul of the World ; in which the flame लौ itself as a symbol of man he tries to keep his mind दर्पण like a mirror .
It was at this age that he began composing songs maybe a little earlier as he himself says to God .
It is said that Ramalinga himself says in a song : at the age of nine he saw in the mirror the image of Lord Muruga of भगवान .
This is a collection of devotional songs which are sung today in Tamil में
One day he had to take charge of the young girl reading the manuscripts written in the feast with the statements of रामलिंग and Ramalinga read them with great care that the audience began to urge them to recite them in the future .
One day the speaker was to be addressed to the house of चेट्टियार Chettiar .
The theme was जीवनी : जीवनी ' s biography of तिरू - &amp; known as the जीवनी जीवनी - आन जीवनी of तिरू जीवनी - तिरू whom Ramalinga regarded as his ideal .
Ramalinga spoke.
This was his first statement which he made on his way out of the closed room .
Chief among these were a ripe orthodox Saivite called नावलर Navalar .
Navalar felt that . ' s new religion of Sanmarga gave elbow room to other religions particularly Christianity.
नाक ( Sri कृपा ) was called the book of नाक ( the book of नाक ) and published a tract of नाक .
He instituted a suit against Ramalinga for alleged defamation in a discourse that Ramalinga had delivered in Chidambaram.
As soon as Ramalinga appeared in the court the entire crowd rose to his feet and lined up with traditional hands .
Reference to this may be found in some of his verses quoted earlier.
People from distant places left their homes to live near them .
People invited him to their homes and musical compositions .
People regarded his service as a blessing .
They came to be known as a cult and instance .
Some learned men from the crowd asked “What is not possible through the mind?
" No since Brahman is beyond this phenomenal world and mind in this world of maya . "
Brahma - knowledge is possible only through self - knowledge or self - awareness and soul knows it as आत्मा Ramalinga said .
As a matter of fact this way of worship as represented by the people who have worshipped the idols and powers of the dead who have attained the background of the dead .
Ramalinga says that such logic is right in theory and cannot be practical .
( Rajasthan State v. Union of India AIR 1977 SC 1977 ) ( see under Chapter 6 राज्य Union and its territory ) .
His President is the President ; he contains all the executive powers and is used in his name .
He is also the highest commander of the armed forces .
But unlike the American President our President is only a nominal or constitutional head of the Executive .
On the contrary the U. S. President ' s Presidential Rule consists of separation of powers and the President is the chief executive for a fixed term and cannot be dismissed more often .
In the U. S. system the President chooses his minister from among the common citizens and the ministers are not members of a legislature while in the parliamentary system ministers go from Parliament and remain part of it and responsible to the Lok Sabha .
It may be said that the parliamentary system emphasizes the concepts of executive responsibility while the Presidential system clearly gives more importance to the stability of the Executive .
But it would be wrong to say that we have completely adopted the British parliamentary system .
For instance the U. S. Constitution is a unitary while ours is largely federal .
This place is called . : धर्मशाला Veda . : . is called धर्मशाला in Tamil .
The same year he founded a school called Sanmarga विद्यालय ( School ) .
The school however did not last long .
It was during this period that Ramalinga set out a scheme for publishing a magazine called Sanmarga Viveka विवेक ( विवेक ) .
After the opening of the Eating House in 1867 Ramalinga shifted from Karunguzhi to Vadalur .
octagonal in yielding this शिष्यों to his pupils and ordered a temple to be built .
Construction started in June 1871 .
They did not call it a मंदिर or temple .
The whole name was सभा strictly धार्मिक Satya सभा Sabhai or in shortened form Satya सभा Sabhai ( Hall of True Knowledge ) he wanted to eschew anything that with a religious meaning .
The whole temple was a splendour .
The true assembly was octagonal with a chamber of twelve pillars inside which it had also a four - pillared hall which embodies the revealing light of the inner world .
A consecrated mirror about four feet high was designed to reflect the Light of Lord Shiva .
Only for certain things like sweeping cleaning and धूल ; lighting the lamp ; the oil might one in the turn allow anybody to enter it .
They were chosen for this purpose who did not eat flesh did not kill men who had conquered their जाति and जाति they had no sign of caste and creed .
In his application to the true ideal of Sanmarga Satya सन्मार्ग ( सन्मार्ग ) he says :
, !
Do not marry but we are impressed
Let the awareness of आत्मज्ञान
This Sabhai Hall of Knowledge ( सभा ) was renovated by a dedicated people led by कृपानन्द वारियार in 24 April 1950 .
During this period Ramalinga wrote also what he calls Petitions to the Supreme Light in prose .
He has now issued a circular to the Fellowship enunciate the tenets of the पंथ .
The Instructions to the House dated 30 March 1871 carries the following :
If one ' s body is destroyed by the weight of his activities or in the course of time the body should not be burnt.
Be confident that the deceased will rise .
One should not grieve or दुख
Should a man lose his wife let him not think of पुनर्विवाह .
If one ' s son dies the sorrow does not fall .
Let all those who have suffered the loss gather together on a day and give हो fees .
- What was that? - What was that? - What raised me up ?
This was compassion .
This compassion is by the spirit of world - unity .
As you go ahead : He will give you a chance to acquire more knowledge .
After me none of you will come to consult me .
So don ' t go on the way of indifference .
It may be pointed out that मनुष्य was the only purpose of his life in poetry and that of man.
A slight resentment may also be observed about his followers ; it is more conspicuous in the circulars referred to for Europeans ; they do not seem to be a nice but clear and definite antagonism .
In the same context Ramalinga spoke sometimes of some people coming from his disciples who would care with them the Theosophical Society.
The Passing of Ramalinga THE निर्वाह OF RAMALINGA 'S का WITH THE running of the Sabhai or Temple was reached in his deciding to close it down in 1873 .
Within six months of its opening he had issued on 18 July 1872 written instructions on its working .
They believe that worshippers can worship only at the entrance gate while the people entering the Hall for cleaning it and lighting the lamp should be aged under twelve or over seventy - two .
Closing the Sabhai he kept the key with him in Siddhi सभा .
Four years after his death the temple remained closed and the followers of अनुयायियों re - opened it and resumed its worship in 1878 .
After the closing of the Sabhai came the great sermon at Siddhi 1873 on 22 October 1873 .
This marked the end of his outward activities .
As a token of this in the next month November 1873 he removed the lighted lamp from his room and placed it outside .
He told his followers अनुयायियों ( as has been recorded ) you can worship here without any hindrance .
I will close the door of my room .
For some time God will shine in this flame.
The room was opened in his presence .
A brief account of Ramalinga ' s life in the Madras District - LRB - South Arcot district - RRB - ( 1906. ) published in the following pages :
निवासियों : A small village of 189 inhabitants lying in the south - west of Vadalur .
The place was connected with a Ramalinga . a साधु who later became a Sadhu and later by his followers called him देवत्व .
Ramalinga संन्यासी seems to have मर his disciples that they would rise again from the dead and he consequently urged that burial was preferable to burial .
It is said that . was also buried in this belief and those who had subsequently died in Vadalur and दफनाया in other villages .
In 1874 he locked himself in a room in which he was still in existence in Mettukuppam ( which he built his samadhi or mystic meditation ) and instructed his followers not to open it for some time .
He resumed speech in the last days of January 1874 .
On the 30th of that month at Mettukuppam we saw our master for the last time .
He had promised that he would never again refer to the time place and circumstances .
By then they would continue to function not only in India but also in Europe and elsewhere .
During the last days of his secular career he often expressed surprise : " The true members of the universal brotherhood live in the far north : not the time when the Russians the , the U. S. and other nations .
- This prophecy has now been भविष्यवाणी
It may be pointed out that the veracity of मुदलियार ' s statement was questioned by many scholars particularly by the mention of the names of some special countries .
When the writer of an open book The बंबऋ World wrote in the Bombay Gazette ( 4 ) My letter was started with the following confidence सोसाइटी when I wrote The सोसाइटी World I knew it well .
In November 1875 the Theosophical Society was founded in 1878 after 1878 Indian friends received communication from Indian friends ; the result was that in February 1879 the headquarters of the Society was shifted to Bombay .
The headquarters were shifted from Bombay to Madras in 1882 : the author .
रामलिंग - The title of this chapter could be said to be Ramalinga ' s religion but he did not accept the word religion as a धर्म in the last few years and had denied the knowledge of all religions which he had उपदेशों .
Likewise the Upanishads declare that soul - learning is the fruit of the soul .
Ramalinga ' s conception of the Supreme Light can be traced to the Gayatri of Rig Veda .
In 1867 Ramalinga met Sabapathy हुई a young man of nineteen at Chidambaram.
This mantra from the Rig Veda . called Gayatri or Surya Gayatri has two meanings : The first meaning is the second meaning को which is the true purport of the mantra .
He who dwells in the intellect शरीर ( शरीर ) and within the intellect whom the intellect does not know ; the intellect whose body the intellect is and who rules the intellect within he is your Self the Ruler within the immortal.
तै मैक्समूलरहृ This is the opinion of the तै
He who does within man live निवास and he who is the same thing as the sun
The Gayatri Mantra has other meanings from the following verse of ईशावास्योपनिषद् ( verse 16 ) :
The Gayatri and the soul are ordered for meditation on the Gayatri and the Self in the form of inner and outer light for the purposes of purification and elevation of ideas .
To add to God ' s attention to the power of self - perfection रामलिंग or to say that in order to contain God Ramalinga used the mirror a flame shining in a mirror .
I do not know of any saint or prophet who is as great a poet as Ramalinga.
The beauty of such joy in his poetry and songs is borne out by the people who never rise to the ecstasy of saints or saints or by the saints .
The magic of his word का is something like this .
In his lyrical poetry full of lyrical intensity and full of lyrical exuberance and trembling self - discovery of which humanity and spirituality are unified ; a word or line of thought can be read in its purest form .
टेनीसन टेनीसन has said in the context of Tennyson ' s poem रामलिंग he may be said to be of the words of Ramalinga ' s poetry but there are some poets who have beautiful कान and कान compare notes with them with हैं .
Ramalinga was a pioneer in modern Tamil poetry as the poet of India Subramanya Bharati ( 1882 - 1921 ) .
The poets concerned are entirely of a different and pervasive structure .
R. S. रामलिंग Tamil scholar and critic writes ( जगत in Tamil translated here by the author ) The Tamil world cannot forget the great Ramalinga who fashioned new metres and music in Tamil .
In the U. S. Constitution the fundamental rights were expressed in absolute terms .
But there can be no absolute right to any individual because the rights of each individual are limited to the same rights of at least of other individuals .
The Supreme Court of India had to find out and identify legal restrictions on fundamental rights .
But our founding fathers decided to incorporate the restrictions within the relevant provisions .
Thus the Constitution presents a balance between the rights of the individual on the one hand and the interests of the society and the security of the state .
Directive Principles The Directive Principles of State Policy inspired by the Irish precedent are a unique feature of our Constitution .
Most of the social and economic rights of the people have been included under this head .
However they are said to be not enforceable in courts yet these elements are expected to guide the government of the country .
They are in the nature of the ideals set by the founding fathers before the States and all the organs of the state must strive for their realisation .
In those days the journey across the ocean was not just an adventure for a Hindu .
It was a revolutionary act of defiance against society for the voyage was not viewed favourably and there was a legislation for the accused .
Dwarkanath went to England twice in इंग्लैंड and again in इंग्लैंड .
The well - known विद्यार्थी Friedrich पेरिस was then a young student in Paris studying the Rig Veda under Prof. विद्यार्थी .
Max Mueller in his biography hailed the lively and colourful visitor of Dwarkanath who while he was present at him in the midst of a traditional tour of the world had been described by him as one of the most gifted gifts of the हवा .
Dwarkanath did not return home from his second visit to Europe .
Like his friend and senior contemporary Raja Rammohun Roy ब्रिस्टल who had died in Bristol thirteen years earlier Dwarkanath died away from his home in London on August 1846 1846 at the age of fifty - two .
The plenty of good luck under the इंग्लैंड column in the issue of ' The Times of August 3 1846 - 1846 is perhaps not a battle for him in India ; for the sake of the present - day people and for the good of our people .
He left behind three sons of whom the eldest was Debendranath Tagore ' s father .
Devendranath . was more important in a sense than his fabulous father .
Since his father was known as Prince प्रिंस the reputation of his son was among the people as a Maharshi for he was both saint and thinker .
Though Dwarkanath ' s son he was in fact the moral heir and spiritual successor to Raja Rammohun Roy whose mission he continued and made fruitful.
His personality had a profound impact on Tagore ' s intellectual development .
Born in 1817 Debendranath was brought up in circumstances of increasing luxury which reached its peak by his youth .
He grew up in the midst of a few years of his youth with the affection of his rich father and rich mother not only but of his mother' s hair .
But this did not go on for the crisis soon and suddenly came up and he was only eighteen years old .
His grandmother was on the death - bed and had to be taken to a tiled shed on the bank of the Ganges for every pious Hindu wants to leave his last retreat to a pious river .
For three nights the grandmother waited for death and all the time Debendranath was on his head : lonely and mysterious silence among the dark and mysterious ghosts of death .
On the night before his death he sat alone by the river ; he was suddenly seized by some intense spiritual elation and he lost his normal consciousness .
Out of curiosity I picked it up but found nothing of what was written on it .
He sent it to a well - known learned scholar who identified the earliest texts of the materials as ' first verse ' and explained its meaning in this moving world by God .
Therefore find one ' s enjoyment in self - denial and do n ' t covet what belongs to the family . "
This was a revelation to the young devotee groping in the dark .
My faith in God has become bolder and I tasted divine pleasure .
When I made a deep study of the Upanishads and when my intellect came to be daily illumined by the gift of the truth I felt a strong desire to spread the truth . "
And thus on the first day of 1839 which the Hindu प्राणियों mother of Bengal called देवेन्द्रनाथ देवेन्द्रनाथ Debendranath was on the annual festival of देवेन्द्रनाथ Tagore his friends and associates and brought with them the establishment of a pure प्राणियों उपनिषदों Union dedicated to global and intangible life .
This faith which was at once old and new was to विश्वास the prevalent practices and superstitions among the Hindus which were put in the centre of the worship of a deity .
It was true that Devendra - nath was ushering in a new faith in his own family building with the help of the पैतृक - पैतृक and an extremely heavy पैतृक - घडियाल version of the worship of the goddess Durga with its roots .
Raja Ram Mohun Roy 1772 - 1833 did not bring about a strong union among the युवा among the युवा and until it was called a धर्म Hindu Sabha despite the fact that it was a living group of men and women .
In the crisis the son showed what metal was made .
He called all the creditors together and kept all the books together in front of them with the announcement that the creditors should look after the trust of the trust .
I wanted to renounce the world and the world left me for itself .
What a singular coincidence ?
However for many years he was able to pay all the compounded debts.
Not only did he succeed in paying off all the money with interest but he also made good the charities and donations which the Prince had hastily and too generously promised to accompany by the Prince of द्वारकानाथ before his London visit .
The Maharshi travelled widely in India in those days when journeying was full of hazards and was a real adventure.
The teacher enjoyed her responsibility and the pupil was happy to find such a lovely teacher .
What he learnt during the two months he stayed with a soft and innocent intimacy between the teacher and pupil which had a lasting effect on his memory .
There was no store of books for me to give her so I took the first opportunity to tell her that I could write poetry .
When I told him of my poetical talent it was not a question of anything or a dilemma for him and accepted it without a question .
She asked the poet to give her a special name and I chose for her a name which she thought very beautiful .
I wanted that name to be composed of the music of my verse and I enshrined it in a poem which I wrote for it .
In the पौ पौ which she sang before the dawn of dawn he heard this song and said " If the poet मृत्यु even on a death - bed then your song जान me to learn new .
This is an example of how the girls know how to win a little or no .
As the ship moved his heart moved in the memory of Bombay where he had spent happy days with his beautiful young teacher .
At the same time the memory of his home in Calcutta - his sister - in - law was as much a nostalgia interwoven with joy and sorrow .
He was leaving behind all that had enriched his life .
Fortunately the letters he wrote home have survived a vivid record of the early impressions of his youthful mind with all the swagger of immature sophistication .
Later Tagore regretted that he had written such letters .
But these letters apart from their shrewd observations on English life and life in the seventies of the last century have literary merit arid are historically significant as early specimens of Bengali prose in colloquial language .
If they have the धृष्टता युवक as the author himself noted in his autobiography it is the light of a young man ' s temper which makes his धृष्टता or even his प्रशांत so delightful and calm .
These letters first appeared in the journal यूरोप and were later published in The Letters of Europe They were his first sea - voyage and he was not a good sailor .
Turkish bath is like having your body हाथ with a धोबी in a देह .
Rabi ' s brother had a family in रवि and was very glad to see him at home .
The Headmaster said after scanning my features in height : " Oh काठी your head is very bright .
During his stay in Europe he was not only his companions to play at home but he was very interesting in social life and this was one of the reasons why his brother and sister - in - law were never invited by a day .
These words of praise that had been sent home expressed freely and had alarmed by the elders and they must not forget to give back the चंचल boy back from England .
So a रवीन्द्र order was sent from India that Rabindra was to cut short his studies and return to his brother .
The light of my country and the sky of my country were silently calling me . "
For from the point of view of his creative expression his विदेश abroad had been comparatively barren and he needed inspiration from time to time which inspired and nurtured his energy.
In other words it must have been for him to break the new and sweet attachments he had made overseas.
Mrs Scot .
" If you had to go so quickly why did you come to me with the good ? "
His friend or companion since boyhood is a girl called जी who wants him to live .
I do n ' t want anything but I am wandering for what?
Where did this wound arise when nobody hurt me ? "
He sees a beautiful and wayward girl and thinks she wants me .
है poet wanders about .
When he returns he finds that मृत्यु is on a bed .
He had now discovered his form and could write of his will without any reserve of what was written in the past .
His heart हृदय and eventually what I write is mine . "
He began to pour himself out and as if no bird flows directly he could blow at some point and move my poetry to some direction .
Before this I held a crime to do but now I had no regret .
Freedom is first a law unto death and then a law which brings it under true self - discipline . "
The public reception was unsatisfactory .
It was clear that a new star had arisen .
Some of the titles are expressive , ' such as आत्महत्या ' आत्महत्या ' a star ' s suicide ) , hope for despair ' दु ' दु ' दु ' Love ' etc .
By the time the ship reached Madras it was decided to go to the house but since he could not bear the rigours of the Maharshi Devendranath he requested his young uncle to be अवसाद
But nothing is known of the fact that he did so only with the objective of charity to give up his heart .
" I was scared and कांप .
He had to return home as a gift of the Creator .
From Mussoorie he went to कोठी where his brother रवीन्द्र and his wife were staying .
There he spent the very happy days of his life in those ineffable days and nights with थे joy and yearning . "
It was a long spacious mansion open with a large verandah and stone building lined up to the bank of the river .
It was here that Tagore first came in contact with the river life of Bengal and later found a prominent place in his garden theatre .
Nothing in the outside world seemed trivial .
" The invisible screen of the commonplace was removed from all things and all men and their ultimate significance was intensified in my mind . "
Here he saw or heard nothing from his eyes alone but from his whole nature .
On the whole it was a surprise - not an end .
This experience lasted four days during which he lived at a heightened level of spiritual exaltation where everything seemed more vivid more beautiful and more comfortable .
At the end of the fourth day this state of extraordinary elation passed away and with it रवीन्द्र Rabindra had crossed over what he later described as the ' marginal age ' where the direct rays of truth rarely stray from one another .
It was this wonderful day that Tagore wrote his famous poem में : " निर्झरेर स्वप्न बारे about whom he was symbolic .
As he put it : " It was like a faint निर्झरिणी and moving poetry " .
Suddenly the sun ' s rays penetrated the frozen gloom .
So he accompanied his brother and sister - in - law to Darjeeling which commands the view of the magnificent कंचनजंघा peak the next highest to Mount Everest .
But the victory took place in the little house of घर Street .
Where then was the beauty ? who had just stolen his heart ?
What was the secret ?
This poem and many of the poems he wrote later are आलोचकों abstruse and critics have not ceased to wrangle over its exact importance .
When it was first published two friends of the poet laid a wager as to its real meaning.
For me the only satisfactory answer was for me that I too was not able to find a solution to the problem by my return when they came to me for an exact answer .
Commenting on such a academic itch to understand everything दिमागी the author wrote in his " lifetime " but does one write poetry to explain any matter?
If anybody बात a flower saying that nothing has come to my understanding it will be my answer to it that there is no such thing as to understand : " It is only a matter of difficulty when words are caught .
Siva opens his third dread eye and all the सूर्य Moon and the stars are shattered into bits and everything is transformed into cosmic funeral .
Once again the Great ब्रह्मा rolls over and Brahma ' s eyes are closed in meditation.
In the summer of 1883 the two brothers and Kadambari Devi shifted to रहने on the south - western sea coast of India the fragrant land of cardamom and sandal paste .
The elder brother Satyendranath was then a ऋला judge and here Rabindranath spent a few very happy and sheltered days in the company of those whom he loved most including those in his late childhood .
One of them has stopped himself in a cave ; for self - perfection and to go beyond the limits of nature it begins with a great proclamation where the sage is living in front of his own cave - like lines .
I have tasted the bliss which is Lord Siva ' s when he मिटा the unclean stain of creation from the void of eternity and sits in his own अपराजेयता .
But their fortunes had already laid a snare for them and those days of irresponsible and overflowing happiness were numbered.
His elder brother उनके was away from the उलझनों of his दुस्साहसपूर्ण business जमीन and he had no time to look after his family estates and property .
The Maharshi aloof and remote but alert and watchful like unseen Providence decided that it was time his youngest son was properly yoked to the family chariot .
If the Maharshi could approach both the Creator and the universe there was no reason why his son could not take care of both poetry and the family property .
But before it could be done the wild horse must be properly broken and चढाई to the effect .
So a silent edict was issued that the family must look for a suitable bride for the young man .
The ladies of the family according to the prevailing custom had taken up the responsibility of selecting a bride ' s eldest son - in this family but they were not so free in the case of what they wanted .
The Maharshi progressive in religious matters was conservative in the observance of social norms .
This favoured settled down to some families belonging to the same sub - caste species as थे in the small town of शहर .
And so the eleven - year - old daughter राय who was chosen as her bride was someone else ' s daughter राय Roy Choudhury who was an employee of the जागीर of the Tagores .
Before the Forty - second Amendment the only mention of the term ' धार्मिक ' was in Article 25 ( 2 ) of the Constitution where the state was empowered to regulate or restrict any secular activity associated with religious practices .
It is clear that the term धार्मिक was used here in the sense of the worldly or in the sense of cases other than pure religious .
The Forty - second Constitutional Amendment Act which added the word secular did not attempt to define it .
But it was felt that the addition was only to approve and explain the fact which was believed to have been already present as a basic feature of the Constitution .
The founding fathers sought to provide for the vast adult population of the country full representation by giving the fullest powers without any literacy division of income tax or males .
There is no hereditary ruler and the head of the state is elected by the people for a certain period .
He is usually called the President of the Republic .
Democratic republic therefore broadly means a State consisting of the elected President and the government of the people .
All citizens are equal in the eyes of law and there is no privileged class and all public offices are open to every citizen without any distinction based on either caste creed or community .
The membership of the Commonwealth even though India decided to remain a member of the Commonwealth - LRB - Commonwealth - RRB - it made no sign of its position as a sovereign nation or as a Republic .
In fact the Commonwealth was transformed .
In this positive connotation liberty would mean freedom of the individual to act according to his will .
Liberty of thought , faith and worship as elaborated in the fundamental rights part of the Constitution has to be so regulated as not to endanger the security of the State public interest etc .
Leaders of the French Revolution believed that all men were equal in the eyes of law .
Whether it protected or punished it must do so without any regard to distinction of birth etc.
Moreover all citizens of England are equally eligible for all public offices honours and positions strictly according to their capacities virtues and talents .
In the case of पुरुष equality does not mean that all men ( and women ) are equal in all circumstances .
There must be physical mental and economic differences between them .
Finally the reorganization of States under the Constitution ( Seventh Amendment ) Act 1956 abolished the distinction between Part A and Part B states .
Subsequently several new States namely Haryana हरियाणा Himachal Pradesh . Nagaland . Manipur Mizoram Arunachal Pradesh and Goa .
Union Territories ( 1 ) Andaman and Nicobar Islands ( 2 ) Chandigarh नागर ( 3 ) Dadra and Nagar Haveli ( 4 ) Daman and Diu ( 5 ) Delhi ( 5 ) now known as the National Capital Territory of Pondicherry ( 6 ) .
Where India was the ancient name and represented the first expression of the consciousness of the unity and integrity of the country India was the modern name which had made the country known all over the world .
As a member of the United Nations also its name was India and all international agreements were entered in that name .
Both the names therefore had strong followers .
Finally the name 'India that is India ' was adopted as a happy compromise .
India is a " Union ; it was intended to emphasise the fact that it was not the result of a bargaining or an agreement between the constituent units but a clear declaration of its power and authority to India .
No State could therefore secede from the Union nor could it suo की vary its territory as laid down in the First Schedule to the Constitution .
Article 2 provides that Parliament by law may by law admit or establish new States in the Union of India on such terms and conditions as it deems fit .
The latest addition to the Union was the State of Sikkim by the 35th and संविधान Constitutional Amendments in 1974 and 1975 .
This was done at the request of the Sikkim Assembly and with the approval of the people of Sikkim through a plebiscite .
Under article 3 Parliament has power to form a new State by separating a part of the territory of a State or by uniting two or more States or parts of States or by uniting any territory with a part of any State .
It can increase or decrease the area of a State and can also alter the boundaries or even the name of a State .
Thus there is no guarantee of the territorial integrity or continued existence of a State .
But at the same time it has been held that the Parliament ' s power to diminish the area of any State does not include the power to devote the Indian territory to a foreign State .
- LRB - ii - RRB - बस्तियों of trade and commerce AIR 1950 SC विनियम (
Therefore India is the indestructible Union of राज्यों states .
It represents the individual having full political membership of the State : his permanent allegiance to the state and the acceptance by the state of his integration into the political system .
Citizenship provides certain obligations powers immunities and कर्तव्य .
All public offices are open to the citizen .
The right to vote and certain fundamental rights are available only to citizens and citizens have obligations like paying taxes defending the nation and so on .
Citizenship may also be viewed as the legal relationship between the individual and the state under which the individual pledges his loyalty to the State and the State offers its protection to the individual .
This relationship is regulated by national law and recognized by international law .
On 26 November 1949 the Constituent Assembly adopted the Constitution and at once brought into force articles 5 to 9 relating to citizenship .
By that time those of us who lived in British India were under the Crown and thus British subjects .
The partition of India and massive migrations created stupendous problems for citizenship determination .
Citizenship provisions in the Constitution - articles 5 to 11 - gave the Constitution Drafting Committee the maximum headache and took a large number of drafts and more than two years to be finalized.
Still in the Constitution only the law was laid down in regard to who would be citizens of India at the time of the commencement of the Constitution .
It did not provide for the mode of acquisition and termination of citizenship .
Article 11 said that Parliament could regulate the right of citizenship by law .
Under article 5 - 8 " All Indians were given citizenship for a particular period which existed in India for the first time but since the inception of the Constitution were born in पाकिस्तान and in fact more than 1948 .
Thus Citizenship at the commencement of the Constitution included provisions for citizenship by domicile ( e ) on grounds of domicile ( ii ) migrants from Pakistan and for persons there ; and ( व्यक्तियों ) Indians residing abroad .
domicile is a vital criterion for citizenship of a country .
Raza v. State of Bombay AIR 1966 SC 1966 ) .
Article 5 provides that if a person resident in the territory of India lives on the commencement of the Constitution ( i . e . ii ) first in the territory of India ( i . e . i . e . ii . ( ii )
Domicile by birth or residence as a person can be changed .
In fact अधिवास citizenship is denoted by domicile and not vice - versa.
domicile is different from citizenship because it is mainly connected with the territory and not membership of the community which is at the root of the principle of citizenship ( Abdul Rahman v. State of Bombay AIR 1964 बंबई .
The single citizenship gives and its relationship is domicile in the territory of the whole of India and not in any part of it .
There is no separate citizenship of the state in India as in the United States .
His domicile is only one domicile namely domicile in the territory of India .
( Pradeep Jain v. Union of India AIR 1984 SC प्रदीप प्रदीप )
A person migrating from Pakistan Article 6 provides for citizenship rights of migrants from Pakistan before the commencement of the Constitution .
This kind of migrants have two types of distinctions : i. e. those migrating to India before July 19 1948 when the permit system for migration was introduced in India before the प्रवास and those who came after that date .
A man who had migrated to India before July 19 1948 and settled in India will be deemed to be a citizen of India at the beginning of the Constitution provided as one of his parents or a नागरिक or a rule in India .
Thus नागरिकता - all Indians residing abroad have been taken into account the future citizenship requirements .
Voluntary acquisition of citizenship of another country Article 9 provides that if a person has voluntarily acquired the citizenship of a foreign State he shall forfeit the right of citizenship of India .
This provision was applicable to cases arising before the commencement of the Constitution but in matters arising after the commencement of the Constitution the cases arising after the commencement of the Constitution the procedure shall be dealt with in accordance with the provisions of the Citizenship Act 1955 .
The Supreme Court has held that it is the business of the Government of India to determine whether a person has been deprived of citizenship of India by acquisition of citizenship of another country and after that a state government can enter into a foreign manner .
- LRB - पीर v. State of Kerala AIR 1966 SC 1966 - RRB - ; ; (
Article 10 lays down that every person who is a citizen of India under any of the provisions made in Articles 5 to 10 is deemed to be citizen of India subject to the citizenship of India subject to the provisions of such laws .
In other words it means that a citizen ' s right to citizenship cannot be छीना in any other manner apart from parliamentary legislation .
- LRB - Ibrahim Wazir v. State of Bombay AIR 1954 SC 229 ) .
Article 5 and the term कारावास used in 10 are interpreted to cover all persons who may be in jail under trial or who may be undergoing imprisonment .
- LRB - State v. Prabhakar ( AIR 1966 SC 1966 Sunil बत्रा v. Delhi Administration AIR 1978 SC 1978 ) .
For some time there have been considerable differences whether corporations are also covered by legal individuals ?
The Citizenship Act however made it clear that corporations were not citizens .
( More Commercial Taxes Officers ( 1964 ) 4 SCC 98 ) ; Tata Engineering and Locomotive Company Ltd .
v. Bihar ( 1964 ) 6 SC 885 ) .
Parliament ' s power to regulate the right of Citizenship by law and the Citizenship Act 1955 Article 11 endows Parliament with unfettered powers for enacting legislation relating to the acquisition and termination of the citizenship of India and all matters connected therewith.
Accordingly the Parliament passed the Citizenship Act है 1955 providing for acquisition and termination of citizenship .
Thus all matters relating to the citizenship rights after the commencement of the Constitution are to be dealt with in accordance with its provisions .
This Act was amended in 1986 to tackle the situation created by the large - scale unlawful immigration into India of people from Bangladesh श्रीलंका Sri Lanka and some African countries .
This amendment made the acquisition of Indian citizenship more difficult .
Equality of opportunity under Article 16 ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) - all citizens of India under any caste under any claim or class of persons living in any office relating to employment or employment under the State are not granted to them by any citizen .
But the subsequent clause ( 3 ) . ( 4 ) ) ( 4 ) and ( 5 ) provide for four exceptional situations which can be broken by the general rule of equality of opportunity .
By virtue of this right Parliament passed the Public Employment Exchange Act 1957 .
The Act however made an exception in the case of Himachal Pradesh . Manipur Tripura and the Telangana region of Andhra Pradesh where residential qualifications were prescribed for a limited period not exceeding five years on grounds of the backwardness of the regions .
In the case of संसद Rao ( Andhra Pradesh ) ( AIR 1970 SC 422 ) the Supreme Court has made one part of the Act unconstitutional expressions that Parliament can impose , over a whole state and not one part of it .
Article 16 in the second exception : clause ( 4 ) recognised the state in favour of some backward class of citizens who in the opinion of the state do not have adequate powers to provide special powers for appointments or reservation of posts .
And this condition may refer not only to the numerical inadequacy of representation in services but also a qualitative enough .
In other words powers can be exercised not only to provide for reservation of appointments but also to provide for representation in selection posts and posts filled by promotion .
The people the first and most basic application of their sovereignty confers upon them a constitution in which the basic rules are laid down and powers which are transferred to and exercised by certain organs of the state .
In a federal polity constitution inter alia शक्तियों limits and distribution of powers between the organs of the states at a federal or federal level on the one hand and at the level of states or units on the other .
The Constitution of a country may also be described as its foundational law which विहित the basic principle of its polity and on the basis of which all other laws and executive functions of the State are पर for their validity and validity .
The Constitution is a living organism of active institutions .
It keeps growing ever and keeps पनपता .
Much depends on the manner in which the courts of the country interpret it and the manner in which it is followed by the actual practice and practices around it .
Constitutional law is generally indicative of the fundamental law of the country as contained in the provisions of the Constitution .
It is mainly concerned with the fundamental features of the framework of the distribution of powers between the organs of the state and between the Union and the units .
Friendly relations with foreign विदेशों This ground for imposing restrictions on independence of speech and expression was covered by the Constitution ( First Amendment ) Act 1951 with a view to avoiding embarrassment to India through persistent and malicious propaganda .
But the ground has been criticized for being susceptible of supporting regulation curbing even criticism of the government ' s foreign policy .
( Ranjit उदेशी v. Maharashtra . AIR 1965 SC 1965 ) .
Articles 129 and 215 of the Constitution empower the Supreme Court and the High Courts respectively to punish for their contempt .
393 .
Prohibition against self - विधिशास्त्र : Under the can - ons of common law criminal jurisprudence a person is presumed to be innocent ; the prosecution must establish his guilt .
Secondly a person accused of an offence need not make a statement against his will .
Clause 3 of article 20 however only gives a privilege to the accused person which can be waived by him if he so desires .
The immunity to the accused is not applicable to either compulsory submission of substantial material or to samples of खून शरीर शरीर marks or शरीर of body or blood खून ( AIR 1960 SC बाध्यता ) .
Also the compulsion for producing इसके papers is prohibited only when they disclose personal information of the accused in respect of allegations ( Bombay State 1961 v. काठी ( काठी ) बंबई (
Sharma ( Satish 1954 SC 300 306 ) .
S. . किशन ( किशन ) Ram Krishan ) AIR 1980 SC 185 ) .
Protection of Life and Personal Freedom Article 21 of the Constitution guarantees that no person shall be deprived of his life or personal liberty except the procedure laid down by law .
This right is available to citizens as well as non - citizens .
In the famous Gopalan case स्वतंत्रता ' personal liberty ' was held to mean only liberty relating to the body or body of the individual .
Besides कार्यपालिका - LRB - i - RRB - covers protection only against arbitrary executive action ( Union of Madras v. State of Madras AIR 1950 SC 27 ) .
Freedom of conscience and religion Article 25 lays down that all individuals are equally entitled to freedom of conscience and the right to freely profess practice and propagate religion .
Article 28 forbids totally any religious instruction being imparted in educational institutions wholly maintained by State funds .
But the emphasis in modern constitutional law is on fundamental human rights and relations between citizens and the state in a more pronounced democratic democracy .
Also the sources of constitutional law include not only the text of the Constitution but also the statutory procedural conventions and a number of laws framed under certain constitutional provisions .
Article 4 : The concept of a polity under the Constitution consisting of limited powers of the government and under law .
But a dynamic situation may come when by the process of dynamic movement certain existing relationships are altered varied or affected.
In fact they are meant to affect the settled relationships and yet if you come back to the Fundamental Rights they are meant to preserve not indirectly certain settled relationships .
But it is very difficult and naturally when the courts of the country consider these matters they have to lay stress more on fundamental rights than on the Directive Principles of State Policy .
Then you become static गतिहीन and cannot change and you cannot realise the ideal of an egalitarian society which I hope most of us aim .
It is a fallacy to think that under our Constitution there are only rights and no duties.
The provisions therein are deliberately made elastic because the duties to be imposed on citizens depend on the extent to which the directive principles are implemented .
Population for this purpose means defined population in the 1971 census .
By 2000 the number of seats in the Lok Sabha would not change unless article 81 ( 3 ) .
Seats are reserved for the Scheduled Castes and the Scheduled Tribes in the Lok Sabha based on population ratio .
Originally the reservation was for ten years but it is being extended every time for the next ten years ( articles 330 and 334 ) .
The raison d 'etre of representative democracy is that the government should obtain the mandate of the people periodically in order to continue in office .
The period of Lok Sabha is five years from the date appointed for its first meeting .
The expiration of the period of five years operates automatically .
In some circumstances its dissolution can be made before the House ends .
When the Proclamation of Emergency is in force the term of Lok Sabha which shall not exceed one year at a time and shall in no case extend more than a period of six months ) .
Each member before assuming his seat in a House is required to take oath and affirmation ( article 99 and 3rd ) .
The salaries and allowances of the members are entitled to salaries and allowances as may be fixed by law by Parliament ( articles 106 ) .
There is no separate mention of the proviso .
Parliament has however provided pension for members under the Act under the Members of Parliament Salaries Allowances and Pension .
It inter alia provided that a member should be given a pension after only one year ' s service .
However the President was not permitted .
Officers of Parliament The Constitution provides for the Speaker and the Deputy Speaker for the Lok Sabha and a Chairman and a Deputy Chairman for the Rajya Sabha .
The Vice President of India is the ex - officio Chairman of Rajya Sabha .
The Speaker and Deputy Speaker are chosen by the Lok Sabha from among its members .
Article 90 provides for the Deputy Chairman of Rajya Sabha .
However in spite of the dissolution of the House the Speaker continues to hold office until just before the first sitting of the new House ( articles 94 94 ) 2 ) .
Sessions of Parliament
It is for the President to summon each House of Parliament from time to time .
Article 85 ( 1 ) however provides that six months will not intervene between two sessions .
However the divisions of the Rajya Sabha are split into two sessions and the interval between them varies from three to four weeks and so it has four sessions .
He shall summon the Bill if it is not a Money Bill - LRB - a - RRB - he may send both the Houses for reconsideration .
If the Bill is passed again with or without amendments and presented to the President for assent he shall not withhold assent ( article 111 ) .
This was presumably what President राष्ट्रपति Singh did in case of the Postal Bill and President Venkataraman did in case of a Bill seeking to give pension to members of Parliament after just one year ' s service .
Procedure in Financial Matters The President is required to cause to be laid before both Houses of Parliament in respect of each financial year a statement of estimated receipts and expenditure of the Government of India for that year .
It is called the annual financial statement or budget .
Estimates and Demands for अनुदानों Estimates relating to expenditure charged on the Consolidated Fund are not put to vote in Parliament but discussion is not barred.
By law it means an exemption from some duty burden of burden of attendance or liability to extend to others .
The privileges are granted with a view to maintaining the independence of action and the dignity of the Houses of Parliament their committees and members and to enable them to function without any interruption or interruption .
The privileges in practice give rise to certain powers immunities and exemptions .
The most important of parliamentary privileges is the freedom of speech while performing parliamentary duties .
Article 19 also gives a citizen the right of free speech but articles 105 and 194 lay special emphasis on the right of free speech of members of the legislatures .
Article 19 imposes reasonable restrictions on the right of free speech viz . the law of libel .
In doing so members should not suffer any inhibition and they should be able to speak out their mind and express their views freely.
Unless a member says enjoys immunity from legal action he cannot be expected to speak freely and तथा .
The Constitution therefore provides that no action shall be taken against any member of Parliament in Parliament or in any Committee thereof.
Likewise it would be a breach of privilege to take legal action against him for anything said by him in Parliament or in a Committee .
In the case of ' संसदीय ' the Supreme Court has held that the freedom to speak to members under article 105 shall be subject to merely the provisions of the Constitution which are made by parliamentary procedure and rules of any permanent orders .
Any investigation outside Parliament of anything said or done by members while discharging their parliamentary duties would be deemed to be grave interference in the members' rights .
The Chief Justice of a High Court may with the consent of the President appoint a retired judge to sit and act as a judge ( articles 215 217 - न्यायालय ) .
Every High Court shall consist of the Chief Justice and such other judges as the President may deem necessary to appoint from time to time ( article 216 ) .
Each High Court shall superintendence over all the courts and tribunals - other than those set up under any law relating to armed forces - in the area of its jurisdiction ( 227 ) .
If a High Court is satisfied that a substantial question relating to the interpretation of the Constitution in a case pending in a lower court it may be able to return the case to itself or to settle the matter by law .
Each High Court has full control over its staff .
The salaries and allowances of the judges and of the High Court staff are all charged on the Consolidated Fund of the State .
Appointments of officers and staff of the High Court are made by the Chief Justice of the Court or by such other judge or officer of the Court as he may decide .
The terms of service of the staff and officers of the court are to be appropriately settled by rules made by the Chief Justice and approved by the President ( article 229 ) .
The jurisdiction of a High Court can be extended to or excluded from the scope of a Union territory ( article 230 ) .
According to Article 226 every High Court shall enjoy the fundamental rights in the entire territory of its jurisdiction or the right of any person or authority to issue directions orders or writs in the nature of any other purpose .
1 .
A person can be appointed as Governor only if he is a citizen of India and has completed the age of 35 years ( article 157 ) .
Also the President may not be a member of the Parliament or of any State Legislature .
If a member is appointed as Governor his seat in the legislature shall be deemed to have been vacated on the date of assuming the office of Governor .
The Governor cannot hold any other office of profit .
Every Governor shall be entitled to free official accommodation and such other emoluments as may be determined by Parliament by law or under the Second Schedule of the Constitution .
The achievement of the Governor under the Act of 1987 is estimated to be Rs 158 per month ( article 158 ) .
In सरकार v. न्यायालय ( AIR 1979 SC 1979 ) the Supreme Court held that the office of the Governor was not an office of profit under the government .
Every Governor and every person discharging the functions of Governor shall take oath to faithfully execute the office and to preserve the Constitution and the law ( article और ) .
Governor ' s powers and acts as per the Constitution in certain cases the Governor shall discharge all his functions with the help and advice of the Council of Ministers ( article 163 ) .
The period of the Legislative Assembly shall be five years .
This applies inter alia to the privileges and immunities of legislatures disqualification of members relation between the two Houses.
But the Legislative Council also has a Chairman and Deputy Chairman and Election Council ( articles 178 - 187 ) .
The Legislature of a State may make laws for the whole or any part of it .
Laws made by Parliament however cannot be questioned on grounds of राज्य operation ( article 245 ) .
Article विधानमंडल lays down that the Union List shall have exclusive power to make laws on items of items : i . e . by making the Legislature of the State shall have exclusive power to legislate in the State List .
If there is an विधानमंडलों between Parliament and the laws made by the State Legislatures about the items of the Concurrent List the laws of the Union would be effective and the State would be void except in case of a case in which the President has been provided .
In the threefold distribution of legislative powers residuary powers of legislative legislation have been left with the Union ( article शक्तियों ) .
Also Parliament has been given the power to make any law for the whole or any part of the country to give effect to an international treaty resolution देश convention or decision ( article 253 ) .
Again under article 250 Parliament is empowered to make laws on any item included in the State List for the whole or any part of India when a Proclamation of Emergency is made applicable .
The maximum duration of validity of such laws will be six months after the expiry of the Emergency .
In the Minerva Mills case it was held that the judiciary could act if it was established that the Union Government acted mala fide or on facts .
Else the treatment can be political only .
A matter like the satisfaction of the President is beyond the Court.
- Minerva Mills v. Union of India ( AIR 1980 SC 1980 ) .
It is the constitutional duty of the Union to protect its States from external aggression and internal disturbance and to ensure that the Government of each State is carried on in accordance with the Constitution ( article का ) .
In addition to the Indian Legislative Council the maximum number of members other than the Governor - General ' s Council was raised to 60 ( under the Act of 1892 ) ( which were not the administrative पार्षद ( they were the ex - officio members ) .
It was however held that the exclusive territorial representation in the Indian Councils was not suitable to the people in the Indian Councils and the only practical method of व्यक्तियों the principle of व्यक्तियों in constituting the Indian Legislative Councils .
However in order to supplement the elected members ( a ) provisions for the appointment of official members सरकारी and ( b ) were made for appointment of non - official members making the people considered impracticable to represent by election .
The elected members were to be chosen from the constituencies such as municipalities municipal corporations and local boards local boards व्यापार universities chambers of commerce and trade associations and groups of persons such as zamindars or tea - owners .
Bills of exchange which became a majority of non - official members in all the Provincial Legislative Councils but maintained a majority of official members in the Central Legislative Council .
These regulations also provided for separate electorates and separate representation for the Muslim community .
Thus for the first time the pernicious principle of communal representation was introduced .
Article 311 sought to provide no protection if services are removed on the basis of terms and conditions of contract .
Article कर which sought to provide protection to existing officers of certain services was repealed by the amendment .
The Museum mosquito collections are a reference to राल्फ work .
When DNA is taken from the mosquitoes only a small part of the insect is used .
DNA collection
The remains of the brick are collected in DNA specimen bank in the Museum .
This collection will be used as a reference to Ralph ' s current work and as a DNA collection for scientists other projects in the future .
पश्चिम in the evergreen forests of West Africa have a litter of वर्गमीटर .
In some parts of the land the number of individuals could be up to 98 per cent .
In the tropical regions the termites help to maintain the character and firmness of the soil as in the case of earthworms in Britain .
But what happens to the termites when सदाबहार are cleared for वनों or for कृषि ?
The Commission was supposed to pay due regard to the industrial cultural and scientific advancement of India and the just claims and interests of the non - Hindi speaking areas in regard to public services .
The first Official Language Commission was appointed in 1955 .
The Supreme Court ' s conclusion in न्यायमूर्ति vs. Union of India ( 1994 ) in मध्य in Madhya Pradesh हिमाचल Himachal Pradesh and Rajasthan on the dismissal of BJP governments in Rajasthan has been dealt with by Justice Jeevan Reddy and जीवन .
Justice Ramaswamy held that the democratic system of governance was the federal structure of the राष्ट्र unity and integrity of the राष्ट्र secularism of the nation the basic features of the Constitution .
Democracy and representative institutions are not entirely new to India .
में and serious cases were referred to the Special Committee elected from among the members of the House .
At the lower level democracy was present in the form of Regional Councils ( Urban Councils ) पौर and Village Assemblies ( ग्राम ) .
The emergence of modern parliamentary institutions in the modern sense the parliamentary system and legislative institutions and development linked with British relations for nearly two centuries.
It would however be wrong to assume that organisations like the UK were replaced at any time .
As we know the Parliament and Parliamentary institutions in India today their development took place in India .
They grew up through many conflicts carried on to rid of foreign rule and for the establishment of free democratic institutions and by the British rulers and ultimately by constitutional reforms .
That was the first occasion when the Governor - General ' s Government came to be known as the Government of India and his council was called the Indian Council .
Though some power of nominated members was retained ; in each House it was now necessary to have a majority of elected members .
Members were to be chosen directly by constituencies delimited by the Rules framed under the Act .
The electoral qualifications prescribed varied widely and were based on communal groups , residence and property .
The detailed classification of subjects was carried out by the transfer rules as ' central " and " provincial " .
The 1919 of the 1919 Act were many defects in the 1919 Act .
It did not fulfill the demand for responsible government .
The Governor maintained complete authority .
In the absence of financial strength the थे minister could not effectively implement his policy .
After the suppression of the 1857 revolt the secular Indian nationalism was rudely hit and it was the biggest victory of the British policy of ब्रिटेन and Raj .
In the words of Sardar के this was the first expression of the राष्ट्र राष्ट्र which eventually led to the partition of the country . "
The Government of India Act . 1919 : By the 1919 सुधान Act and rules made under it many important changes were introduced in the Indian constitutional system .
The First Council consisted of 60 members of whom 34 were elected सरकारी 20 nominated officials and 6 nominated non - official members .
The total membership of the Legislative Assembly under the Act was fixed at 140 : a 100 elected सभा 26 nominated official members and the rest nominated non - official members .
According to statutory rules the total number of members could be increased and the ratio between the different classes would also be altered so that at least 5 / 7 members of the total number are elected and less than one in the remaining .
The first Legislative Assembly constituted under the 1919 Act came into existence in 1921 .
In the case of the Council of States the qualifications related to property were held so high that it ceased to be a House of almost rich donors and traders .
In 1920 the total electorate was only थे and for the Assembly .
The general term of the Council was five years old and that of the Legislative Assembly for three years .
The Governor - General could dissolve either House before the full period was over .
He could also extend his normal term under special conditions .
Both the Houses had equal powers ; except that only the Assembly could give the acceptance or cry of supplies .
Under the 1919 Act in accordance with the system which became known as ' संसद ( ब्रिटिश ) a responsible government was partly responsible in the Province but for the Centre there was no element of responsibility and the Governor - General .
The nature of the Central Legislature though more representative than the first Legislative Councils and had the power to supply supplies for the first time but not the governments to change the government .
Thus though for the whole of British India the Crown for British subjects and subjects in India and for the British subjects in British India and outside it was set for the strength of the Central Legislature it retained many important or more .
Swaraj Party leaders justified the entry into the legislatures by saying that in the prevailing circumstances this was the best way to make the administration hollow and ineffective .
The Swaraj Party won a tremendous success at the polls in 1923 .
By winning 45 seats out of a total of 145 Swaraj Party became the biggest party in the Central Legislature .
According to Maulana Azad the biggest success of the party was to win even at places reserved for Muslims .
During these years great political consciousness developed in the country .
The Act of 1919 provided that a Royal Commission was to be appointed after ten years which would be followed by examining the working of the ruling system in British India and the development of representative institutions by whom it was desirable ?
In November 1927 two years before it was due the appointment of the Commission was announced.
But the Commission ' s Chairman - LRB - Sir John Simon Commission - RRB - and all its members were selected from the British Parliament .
Moreover the Union ministers are not collectively responsible to the Legislature .
The Congress and Indian public opinion remained जनमत and pressed for reforms to make the administration more representative and responsible .
But the Special Resolutions moved by him were called the Rowlatt Bill .
Consequently the Satyagraha movement for Swaraj under Gandhi ' s leadership was started non - cooperation and Khilafat movement .
The Simon Commission : Under the 1919 Act a Commission was set up in 1929 to examine the working of the साइमन Act and report on it and make further recommendations for reforms.
After the rejection of Dominion demand a resolution was passed in the 1929 Lahore Session of the Congress on Purna Swaraj .
The all - white Simon Commission was boycotted by most of the Indian parties .
The report of the Commission published in May 1930 was rejected by all political parties .
Meanwhile the Indian National Congress presided over by Jawaharlal Nehru at its Lahore session in 1929 had announced that Puma Swaraj is our ultimate objective .
The Government of India Act 1935 aims at providing for federal structure .
It provided that in the discharge of the functions of the Governor - General he would not be required to perform his duties " except in the case of a situation where he would be required to perform his functions " or according to his personal views " .
The Federal Legislature . individual or collective responsibility of the ministers was not mentioned in the Act though each minister was expected to be a member of either House of the Legislature .
He could preside over meetings of the Council of Ministers with his discretion.
The Act provided that the Federal Legislature consisted of ( emperor ) represented by the Governor - General and two Chambers to be known respectively as the Council of State ( Upper House ) and the House of Assembly ( Lower House of Assembly ) .
The Council of State would be a permanent body not subject to dissolution but one - third of its members retire every third year .
Every Federal Assembly would have served for five years unless it was भंग by the Governor - General in his discretion.
Each House was to elect its Chairman and Deputy Chairman and shall while subject to the provisions of the सदन Act be empowered to regulate its own procedure and action .
The Governor - General in his discretion has the power to invite and prorogue the Legislature and to dissolve the Lower House .
A Bill shall not become law unless agreed to by the two Houses and assented to by the Governor - General or a Bill reserved for the purpose of His Majesty ' s desire ?
Even an Act assented to by the Governor - General could be disallowed by His Majesty .
The Governor - General could remit a Bill to the Houses for reconsideration .
In the case of disagreement between the Houses the Governor - General could summon a joint sitting in which decisions could be arrived at by a majority the two Houses were practically equal powers ; the latter being distinguishable from the सदनों financial sphere .
Money Bills could be introduced only in the Lower House but the Upper House had the power to amend or reject them in the same way as the Lower House and the Governor - General was empowered to resolve the differences by summoning a joint sitting .
It has to be controlled to make it useful .
The people need an organisation or a medium by which they can express and possess their sovereign .
Under the scheme of our Constitution and its provision of universal adult franchise people exercise their sovereign power while casting their votes to elect representatives to the Union Parliament .
Parliament becomes the people ' s institution par excellence through which the sovereign will of the people finds expression .
In the beginning the Indo - Greek City States or the cities of India and during the Vedic period the people themselves assembled together to decide government matters .
People thus exercised their power directly to decide matters of the state and this kind of polity could be called direct democracy .
But with the gradual increase in the size and population of political parties and ultimately with the formation of modern nation - states it became impossible for the people to assemble at a place to discuss matters of state and arrive at decisions smoothly.
All forms of direct democracy therefore soon became practically extinct all over the world except in some of Switzerland in Switzerland where they can still be decided by people on different matters .
Modern democracy has become necessary to have a representative democracy where people exercise their sovereign power through their elected representatives .
The term संसदीय means a specially democratic political order where sovereignty vests in a body of people ' s representatives called Parliament .
This is the pivot of the nation ' s political system .
The President of the Republic is directly elected by the Election Board consisting of elected members of both Houses of Parliament and elected members of the State Assemblies .
Though the President of India is a part of Parliament he does not sit in either House or participate in its discussions .
Some of the constitutional functions related to Parliament which he has to perform are invited by the President from time to time to meet both the Houses of Parliament .
He can prorogue the two Houses of Parliament and dissolve the Lok Sabha .
Moreover whilst the two Houses of Parliament are not in session and the President is satisfied that there exist conditions which are necessary for them to be dealt with immediately by an ordinance which has been passed by Parliament and so on .
Moreover he has the power to decide after obtaining the opinion of the Election Commission whether a duly elected member is subject to the disqualifications laid down in Article 108 of the Constitution .
His decision in this matter is final .
Rajya Sabha ( Rajya Sabha ) as its name suggests is a Council of States or a Council of States .
The different States of the Union have not been given equal representation in the Rajya Sabha .
Thus while Uttar Pradesh has 34 members in the Rajya Sabha smaller States like Manipur Mizoram Mizoram Manipur Mizoram Myanmar Sikkim , Tripura etc. have only one member .
The populations in some of the Union Territories such as Andaman and Nicobar Islands Chandigarh Dadra and Nagar Haveli Daman and Diu and Lakshadweep are too small to be represented in the Rajya Sabha .
Under the Constitution Rajya Sabha consists of not more than 250 members .
Round Table Conferences and the White Paper: Finally the government decided to call a Round Table Conference in London in November 1930 to consider constitutional reforms .
This was followed by two more such conferences .
After three Round Table Conferences the British Government published a White Paper in March 1933 .
The Plan provided for a federal structure and provincial autonomy .
Responsible government was proposed at the Centre and in the Provinces .
The British Parliament constituted a Joint Committee of the two Houses to further consider the Government ' s Scheme in the White Paper .
The Joint Committee met with Lord लिनलिथगो with a majority of members .
Representatives of British India and the Native States were invited to give evidence before this Committee as witnesses .
The Joint Committee submitted its report in November 1934 .
Based on this report a bill was prepared and moved to the British Parliament on the 19th December 1934 .
Further if Rajya Sabha is empowered by at least two - thirds of the members of the Assembly present and voting. It is necessary or expedient in a constitution to provide an all - force to the Union and to the States under the Constitution .
The term संसद is used rather loosely to connote several different ways .
But it requires the Council to function in aid and advice itself .
Thus the President is only the formal constitutional or nominal head .
The Government of India is made up of ministers and the Prime Minister of the government .
Besides there is a permanent administration consisting of civil services ; large sections of administrators are technical experts and other administrative staff which in fact helps the ministers in the formulation and implementation of policies .
For the sake of conceptual clarification therefore the term राजनीतिक may be used to indicate the political executive i . e . the Council of Ministers while the administration or the administration ' means permanent services or administrative machinery .
The Union List . the longest of the three lists - वैदेशिक Defence वैदेशिक Foreign Affairs वैदेशिक Railways वैदेशिक communications रेलवे banking and so on are important subjects .
Moreover the law of the Union in the event of a conflict between the Union and the State in respect of the same subject in the Concurrent List is the first to place in other words the legislature in the Union .
In favour of any law of the State on a subject of the concurrent territory there is an exception to the rule in favour of the law of the State in any matter prior to the Parliament if it has been admitted in conflict with a legislature .
But there is no bar to Parliament in this provision that it cannot amend or alter it later in a legislation made by the State Legislature .
The executive power of each State is required to be exercised in such a way as to ensure compliance with the laws made by Parliament .
Even in the areas exclusively reserved for the States the Parliament has the power to legislate under certain circumstances .
Moreover while a proclamation of Emergency is in operation the Parliament ' s power of legislation widens so that it can पर on any matter in the State List .
Though a power exercised by Parliament in national interest or during emergency is not restricted to the general legislative power of a State Legislature . in case of टकराव the legislation made by the Parliament remains in force and in force till it is in operation .
When the two Houses passed it and on August 4 1935 the king gave his assent to it he became the Government of India Act , 1935 .
The Government of India Act . 1935 the most remarkable feature of the Government of India Act 1935 was that it envisaged an all - India federation of the Indian states willing to join the British provinces and the Union .
By the 1930 Round Table Conference India was a unitary state and whatever powers the Provinces possessed were given to them by the Centre .
The 1935 Act for the first time provided for a federal system which would include not only the Provinces of British India but also the Chief रियासतें province and the princely states .
It finally broke the unitary system under which British India had so far been administered .
The principle of the constitution of 1919 was decentralisation rather than decentralization .
Provinces were free from Central control in the area under normal conditions .
The Act separated Burma from India and created two new provinces of Orissa and Sind .
In view of the proposed scheme at the Centre eleven provinces of the गवर्नरों were transferred completely from the " supervision and control of the Central Government and the Secretary of State except for certain specific purposes .
In other words the कर Provinces were given a separate legal personality .
Moreover Parliament is empowered to abolish or create a Legislative Council in a State by a simple procedure not involving an amendment of the Constitution .
This can only be done by an Act of Parliament if the Legislative Assembly of a State passes a resolution to this effect by a special majority .
The final but important thing is that Parliament exercises some control over the states through the Governor .
As we know : The President is a constituent of the Parliament and at the same time he is also the head of the Executive of the Union .
Governors of states are appointed by them and they hold office during the pleasure of the President .
Moreover the President may make such provisions in any contingency not provided for in the Constitution for the discharge of the functions of the Governor of the State which he thinks fit .
All these facts however do not imply that there are only administrative agents in the State in India .
There is no one in your area subject to each other .
In the words of Dr Ambedkar the States are as sovereign as in the sphere assigned to them by the Constitution .
The scheme of provincial autonomy envisaged by the Act provided for a executive and a legislature in every province .
The Council of Ministers was made responsible to the Legislature and could dismiss it by passing a no - confidence motion .
The Legislature could exercise some control over the administration through questions and supplementary questions .
But the Central Legislature could not accept or reject nearly 80 per cent of the grant - in - aid .
In the legislative sphere the legislature could also pass laws on subjects included in the Concurrent List though in case of divergence the Federal law would prevail .
The federal part of the constitutional scheme under the Government of India Act 1935 was most impractical .
The Provinces refused to accept the Federation ' s scheme and since the conditions laid down in half - the princely states could not be fulfilled and the Bharat Federation of India established under the 1935 Act did not come into existence .
Elections to the provincial legislatures under the Government of India Act 1935 were held in February 1948 .
The Congress once again won a big contest .
On the whole the कांग्रेस Congress came to occupy हुए seats in the normal places .
In the case of गोलक the Supreme Court उलट its earlier decisions by a majority of 6 and pronounced that the fundamental powers involved are संसद that article 368 of the Constitution has no constitutional power to amend it by article 13 .
In 1973 in the case of गोलक . Bharti vs. state of Kerala 21 Supreme Court reviewed its decision in the case of गोलक Nath .
Ten of the 13 judges held that Art. 368 itself contained the power to amend the Constitution and that in Articles 13 ( 2 ) the law ( 2 ) does not imply a constitutional amendment under Art. 368 .
Accordingly the law declared in Golak Nath ' s case was cancelled .
On the question whether the amendment under article 368 is complete and infinite ; seven of the judges with a majority of whom it was thought were subject to an underlying limitation by संविधान power.
The above clause states that the amendments powers of the Constitution under Art. 368 ( 1 ) which is a constituent power ; there are no limitations of शक्ति and ( b ) and no constitutional amendment Act can be made .
But the constitution was करार and based entirely on the principle of fundamental structure was करार by the Supreme Court with a nil agreement to clause ( 4 ) and ( 5 ) in the case of the Indian Union .
The present position of the principle of principle is that unless the decisions of the केशवानन्द case are rejected by another full bench of the Supreme Court the Court may interfere with any of the essentials .
The Muslim League was defeated badly in seats reserved for Muslims and in the Muslim majority provinces .
In fact it was only 51 out of मुस्लिम Muslim seats .
The Congress got a clear majority in the Madras Presidency the United Provinces of Bihar Madhya Pradesh and Orissa and won nearly half of the total seats in Bombay .
It emerged as the largest party in Assam and the North - West Frontier Province .
In Punjab the Congress Socialist Party won a clear majority .
Several small groups were formed in Bengal and Sind .
The Government of India Act 1935 occupies a very important and permanent place in constitutional history from India .
The Act sought to give a written constitution to the country .
Though the people of India or its representatives had no hand in building this document and it had many serious defects it cannot be denied that it was in all and in many ways a progressive step .
Centuries later the Indians had the opportunity to take some responsibility for running the administration of their country .
Justice Ramaswamy said :
It is clear that so far there has been no consensus in this regard among the judges and no majority judgement is available laying down all the elements of the Constitution to be considered the basic elements .
The court has not done anything to add to the list of basic elements as suggested by different judges in various cases .
In Indira Gandhi ' s case Justice हे has observed that the principle of basic structure should be considered in every case and the same should be considered not in the abstract but in the context of the concrete problem .
The conditions of service and tenure of office of the members of the Commission cannot be changed to their disadvantage after his appointment .
The Chief Election Commissioner cannot be removed from his office except through a process as a judge of the Supreme Court .
Other Election Commissioners cannot be removed from office without the recommendation of the Chief Election Commissioner .
The Central and State Governments have to provide as many officers and कर्मचारीवृंद as are necessary for the proper discharge of their duties and functions and for all such officers and staff members to the Election Commission in full discharge of their functions .
Likewise for the district there is a District Election Officer who coordinates and supervises all work relating to जिले in his district under the direction of the Chief Electoral Officer .
3 Usually the District Collectors or Deputy Commissioners are designated as the District Election Officer .
They appoint presiding and polling officers for the polling stations .
It is the duty of the polling officer at the polling station to perform the duties of the प्रेजाइडिंग officer and to interpret the 5 members in the course of the general interpretation of the Lok Sabha the dissolution of the Election Commission .
The petition can be presented on the basis of disqualifications to fill the seat or adopting during the election any corrupt practices forbidden by law .
If proved the High Court has the power to declare a successful candidate void on one basis .
If in a petition it is claimed by the न्यायालय . that most of the votes were found and if the successful bidders did not adopt such corrupt practices as they did then they will not contest the election if the candidate could .
Electoral Reforms During recent years widespread concern has been felt in the matter of the influence of Money Laundering शक्ति and शक्ति power.
The tenth general elections of 1991 were reported to be particularly brutal violent and associated with all kinds of offences and riots murders and murders .
Video and other media coverage of elections and booth capturing rigging bogus voting - making धार्मिक misuse of religious and caste identities and various other corrupt practices have made electoral reforms imperative.
Popular ministers were formed by the elected representatives in the provinces .
The terms like the Premier and the Minister ( letter ) were first used and the priority of the Prime Minister was recognised .
There were occasions when differences between the Governors and Ministers cropped up but the Governors in the Congress Provinces traditionally respected the ministers and powers of the ministers and did not interfere in day - to - day administration .
The ministers too performed their duties with great ability impartiality and devotion .
Even the British administrators were surprised and influenced by the administrative acumen and acumen displayed by Indian ministers .
Towards independence ( 1942 - 1947 ) People ' s elected ministers were in existence for two years .
All the Congress Ministries resigned in 1939 in protest .
In 1940 the Muslim League passed the Pakistan resolution .
Accordingly the Cabinet Minister . Sir Stafford Cripps was sent to India in August 1942 .
His proposals were rejected by all political parties .
The sitting of the Houses are sent to Members with the invitation of a meeting a provisional date of sittings showing the date on which such allotted to them as will be conducted .
The sittings of the House ( i . e . g . i . e . g . i . e . g . i . e . g . i . e . g . from मध्याह्न to मध्याह्न p . g . 4 p . g . g . g . g . g . g . पू ) . g .
13 But there are many occasions when the House also takes over lunch and sits late .
The number and duration of Lok Sabha sittings from the first to the ninth Lok Sabha period is given in परिशिष्ट 1 at the end of this chapter .
The serial and agenda of work may be divided into two main heads namely: -
14 Public work can be divided into two categories : ( a ) works which are initiated by the government ( b ) which are initiated by non - official members but taken up by non - official members .
The directions given by the Speaker in accordance with the priorities set by them in the following manner: निधन or affirmation निधन ii Issue of निधन निधन iii निधन iv वैयक्तिक वैयक्तिक वैयक्तिक वैयक्तिक वैयक्तिक statements on the floor of the राष्ट्रपति
Additional points made by a minister or other members expressing mistakes and personal responsibilities by the members throw up some other functions in this category such as the question of : adjournment motions public importance in matters of urgent public importance .
When the automatic vote recorder is out of order or when seats or division numbers have been assigned the method of distribution of slips is used .
Members are supplied at their seats with सीटों printed slips for recording their votes .
अंग्रेजी is printed in green both in English and Hindi on one side and in red for the other .
The members are expected to record votes of their choice by signing and writing their names division numbers and dates legibly at the appropriate places .
Members who do not want to use the votes fill in a abstention slip printed in yellow both in English and Hindi .
If a member is not allotted a seat / division number he may write his name under his signature constituency , states and date legibly below .
The officer at the Table छानबीन the पक्ष and पक्ष slips and counts the votes recorded thereon and संकलन the result .
The result so arrived at is announced by the Chair .
The Presiding Officer does not have the right to vote in the first instance but in case of equality of votes he may vote the vote which may be decisive.
Statutory protection has been given to the publication in newspapers or broadcast by wireless telegraphy of substantially true reports of any proceedings of either House of Parliament provided the reports are for the public good and are not actuated by malice .
Normally no restrictions are imposed on reporting the proceedings of the House .
The Parliament is entitled to take action for any malicious writing speech etc. casting reflection or aspersion on its functioning or on the functioning of its members or its committees .
But unless the criticism is fair and sincere no action is taken .
Facilities provided to the Press in Parliament include those of a solicitor Gallery the Press rooms of the press supplies of parliamentary papers and press releases access of प्रेस . and Central Hall use of संसद library and reference services .
A beginning was made in 1989 by broadcasting the President ' s Address to the members of both the Houses with a view to bringing the proceedings closer to the people of Parliament .
The Question Hour in both Houses - LRB - December 1991 - RRB - is being telecast on Doordarshan the following day .
The broadcasting of Question Hour in 1992 was started in 1992 .
Important opportunities such as the Railway Budget and the General Budget are also telecast on the Doordarshan and the entire proceedings for the purposes of the Museum and for future use are being brought out directly by the All - India House of AIR 1994 .
Bills moved in the Rajya Sabha which have not been passed by the Lok Sabha but are still pending in the Rajya Sabha ; a Bill may be assented to by both Houses and by the Speaker to dissolution of the Bill after its resolution.
The Bills passed by both the Houses and sent to the President for his assent do not lapse on dissolution of the Lok Sabha.
Bills returned by the President for reconsideration do not lapse and can be considered by the new House .
The proposals conceded that India would be Dominion Status and after war Indians were entitled to frame a constitution for themselves in their Constituent Assembly .
But the Provinces were allowed to accept or not to adopt a new Constitution .
The Congress therefore rejected them because they opened the door to possibilities of dividing India into smaller pieces and making no provision for truly effective power for the Indian representatives during the war .
In July 1942 the Subhas Chandra Congress Working Committee passed a resolution demanding that the British left India .
The All India Congress Committee adopted the resolution in Bombay on 8 August 1942 .
In his speech before the Committee Gandhiji declared that it was a decision.
Arrest of Congress leaders was followed by a countrywide movement .
In the meanwhile Linlithgow met Lord Wavell .
It was stated in the Ninth Plan that until the Indian self became a Constitution the executive would be भारतीयकरण into an interim order and included Indian politicians on the basis of equality among the सिखों Muslims and caste Hindus .
The War Department was to continue with the Commander - in - Chief but in charge of the Department of the External Affairs there was to be an Indian member .
Such a quality may be either natural or cultivated ; but in a wise and capable Speaker it is certainly a very effective measure .
While considering or not to discuss the various proposals to be received the Speaker has always been able to take care of his basic duty to deal with the various matters which may arise from time to time.
Whenever there is any doubt he usually gives an opportunity to the House to express his views .
He does not so conceive his duties or powers as he is independent of the House or his power to override the authority of the House or to revoke the decisions of the House .
He is a part of the House and acquires powers from the House for the better functioning of the House .
He is ultimately a servant of the House and not its master .
Ten . A Bill before it is presented to the President for his assent he certified by his signature that the Bill has been passed by the House .
He is empowered to correct patent errors in a Bill after it has been passed by the House and to make such other changes as may lead to amendments by the House .
He receives documents petitions messages addressed to the House and all orders of the House are executed through him .
He had however held the same office in the Constituent Assembly ( Legislative ) and continued to be the Speaker of the Provisional Parliament when the Constitution was started .
Those who came to be known as the Speaker Lok Sabha or as प्रेजीडेंट from which he was known till 1947 are as follows :
23 The Deputy Speaker is the Chairman of the Budget Committee which approves the Budget proposals of the Secretariat before they are sent to the Ministry of Finance to include in the General Budget .
Moreover unlike the Speaker . the Deputy Speaker pro - Deputy Speaker pro - Deputy Speaker in respect of his officers and staff has no function or responsibility .
Thus the Deputy Speaker is the Presiding Officers but not the Deputy Speaker of the Speaker as the overall executive or administrative head of the Secretariat or the House .
Most of the time in the sitting of the House is presided over by the Speaker while the Speaker is busy in other parliamentary matters in his room .
Usually the Speaker takes the Chair during the forenoon , particularly during the Question Hour and the most crucial period following soon after the Question है
He may come and preside at any time during the day whenever he finds some matter of special significance under discussion or any special situation necessitating his presence in the House .
The Deputy Speaker ' s rulings are final in so far as the matters under discussion on which they were given are concerned but the Speaker may for the sake of certainty of procedure and uniformity of practice give general guidance to be followed in future .
The Simla Conference : the Viceroy convened a conference of Indian leaders at Simla .
The conference lasted from 25 June to 14 July 1945 .
Elections and Cabinet Mission : Elections to the Central Legislative Assembly in India were held long ago and finally in the last quarter of 1945 .
Elections to the Provincial Assemblies were completed by April 1946 .
The result was that the Congress had received absolute majority in eight provinces ( Assam ) Bihar ( Assam ) Bombay Presidency Province - LRB - CP - RRB - Bombay Madras Presidency ( north - west ) Orissa and the United Provinces ) .
In the remaining three provinces the Congress was the second largest party .
But while the record of Congress successes in the general constituencies was most effective and in fact the party ' s position improved over the 1937 results it fared badly in the reserved Muslim constituencies .
Occasionally the Deputy Speaker may reserve a matter for a ruling by the Speaker or may consult him before giving a decision .
The Deputy Speaker has a right to speak in the House to participate in its deliberations and to vote a motion before the House as a member on a motion but this can only be done when the Speaker is not .
In the joint sitting of the two Houses if the Speaker is absent he presides over such a meeting and exercises the powers of the Speaker as he passes through the deliberations of the House .
The Deputy Speaker may take part in the politics of his party but in practice he अलग himself from the controversial issues so far as possible in order to maintain his impartiality in the House .
The conventions and traditions that have grown round the Deputy Speaker ' s office if he is nominated or appointed a member of a Parliamentary Committee he is also appointed its Chairman .
Usually a member of the Opposition is chosen.
The Deputy Speaker ' s post which was called Deputy President by 1947 had its origin with the Central Legislature .
The names and calendar of persons holding the office of the Deputy Speaker are as follows :
before independence
1921 Sinha ( February 1921 )
Sir 1921 1921 ( 21 September 1921 )
Diwan Bahadur T . बहादुर ( 4 February 1924 ) .
Sir Muhammad याकूब ( 30 January 1927 )
जनवरी ) ( 19 January 1931 )
Abdul चौधरी Choudhury ( 21 March 1934 )
All India Chandra Dutt ( February 5 February 1936 )
Sir Mohammad मोहम्मद Khan ( 5 February 1946 )
अय्यंगर Ayyangar ( 30 May 1952 1952 - 8 May 1956 )
David Jones and Paul जोन्स is trying to collect these सदाबहार from the वनों forests all over the world .
historical archive
कारण is the largest collection of tropical termites throughout the world and is best suited for research .
White ants are busy beings .
Their role in digging earth and soil heaps and carrying nutrients back from the dead plants is important .
Paul ' s Soil Team has been collecting clay samples from क्षेत्रों area to count the remaining termite species .
How do scientists use our historic collections as reference ?
They are using the Museum ' s collection as a reference .
It has over 80 per cent of the globally known termite species .
The Chairman may however reserve any important matter for the Speaker ' s decision .
It is a contempt of the House to denigrate his conduct while he is in the Chair ; he must be given full respect .
The Chairman is free to participate fully in all the discussions in the House and participate actively in all matters that come before the House including controversial matters .
He attends the meetings of his party and is usually an active member of his party .
Members for the Table III invariably choose either of the two parties - not of the ruling party or of the opposition parties .
The selection is generally made by the Speaker but he may consult the leaders of political parties in the House before selection .
Secretary - General is the third important officer of the House.
He is the adviser to the Speaker to the House and to the members on all parliamentary functions and activities and in all matters relating to procedure and practice .
As a permanent officer who is the principal officer of the Table and continues to serve as a continuous link between the changing various chambers and the Speakers General Secretary - General is the custodian of parliamentary conventions and traditions and fore - सदनों of the Houses first .
The Secretary - General discharges in his own right many legislative functions administrative and executive functions and renders services and facilities to the members .
He is the highest incharge of the Watch and Ward Organisation and the security in the precincts of Parliament property .
The Parliament Library also works under it the संसद Research Reference Documentation and Information Services .
He is responsible for the maintenance and upkeep of the buildings and properties of the Parliament .
As the overall head of the parliamentary Museum and Archives he is the custodian of the heritage of Parliament and the keeper of all parliamentary records .
He is the head of the legislative services and the Secretariat of the House and is responsible for its administration for maintaining discipline and for ensuring that the secretarial work of the House and its Committees is conducted efficiently and efficiently and efficiently .
He provides secretarial assistance and staff to all the Parliamentary Committees and is available to them for advice.
His role for the members and committees is that of a friend philosopher and guide .
Members of different political parties approach him for advice .
To a great extent he has to maintain the same role of impartiality and objectivity as that observed by the Speaker .
He must be fully conscious and व्यक्ति or soon व्यक्ति .
For a person holding the post of Secretary - General it is necessary that he is a genius and a master in the manifold functions of the Parliament he / she is entrusted with such a more technical and complicated nature that he is able to all grades .
Work is organised in such a manner that each unit acts a particular subject or aspect of parliamentary life and is equipped with talented employees who are technically equipped and who discharge their duties efficiently.
It is the duty of the Secretary - General to see that adequate personnel should be trained to fill the gaps occurring from time to time and that the efficiency of parliamentary work remains at a high level .
Much therefore depends upon the personality and mind of the occupant of the post of Secretary - General in giving shape and character to the secretarial सदन of the House .
His approach and perspective are always absolutely non - party and unbiased .
He is chosen from among the officers who have done commendable work in serving the Parliament by acting in various capacities in the Secretariat of the House .
The Speaker is the authority to choose and appoint him .
Once appointed he shall age a person who is now 60 years old and continue to be in his office until he attains the age of retiring .
He is not subject to criticism in the House and his actions in the House or outside are not discussed .
It is only the responsibility of the Speaker in order to safeguard the service and to give independence adequate safeguards in this respect that he performs his duties in a most humane and just fair measure .
The Lok Sabha Secretariat is completely separate and under the control of the Speaker so that the Parliament can get independent advice and its directions can be executed well without any outside interference or inner pressure .
The Secretary - General issues summons the members on behalf of the President and the members of the House for whom he enters and receives such other matters as may be prescribed by him ; reports of them receive messages from the House .
As a Parliamentary Studies and Training Centre he conducts studies and studies of senior officers of the Government of India in respect of new Members of Parliament and new members of State Legislature Indian Administrative Service विदेश Indian Foreign Service and other All India Services.
He accompanies parliamentary delegations abroad and attends to numerous other activities of the Parliament .
When the Commonwealth राष्ट्रमंडल Conference is held in the country the Secretary - General of Lok Sabha is the ex - officio Secretary - General of the Conference .
Similarly questions which are of public importance and which are likely to be put together as starred questions .
But this is the discretion of the Speaker as he thinks fit for oral answers or written answers
8 In view of the time of the House and other business to be transacted it has been provided that a member of the Lok Sabha cannot ask more than five questions a day of both the starred and the अतारांकित category .
Further more than three starred questions can be admitted in the Rajya Sabha of the same member and not more than one starred question in the Lok Sabha .
The maximum number of questions in the लोक list of any day in the Lok Sabha is 230 .
There is no limit in the Rajya Sabha but generally over 200 questions in the राज्य question list of any one day .
To answer questions the Ministries and Departments of the Government of India have been divided into five groups namely A . b . C . D and E groups respectively on Tuesday बुधवार Wednesday and Friday questions .
Groups are thus made that each minister has one day fixed in the Lok Sabha for answering questions and another day in a week for answering questions in the Rajya Sabha .
The Ministries are supplied with the list of finally admitted questions at least five days before the date fixed for asking questions in order to provide them sufficient time .
What are the questions to be asked which member has been admitted as a starred question for a particular day by the Speaker or the Chairman as the case may be for asking questions
The member in his place becomes a member who asks his question not only by reading the number of questions from the list .
After eleven the minister replies to the question .
No debate is permitted during the Question Hour on any question or answer given .
However supplementary questions or follow - up questions may be allowed for the purpose of के a fact regarding the answers given .
A member in whose name the question is recorded may ask two supplementary questions .
Other members who can by way of permission ask a supplementary question usually call a member of the government and the Opposition for asking one question .
Recognising the importance of the question the Speaker ensures the efficacy of this unique parliamentary device by allowing adequate number of supplementary questions and by giving the opportunity of asking the members of all parties of the House.
Short Notice Questions An opportunity for oral answer to a question of public importance may be given within a period of less than ten days .
13 The member who gives notice of such a question may briefly explain the reasons for asking questions at short notice .
If the minister agrees to answer a short notice question it is up to date indicated by him .
If the minister refused to answer the question on a short notice and he is of the opinion that the question is so important that the question should be answered in the House for the first day it may be answered .
Only one such question can be placed in the list of questions of a day .
At the end of the Question Hour questions - LRB - प्रश्न - RRB - if any is taken up and disposed of in the same way as the question for oral answers .
The terms for admissibility of short notice questions are the same as for ordinary questions for oral answers .
However a matter of urgent public importance may be brought before the House by a simple adjournment motion which may be held by the Speaker if he is agreed upon by a very regular motion with a very serious reference to a motion which the Speaker may advance notice .
( a ) matter should be certain ;
( b ) It has a factual basis ;
Thus the political situation in the country - LRB - विमान - RRB - राजनीतिक unemployment विमान rail accidents and air accidents - LRB - विमान - RRB - break up of railway का - are not the proper subject for general international situation .
Similarly shortage of transport vehicles मोटर cases of kidnapping dacoity , explosions communal tensions . communal tensions have been held not to be appropriate matters for the resolution .
By this resolution a question of privilege which is raised under a particular resolution must not be raised in a court of law a matter which has been discussed in the same session .
The subject matter of such a motion must be either directly or indirectly related to the conduct or error of the Government of India .
However if a subject of the State ' s jurisdiction concerns the constitutional event in the State or atrocities on Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes or the weaker sections of the community it may be considered for admission on merit.
In response to these suggestions the Cabinet Mission made it clear that its objective was not to lay down the details of a constitution but to activate the machinery by which Indians could decide the constitution .
The Interim Government was announced on August 24 1946 .
In it Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru . Sardar Vallabh - bhai Patel . Dr .
Rajendra Prasad . Asaf Ali शरतचन्द्र Sarat Chandra Bose . Dr .
John मथाई खां Sir अहमद Ahmed Khan Jagjivan Ram . Sardar Baldev Singh . Syed Ali . C . Rajagopalachari and Dr .
By law they were all members of the Viceroy ' s Executive Council and the Viceroy was the President of the Council .
He and eleven of his colleagues took the oath of office on September 2 1946 .
The door was opened to join the Muslim League later .
It is to be noted that the power to adjourn the House till it started when a discussion on such a motion was started does not come to its head until it finally settled down in the House .
On the other hand if the motion is passed it amounts to सरकार the government .
Though it does not amount to voting the government out of office it is proved that a government which has failed to prevent an adverse vote on an adjournment motion will not be able to survive the result of a No - confidence motion in the Council of Ministers .
Since adoption of an adjournment motion involves an element of censure against the government the Rajya Sabha does not exercise this procedure .
It is seen that the adjournment motion is rarely used .
For instance only 149 notices of the adjournment motions received during the seventh Lok Sabha were brought before the House and finally only 24 of them were admitted and no proposals were accepted .
The 80 notices on four subjects were admitted in the 8th Lok Sabha 1801 and conducted to 375 notices in the ninth Lok Sabha and 9 discussions .
The provision for Calling Attention Notices was first made in the year 1954.
Prior to him the need for a precise procedure to raise an important and urgent issue was felt .
Adjournment motion ( i . e . ) which is a censure motion against the government was confined to the constitutional framework .
The purpose of discussion is to make the House known to the members who have some facts about the subject and the ministers should make it clear to the good of the House and the country .
Under Rule 377 any of the spectators sitting in public places may have seen how our elected representatives tried to raise matters of rules and regulations which they felt as soon as possible by the House and the public sector at that time.
Immediately after the Question Hour सदस्य called by the Press is called है by many members के to raise such matters creating din and disorder in the House .
The Presiding Officers of the Houses were convinced that this practice was necessary to be put in some way in order to enable Parliament to take up matters which they might propose to take up and which no proposals were moved .
This was the practice of raising matters under Rule 377 in the Rajya Sabha and special mention .
Provisions of Rule 377 for the first time were taken on 14 May 1966 the matter of ill - treatment meted out to an M. P. by the police was raised with a member of Parliament .
It was a matter which could not be raised under any other rule .
By the end of October the सफल Viceroy managed to bring the League to the government anyhow .
The Government was reconstituted on 26 October .
Thus the League became a partner in the government .
Mountbatten Plan in March लुई 1947 Lord Louis Mountbatten was sent as the new Viceroy to arrange for a smooth transfer of power .
He reached India on the 22nd March 1949 .
They soon reached the conclusion that the Congress and the Muslim League could neither act in the Interim Government nor in their working together in the Constituent Assembly and so before the communal violence became more callous .
It was already becoming clear that the partition of the country could not be avoided and that it was the only way to avoid extreme strife and disorder anarchy .
Mountbatten prepared the plan for partition and after consultations with Opposition leaders in Britain a new policy statement was issued on 3 June 1947 in which the Mountbatten Plan was clearly explained .
Out of the names of three members in the Lok Sabha and five of the names of five members in the Rajya Sabha and these are hereby given notice of a resolution ( notice ) .
29 Those resolutions may be placed in the official list if admitted .
When called by the Chair the member concerned moves the resolution and makes a speech on it .
After 30 other members and related ministers can also speak .
31 For discussion on resolutions of non - official members the time limit is allocated by the Committee on Private Members' Bills and Resolutions .
Generally two hours are allotted for discussion on these resolutions .
After the minister ' s speech the resolution has a right to reply .
( b ) Government Resolutions moved by ministers are called government resolutions .
The minister also has to give notice to the Secretary - General his intention to move a resolution .
It is in the discretion of the government to decide the date for discussion and to draw time .
The governments today perform manifold functions from maintaining law and order and protecting the state from foreign aggression to implementing plans for social and economic welfare of the people .
Moreover several social services like housing education health and employment for people are provided by the government .
Needless to say governments need money to discharge these functions .
Where did this money come from ?
Who sanctions the money ?
The necessary funds are mobilised from the country ' s resources by way of taxes savings etc .
No discussion on the issue of any principle or policy is permitted in the main Budget on schemes which have been sanctioned .
As far as these demands are not sanctioned the question of policy implicit has to be confined to the items of expenditure which are being accepted in the House .
General grievances cannot be disclosed during discussion on supplementary grants .
The members can only say whether the supplementary demand is necessary .
During discussion on Excess Demands for Grants members can point out how money has been spent है or that it should not have been utilised .
At this stage the discussion remains limited and there is no scope for general discussion or complaint expression .
Although a very small number of non - official members take the form of law they have a good purpose for they are brought to the notice of the government and the people of the country to amend or make any changes in the existing law .
They can be classified according to the subject matter of the Bills as follows:
Original bills which provide for new proposals ideas and policies ;
Bills to replace Ordinances issued by the President .
In such a situation it is not necessary to have the permission of the House to pass a Bill .
In other words the Bill does not go through stage of introduction .
( ii ) Second Reading of the Bill is the most detailed and important stage in which it is examined in detail and minute details .
The second reading or the consideration stage consists of two steps which may be called the first stage and the second stage .
First stage there is a general discussion on the whole Bill ; the विधेयक i . e . i . e . the concepts underlying the Bill and its details .
At this stage the House may either refer the Bill to the Select Committee of the House or the Joint Committee of the two Houses or circulated to it for eliciting opinion thereon.
A Bill may be referred to a Select Committee or a Joint Committee .
The members of the Select Committee are drawn from among the members of the House to which the Bill has been introduced .
In the case of the Joint Committee members of both the Houses are represented ; in such a case the ratio between members of the Rajya Sabha and Rajya Sabha is 2 : 1 .
The Chairman of the Joint Committee is appointed by the Presiding Officer of the House in which the Bill has been introduced .
The Bill thereafter passes through the Committee stage and the Bill is presented as a विधेयक report to the House .
After the report of the Select or the Joint Committee on the Bill is presented to the House the Minister may make a motion for any of the three — - LRB - i - RRB - viz. a Bill being re - referred to or to the Bill as reported by the Committee of the Bill (
The debate then remains confined to the Bill as reported by the Committee and the clause of the Bill cannot be discussed again since the Bill is adopted to refer to the Committee the House remains committed to the principle of the Bill .
The second stage begins the clause - by clause consideration of the Bill or the Bill as reported by the Select / Joint Committee .
Each clause is placed before the House separately for discussion .
The amendments thereto can be moved after being placed before the House subject to the conditions of admissibility .
clause - wise consideration is often long and difficult as each clause is generally discussed separately and each amendment is passed by the mover ( except for a amendment which is withdraw by the House separately or is passed by the House .
Amendments if accepted become a part of the Bill .
In the remaining cases the stages of the Bill are the same as in the case of government Bills .
The complexities of modern civilisation and rapid industrialisation have of necessity made the State to shift its emphasis from the concept of laissez - faire to that of social welfare .
As a result the State has become increasingly a vehicle for social and economic change .
The failure of the Simon Commission and the Round Table Conference which led to the establishment of the . Government of India Act 1935 which inspired the demands of the Constituent Assembly for the people of India .
The Congress adopted a resolution at its Lucknow Session in April 1936 .
The demand was firmly reiterated at the All India National Conference of Congress Legislators held in Delhi in March 1937 .
In August - October 1937 the same resolution was passed by the Central Legislative Assembly and the Provincial Assemblies of each of the Provinces .
After the Great War in 1939 the demand for a Constituent Assembly was repeated in a long statement issued by the Congress Working Committee on 14 September 1939 .
They declared that the only way to a just solution to communal and other problems was also the Constituent Assembly .
In the August 1940 the British Government accepted the demand for the Constituent Assembly for the first time officially though with the acceptance indirect and important conditions .
According to these proposals the task of building a new Constitution was now to be entirely Indian and the British Government made a clear undertaking to accept the constitution framed by the proposed constitution - making body .
After the failure of the Cripps Mission no steps were taken to resolve the Indian constitutional problem until the War in Europe came to an end in May 1945 .
As in case of Joint Committees the Council of Public Accounts is drawn from the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha members of the Committee on Public Undertakings and Committee on Welfare of Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes and Members of Government assurances from both the Houses .
As far as possible members of different parties and groups in the House are represented in Parliamentary Committees .
Usually the Committees are reconstituted every year on the basis of names of members suggested by leaders of parties or groups for consideration of and selection by the Presiding Officers .
The Parliamentary Committee holds office for a period not exceeding one year or for a period specified by the Speaker or until a new Committee is मनोनीत
The Business Advisory Committee . Committee . on Petitions Committee on Privileges and the Rules Committee continue in office till re - constituted whereas other Standing Committees hold office for a period not exceeding one year .
If no term is prescribed by the Speaker / Chairman for an ad hoc Committee it continues to hold office until the work has been completed and reports are completed .
The Committee ' s procedure is held in the Parliament House or Parliament House Annexe but in special cases their meetings can be held out with the permission of the Speaker / Chairman as the case may be .
The Committee has the power to take oral or written evidence .
The Committee may call upon the person for evidence on the दस्तावेज document and record but if a question arises that any person or evidence or a document is referred to or not to the Speaker for the purposes of the Committee .
The Committee may also appoint a Chief Committee . to enquire into the matters specified .
A sub - committee report is presented to the main committee .
There is no public hearing .
The proceedings in Committees are largely conducted in the same way as in the House but in the Committees there are more informal activities and on non - party basis .
A member may speak more than once on a question under consideration in the Committee .
All questions are decided by a majority of members present and voting .
In case of an equal division of votes on a matter the Chairman has a second or casting vote .
Thereafter the Committee drafts a report thereafter on the basis of the कार्यवाही of the sittings of the Committee containing the substance of deliberations of the Committee together with the recommendations.
They can make internal rules of the process themselves which require approval by the Speaker .
These Committees ordinarily do not go into questions of policy as policy formulation is a matter of complete involvement of Parliament and a Committee is not supposed to determine a policy already approved by Parliament .
In order to avoid possible interference in day - to - day administration the Committees examine only those acts which have already been done or not done which otherwise परंतु
But no minister or officer can expect them because of the constitution and authority of the Committees .
The Estimates Committee consists of 30 members from Lok Sabha .
Unlike the Public Accounts Committee and the Committee on Public Undertakings the members of Rajya Sabha are not co - opted with it .
This committee works as a Standing Economy Committee and its criticisms and suggestions are used to stop government expenditure .
The Constituent Assembly thus came to be a representative of all the states and provinces in India and became a body free from any domination of any foreign power .
The Constituent Assembly could abrogate or alter any law made by the British Parliament applying to India even the Indian Independence Act .
The Constituent Assembly duly inaugurated was on the appointed day Monday . 9 December 1946 at 11 .
A few days after the session of the Constituent Assembly Nehru moved a historic resolution on 13th December 1946 .
The beautifully worded resolution envisaged a blueprint for India ' s future sovereignty the sovereign democratic Republic .
Thus the Resolution gave to the Constituent Assembly its guiding principles and philosophy to which it was to function as a Constitution .
Finally on January 22 1948 the Constituent Assembly adopted the resolution .
The Constituent Assembly set up a number of committees to deal with various aspects of the problem of framing the Constitution .
These included the Union Constitution Committee the Union Powers Committee the Committees on Fundamental Rights and Minorities .
It possesses a large collection of rare books कला art books etc .
The earliest printed book is की .
From time to time and on specific occasions the Parliament Library organises Book Exhibitions on themes of interest .
The Reference and Documentation Division has been fully equipped to handle inter alia references received from members of Parliament .
The Research and Information Division has already reflected the information requirements of members of Parliament and makes them aware of the current developments in various national and international areas by वस्तुनिष्ठ information materials such as संसद news bulletin , etc .
The Press and Public Relations Wing looks after all the press and public relations work of the Lok Sabha Secretariat including the media in constant touch.
It also deals with all matters concerning the Press Gallery of the Lok Sabha - LRB - including the issue of press releases on various parliamentary events and activities .
PARLIS database is designed to cater to instant reference needs of the members of Parliament members of Parliament officers of Parliament संसद Committees कर्मिकों research and reference personnel and other employees .
The data generated in computers and the resources available for immediate retrieval contained in the two Houses of Parliament Questions and वाद issues reference issues and वाद विधेयक Bills जीवन of members biography of the Constitution ; socio - economic issues of members including the Speaker .
Certain parliamentary activities contained in the PARLIS database are also available on request of State Legislatures.
Some State Legislatures have already made arrangements to access some of the basic materials of the Parliament Library Information System to Parliament Library Information System through their computers को - 1000 .
PARLIS has been connected to जिला and can correspond with District Information Centres under the system ail over the country .
The main function of the documentation service is to maintain proper positions in the collection of all books and manuals of newspapers magazines newspapers magazines newspapers magazines newspapers magazines newspapers and periodicals etc and make their contents available to the Parliament daily and thereafter to perform their work .
Documentation cards are also prepared on all major subjects and filed in card catalogue है and fed in PARLIS database .
The Documentation Service brings out a fortnightly periodical Parliamentary है .
These press कतरनें are kept in a chronological sequence in separate folders and can be consulted or referred to by members in the library .
It is therefore necessary to train democratic set - up functionaries at various levels in the functioning of democratic set - up policy makers विधायकों legislators administrators and other functionaries at different levels by the policy makers and by training in the principles of parliamentary institutions .
Moreover their attitudes must also be oriented to the needs and responsibilities and the tenor and temper of parliamentary democracy .
It is also incumbent on the Parliament to ensure that necessary studies are conducted and necessary monitoring and training will be undertaken .
The Parliamentary Studies and Training Centre was established in 1976 as a division of Lok Sabha Secretariat with a view to providing full - time training and institutional attention to the problems encountered by legislators and authorities in various subjects of parliamentary institutions .
The Central Ministries / Departments are engaged in seminars and monitoring programmes for the members of Parliament and State Legislatures conducting extensive training and training of the newly appointed General Service officers of the Parliament the Senior and Cadre of the Indian Government and Senior all - India Officers .
When a parliamentary official is specifically asked to give advice on any matter relating to parliamentary work he should make available factual information and not advance his opinion .
The parliamentary officials are not concerned with what the member ' s ideology or with the political party .
Every member has a respected representative for parliamentary official members with whom he has to face with respect and patience .
As a servant of the House a parliamentary official must treat all members as equal .
Remembering always that all members are entitled to equal and impartial assistance from him ; he nominated every member who needs to serve his help in connection with his parliamentary duties diligently .
In order to fulfil his duties the officer has to acquire special knowledge in his domain .
Thus Speed and कार्यचालन are the core elements of the working of parliamentary officials .
In short some guidelines are as follows :
A special committee was set up to consider all of them with the recommendations of the Drafting Committee .
The recommendations made by the Special Committee were further considered by the Drafting Committee and some modifications were छांट .
It was moved to the Speaker of the Constituent Assembly on 26 October 1948 .
On November 4 1948 while submitting the draft of the Constitution in the Constituent Assembly for consideration Dr .
Ambedkar dealt with some common criticisms of the Draft particularly the criticism that it contained very little material in it that could claim originality.
He said : I would like to ask if a new constitution which would constitute this time in the history of the world could be said .
Seven years ago when the first written constitution was drafted .
Many countries followed it and converted their constitutions to writing .
What should be the basis of the Constitution ? so long as this question has been resolved .
Similarly the fundamental basis of the Constitution is , ; it knows the whole world .
When day after day the Houses are adjourned after scenes of मछली and without transacting any business one wonders whether these institutions are not becoming रहीं despite their high costs to the public exchequer .
It has also been observed that many of our elected representatives do not follow the basic norms of code of conduct in their personal behaviour and behaviour .
What more can be the loss of respect and worry of the delegates in a democracy ?
These Conferences are held in New Delhi ( Parliament House or Parliament House Annexe ) under the Chairmanship of the Chairman of the concerned Parliamentary Committee usually once in the lifetime of the Lok Sabha .
Parliamentary and State Legislatures Committees undertake frequent tours of the State Legislatures mostly New Delhi and several States taking part in their own - equal Committees and State Legislatures to exchange ideas on similar matters of common interest .
The visiting Committees also witness proceedings of Legislature Committees when they take evidence .
Parliamentary Committees also meet their counterparts in States at a time when they visit the states to transact on their subjects .
Seminars and symposia are held in New Delhi under the auspices of the Indian Parliamentary Group and Parliamentary Studies and Training Station in which members of Parliament and State Legislatures participate.
For the past few years a symposium on a subject of topical interest is also held on the last day of the annual conference of Presiding Officers .
When such requests were made an autonomous body called the Indian Parliamentary Group .
Members of Parliament may be members of the body .
Former members of Parliament may become associate members .
Speaker लोक Lok Sabha is the ex officio President and the Deputy Speaker Lok Sabha and Deputy Chairman Rajya Sabha are the ex officio President .
The Secretary - General Lok Sabha is the ex officio Secretary of the Indian Parliamentary Group .
The Group functions as the National Group of the Inter - Parliamentary Union and as the India Branch of the Commonwealth Parliamentary Union .
The constituent assembly accomplished the tremendous task of framing the constitution in less than three years .
But with the acceptance of the Constitution the journey did not end .
The Drafting Committee Chairman के Dr .
Ambedkar and the president of the Constituent Assembly . Dr .
Rajendra Prasad addressed the 25 and 26 November 1949 as' warning and careful words .
Dr .
Rajendra Prasad in his concluding speech observed that the Constituent Assembly had by all succeeded in making a good constitution and he was convinced that it would best meet the country ' s needs .
The constitution was finally signed by members of the Constituent Assembly on 24 January 1950 by the members of the Constituent Assembly .
The framers of our Constitution recognized something extraordinary a man of genius a great visionary a patriot and a freedom fighter .
Even if the Constituent Assembly was elected by the people on the basis of adult franchise it is difficult to imagine the better or more representative consequences .
The inter - governmental relations as representatives of the people may be a vital factor in reducing global tensions and कार्यपालिका the देशों between nations for they can build public opinion and make their impact on people and countries .
The Parliament of India exchanges delegations goodwill missions etc with foreign Parliaments and regularly participates through the Indian Parliamentary Group in the Conferences held under the auspices of the Inter - Parliamentary Union and the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association .
The Inter - Parliamentary Union is the Union of Parliamentary Groups set up in National Parliaments which aim to promote personal contacts among the members of all Parliaments and to pool them for common action to help and develop parliamentary institutions .
The Union meets twice a year and member countries are hosts .
The Commonwealth.
The Association meets in Conference annually and also assists in holding Seminars on Parliamentary Practice and Procedure at regional levels .
Since India has made a member of the Inter - Parliamentary Union and the Commonwealth has been taking considerable interest in the working of these institutions .
India hosted the राष्ट्रमंडल Inter - Parliamentary Union Conference in 1969 the Commonwealth Parliamentary Conferences in 1957 and 1975 and the Conference of Commonwealth Speakers and Presiding Officers in 1969 and 1986 .
Besides a number of international regional seminars have been organised in India from time to time .
Again in September 1991 the Commonwealth Parliamentary Conference and in 1993 the राष्ट्रमंडल Conference were hosted by India at New Delhi .
The centre and centre point of the building is the large edifice of the Central Hall the Great वृ
The Constituent Assembly of India ( 1946 - 49 ) met in this room .
In 1947 a historical transfer of power from British to Indian hands also took place .
The Hall is now used for joint - sittings of the two Houses Addresses by the President and by visiting dignitaries and the distinguished ministers .
The Hall is adorned with portraits of national leaders .
Surrounding these three Chambers is a four - storeyed circular structure providing accommodation for ministers Chairmen of Parliamentary Committees Party Offices important offices of the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha Secretariats and also the Offices of the Ministry of Parliamentary Affairs .
Four Committee rooms on the first floor are used for meetings of Parliamentary Committees .
Three other rooms on the same floor are used by the press correspondents who come to the Press Galleries of the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha .
A large number of books are placed outside the Parliament building by storing in other buildings .
For the convenience of members of Parliament two main refreshment rooms on the first floor and a few small tea , near the passages leading to the Chambers from the Central Hall are arranged .
Other amenities are railway booking offices pay office of the State Bank of India - its office number offices post office air booking and Central Public Works Department complaint centres .
The walls of the Parliament buildings have been inscribed by numerous holy texts which are an inspiration for discussion in the Houses .
As soon as the Parliament enters the संसद a Sanskrit quotation from the Upanishads the प्रभुता of the sovereignty of the nation the visible symbol of which the Parliament is a संसद .
Above the door of the central chamber we get from the की to see a stanza in Sanskrit which means it is mine and is a पराया ; this declaration is made by a narrow mind but the whole of the world .
A spacious lounge has been provided around जलाश्य .
Telephone exchange , telecom bureau हैं post office etc . are also in the process .
From the second to the fifth stage the Secretariats of the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha are located besides the offices of telephone संपदा New Delhi Municipality and Directorate of Estate संपर्क .
At the lower levels parliamentary study and training centres and staff library are located .
अंतर्राष्ट्रीय is considered to be an extremely efficient area ideally suited for national and international conferences .
All the five committee rooms of all the five are provided simultaneously as the Lok Sabha and the Rajya Sabha Chambers in the Parliament House .
The water reservoir is a prominent feature of the region .
A multi - purpose auditorium a branch of the State Bank of India ( स्टेट ) a large dining hall a private dining room and refreshment rooms including a milk bar are also located on the ground .
The same telephone is used for inter - working and outer times .
Arrangements exist for the inter - session periods for visitors पर्यटकों students and other interested persons to see Parliament buildings during specified hours .
A staff member with the audience who guides them and briefs them .
Special tours are also arranged for groups of students and others particularly interested in knowing about the working of parliamentary institutions .
Under such conditions the दर्शकों Parliamentary Studies and Training Centres provide a brief introduction.
In the last ten years the number of spectators visiting the buildings of Parliament buildings has been between 3000 to nearly के .
We all look forward to name all governments international organizations and people who want to be happy to work for some of the aims that have been agreed upon.
In many research papers का सीखने सीखने learning makes learning other languages easy .
It is also recommended that the courses in language should be studied in unison .
समुदाय community is one of those selected communities which are multi - lingual or multi - ethnic .
We believe let single - minded people learn to read and write for the sake of others .
अइधकार
The uneven distribution of the powers of languages in Hindi - LRB - लोगों - RRB - in most people language - LRB - असमानता - RRB - or this inequality forms an open language oppression .
Every member of the समुदाय community - LRB - whether he is a powerful समुदाय - RRB - or a weak member - tends to cross the limits of a settlement .
Language that may be politics - we maintain that there are several international agreements that are समझौतों because of the difference in the strength of our languages .
But the समुदाय community keeps the language as a धन and an धन money .
For this reason every language every kind of creature is worth जीव aid and जन्तु .
We believe that the pursuit of national languages is only a barrier to the freedom of conscience communication and democracy .
Our movement is a movement for human suffering .
Prague July 1996
The time in India was when Chidambaram . was born ; the time was for political awakening and cultural revival .
The institutions that we continued after Independence and embodied in the Constitution were institutions that फूले upon India .
The framers of the Constitution on the basis of old institutions which had already grown and known to which they had become familiar with and for which they had created enterprises despite all the limitations and limitations of all kinds .
By the Constitution the British rule was rejected but institutions which had developed during the British regime .
For constitution - making and institution - building is a living dynamic process ; and hence the procedure did not end on 26 November 1949 when the people of India laid down the Constitution - LRB - enacted - RRB - and gave themselves .
26 January 1950 In spite of the beginning of the Constitution of India the process of its creation was continued through its actual न्यायिक judicial interpretations and constitutional amendments .
The way and the kind of people who handled the Constitution from time to time gave it new meaning .
This trend continues .
The Constitution of India is in many respects a unique Constitution .
It has many features which distinguish it from other Constitutions of the world .
One day as a rule Ramalinga was sleeping in the courtyard of the temple when the priest of the temple woke and fed him .
The next morning it was discovered that the priest would leave him alone.
One day as he was resting an elderly lady who was spending her last days in the service of the temple requested him to reassure her as a miracle .
Ramalinga took a handful of sand from the sea - shore and put it in his hand .
He told him that when he had done so he sent him a number of शिवलिंग instead of रेत .
It may be noted that as per the popular belief the chief saint of the Saiva sect who belonged to the eleventh century A. D. who had disappeared into the के of ग्यारहवीं .
If the size of the Constitution is physically understood it is still the longest Constitution made in any country .
It is a very comprehensive document covering a number of subjects which could legitimately be the subject of ordinary legislation or administrative action .
This is because the Government of India Act . 1935 was essentially a law and was used as a model and an initial working form and large portions of it were incorporated in the Constitution .
Moreover the Constitution - makers did not want any doubts and difficulties and conflicts to be settled in the future .
In the United States apart from the federal Constitution each state has its own separate Constitution .
Because of the complexities and diversity of India it became necessary to provide several special and temporary , and miscellaneous provisions for certain regions of the country or classes of the people .
Not only did the Constitution contain a comprehensive charter of fundamental rights समाविष्ट it also specifies the limitations under which these must be governed .
Also the Constitution contains a statement of many Directive Principles of State Policy and Fundamental Duties of citizens .
Types of Constitution Written or पर The Constitution may be written like the American Constitution or unwritten and based on conventions like Britain .
Our Constitution is a written constitution although even the special role of tradition and conventions cannot be नकारा provided they conform to the provisions of the Constitution .
The bride was the daughter of his sister वधू . .
His age does not appear at the time of his marriage .
In many songs he refers to his fear of seeing the fading of his mother ' s roll .
In his poem हैं ) ( a son ) he refers to his beloved .
Was it my past deed chasing me?
Did she please you?
The next published as reported at the instance of Chairman Mudaliar was रामलिंग न्याय ( न्याय ) न्याय ( न्याय ) न्याय ( Nyaya ) where Ramalinga rendered the prevalent policy of bringing justice to a cow by रामलिंग Maharaj in a more elaborate manner .
It was published by धार्मिक चेट्टियार Chettiar in 1854 for the Society for Religious Education .
A hundred ballads were published by Ramalinga on रामलिंग - i - शताब्दी A . D - RRB - The सत्रहवीं of the seventeenth century A. D. in his introduction to which his स्पष्टीकरण was published .
This was published by मुदलियार Mudaliar in 1855 .
It may be noted that this publication was for free distribution .
Ramalinga did his final decision in favour of the name के like any rational scholar and पुरालेख .
He concluded his thesis with the following words :
If still a few people have not been moved away I will draw their attention to the stone inscriptions in the temples built by King शंकर महाराज in which they have chosen as खुदे .
They can spot the stone inscriptions in में . and other temples for doubts .
It must also be mentioned that the stone inscriptions in these places bear the name of the region .
The third book edited by Ramalinga was रामलिंग चिन्मय ( Guide to Spirituality of the poet आध्यात्मिकता of आध्यात्मिकता )
This was published by Madurai Mudaliar m 1857 .
The second volume of Ramalinga ' s हुइ की की रामलिंग was published soon after his death .
Years later when he left for Vadalur some of his disciples addressed him constantly to issue a definitive edition of his songs .
This book was named . ( the sacred book of कृपा ) .
Though he was able to spend most of his time in Madras city he spent his whole day outside the city for home late at night .
After a long pause in Madras he writes :
Of the five shrines in Tamil Nadu representing symbolically the five elements : ( Indian mythology ) representing the earth as वायु water fire air and ether ) Chidambaram the most subtle air and ether ) .
Now the apparent paradox ( or what seems to Hindus ) is made clear here .
According to रामलिंग in his boyhood Ramalinga had acquired the grace of Lord Siva of Chidambaram. In his boyhood he had also won the देवता of बाल्यकाल ( स्कंदन ) बाल्यकाल or स्कंदन ( स्कंदन ) or स्कंदन temple deity in Madras .
Then he returned to the worship of Lord Siva of Chidambaram.
He remembered in Chidambaram.
Different theories may be active at a higher level .
Ramalinga ' s principle of मानव establishes man' s relationship with life in the universe as the obverse of his relationship with God .
To Ramalinga ' s conception the four prophets of Saivism were . of the four paths as oriented to . or ईश्वरोन्मुख - i - Ishq . or ईश्वर . God ' s servant मित्र realizing God within himself .
In 1867 at the inauguration of the Sanmarga Veda Dharma - LRB - धर्मशाला - RRB - he read a tract of his tract called जीव ( जीव - LRB - जीव - RRB - which he had started writing before 1866 .
The following were :
People must remember that they must hasten to bring to fruition the rare chance of human birth .
The book was published in 1879 five years after his death with the titles of his disciples , The yoga of Divine Works the first step on the path of truth रामलिंग Ramalinga paints it in his letters to his disciples and disciples .
If vegetarianism exists in Tamil Nadu to the highest extent it is to be thanks to Ramalinga . .
We would like to draw रामलिंग attention to the समाज ( समाज ) in which Ramalinga regarded आध्यात्मिक as the most important for spiritual realisation as प्रतिपूरक and man ' s association with God .
The Sanmarga Sangam ( करूंगुझी ) करूंगुझी ( करूंगुझी ) which he founded in 1865 in the second phase of his stay in Karunguzhi 1858 - 67 ) served as the basis of the third round of Vadalur ( 1867 - 70 ) .
At the same time the first two phases in the last years of शिष्यों शिष्यों had their effect as the publication of his poems by शिष्यों pupils .
The book was published by एशियाटिक Press मद्रास 292 लिंग लिंग Street लिंग financed by एशियाटिक Chettiar of मद्रास .
During this long - drawn process Ratna Mudaliar wrote to Ramalinga in March 1866 to give him permission to publish Ramalinga ' s name in the form of Ramalinga . .
Ramalinga replied : It is contrary to my resolve to be Ramalinga to identify himself as master .
It seems to me that the epithet is बचना and so it is better to avoid it .
He consoled himself by saying to his disciples ? ' 'This means ' Who is the one to question Ramalinga who is full of the divine grace ?
( in Tamil the words lend themselves to this interpretation .
At the time of publication of the book Ramalinga left Karunguzhi for Vadalur when he was on his way to the next stage of his spiritual progress his poetic career took place in Vadalur and Mettukuppam .
रामलिंग Velayuda Mudaliar in his statement to the Theosophical Society described Ramalinga in English .
Ramalinga was a man of medium - sized men with a thin frame of bone and yet strong अस्थियों with roots running straight and drooping lips covering a long face .
In the last days he had long hair बाल he wore his shoes which were uncommon to Yogis .
Their dresses were just two pieces of white cloth .
He was extremely संयमी .
They never rested even for a moment .
He was a vegetarian , he ate once in two or three days and was content with having some sweets.
A fascinating face strangely haunting eyes beaming with compassion and mercy .
They shunned indulgence in cloth .
In the early days they ate twice a day .
Later वह had been once in two or three days but only a few कौर .
It is said that in his youth he slept three hours a day and then two hours a day and then one hour according to his disciples he gave up his sleep .
They speak to God ; you have forbidden ; for sleep .
According to him he is apprehensive of sleep :
I am a निद्रा of hatred yearning उस
They object to sleep :
What confusion is this ?
A monkey soldier with a वानर fool should be removed .
Stop playing pranks here that you play with others .
Spending days and nights in meditation and composing poems he gave discourses in the house or in the Sabha and flocked to listen to them .
In Venkata . ' s house in Karunguzhi the mistress of the house herself used to light the lamp in his room and keep near it a mud pot of oil with which to replenish the fire .
One day the mouth of the pot was मुंह and मुतियालम्माल wanted to change it .
Then she left the house for the next village .
When रामलिंग returned the next morning she found Ramalinga absorbed in writing and the lamp burning.
He forgot all about him and what had suddenly turned into a miracle .
His miracles are illustrative and cannot be cited here .
The judge asked the Yogi Who killed you ?
Yes said योगी : योगी man who brought me here hit me with a stone .
The judge understood that no better explanation could be served by the Yogi .
Then on his own he gave the proper sentence to the man who had hit the ascetic.
During his stay in Cuddalore Ramalinga had a chance encounter with a leader of Brahmo Samaj.
The debate was noted down by नारायण ' s Narayana किया of नारायण who stated that it was a verbatim record of the controversy .
It was published in 1893 by Sanmarga Sangam Society for Religious Harmony in Universal Practice .
On 16 January 1867 Ramalinga was present at a festival in के near Cuddalore on the bank of the river थे .
The locals were exposed to his speech before.
While जबकि - पूजा is the only way to meditate on God ' s . 1 In short Ramalinga said " Those who have realised Brahman can think beyond them .
Some in the crowd turned to Naicker and said " please let us have your view . "
They said they wanted to settle the matter together - even through correspondence .
नायक्कर Naicker declared 'To worship the idol is empty and निखट्टू .
The Vedas and the Great रामलिंग prove this रामलिंग ' 'said Ramalinga .
रहे kept quiet .
'Is there nothing that can be perceived by the mind that cannot be perceived by इंद्रियो ? "
" You must tell me " Ramalinga said .
Then the senses can give notice to the mind of bliss saying रामलिंग .
" The great saints have said " The bliss of bliss experienced by the ears and other senses .
He said . ( as has been recorded ) I opened my shop .
Now I am in this body .
Soon all bodies will be my .
Then came Friday of the eighth day of the bright fortnight ) January 30 1874 - LRB - जनवरी - RRB - As night का he called his followers together and said ( as recorded ) .
I shall stay in the room for ten - fifteen days .
He will not let me be visible .
Last announcement is repeated ten times in ten lines of the poem
It is the belief of those who believe that they have become one with God ; , and will ever appear .
One of his disciples रामलिंग स्वामिगल has recorded in eleven stanzas of a poem that Ramalinga had told him of his own accord .
The grace of the great Dancing Lord.
Dr .
Ambedkar had said in the Constituent Assembly that " from a parliamentary system we mean a man a man a man of faith " .
The founding fathers were committed to adherence to the practice of universal adult suffrage with every adult Indian without any distinction at once having equal rights to no discrimination .
The most fundamental demand among the leaders of our national struggle for freedom was that people had some basic human rights such as freedom equality and so on .
The problems of minorities accentuated the need for a formal declaration of certain fundamental rights in the text of the Constitution itself that could be made applicable to some वाद or courts .
Broadly the fundamental rights incorporated in Part III of the Constitution - LRB - which are those of the individual towards the state which cannot be अतिक्रमण .
For example it may be challenged in the Supreme Court or High Courts to provide a challenge to a person who is denied his independence or a law which gives a universal adult franchise.
It can be held unconstitutional and invalid unless these laws or executive functions are not covered by any restrictions spelled out in the Constitution itself .
Thus the Constitution also lays down the machinery and mechanism for the enforcement of fundamental rights .
Later he installed such mirrors in the Vadalur Hall as well as in the Siddhi वडलूर building of Vadalur .
Katha Upanishad says that the embodied self in the body can be perceived distinctly as an image in a mirror .
Like a mirror ( Brahm can be seen clearly ) In this body like a dream within this body : Like water in the country of the forefathers born in the earth ) light and shade different from the darkness .
To understand the symbol of the body and body one has to go towards the Upanishads .
Just as the mirror धूल with the brightness of the dust धूल on the head and when cleared up the lamp मनुष्य human being is released and became free with the object he has seen.
When Brahma has attained to yoga completely the nature of Brahman becomes liberated from knowing Brahman through the Spirit which can be compared to that which can be attained by the knowledge of Brahman free from all limitations .
The most perfect expression of the nature of the Upanishads ) उपनिषद ) ) ) is beyond the world of Truth perfect intuitive experience परे which is beyond all the personal आवरणों of all the adjectives that are से and liberated by the Self .
समुद्र Gordon साथी and his colleagues have been studying it to know the deep sea ' s organic heritage and are trying to figure out the changes in the environment affect it ' s unexplored environment group .
A hostile habitat
The deep sea marked by temperature and non - sunlight and at great pressure is an alien habitation for us .
We can only expect a few species to live there .
When Gordon and his colleagues collected samples from the ocean floor they were amazed by the diversity of animal species there - a diversity that rivals anything found on earth and in shallow water .
How do so many species survive in such an adverse environment ?
This amazing diversity can be explained by the वातावरण theory - that constant changes in the environment maintain this diversity .
Constant environments tend to survive only a few dominant species of animals which lack variety .
But the deep sea does not पर्यावरण the strong sea - storms the sea - robbers and the food falling from above tend to cause the animals living in the जीव .
How do scientists use and test theories to discover and understand the natural world ?
That Subramanya Bharati the first poet of the present age follows the initiated route of Ramalinga is easily understandable for those students who can read them .
In short Ramalinga is the harbinger of the modern Tamil Renaissance of which the modern voice is Subramanya Bharati .
Ramalinga ' s couple can be equated with the गांधी of Gandhi or the Ramkrishna - Vivekananda pair .
The quality of Ramalinga ' s poetry is well described by his disciple रामलिंग Velayuda Mudaliar .
In the Indian tradition the ideas and myths the Sutras the हैं and the myth end up with such complexity that it is not often easy to say where one ends and the other begins.
And it is not without reason that when we trace the genealogy of such a remarkable family as the Tagores we are soon lost in the mists of popular traditions and family lore through which we have to pick our way out of that past .
By the middle of the eighth century after political unrest and social chaos Bengal had become a powerful Hindu - Muslim empire .
The names of these five Brahmins are still very respected and the new racial aristocracy in Bengal has so far been won .
Historians however have maintained an excuse for this interesting and colossal child experiment which has made modern Bengal what has often been there .
However one of the five Brahmins who belonged to the family of ठाकुर was Daksha and is reputed for its ancestor .
History is full of घटनाओं events .
Towards the end of the twelfth century Bengal was overrun by the Afghans from the west and in course of time came to be under the Delhi Sultanate .
Many Hindus therefore either by force or by new owners .
Two of his trusted officers were his घराने - e - घराने and Jayadev descendants in line by history for several generations and vicissitudes घराने by history .
And one day पीर the story goes . during the fast of Ramzan कामदेव कामदेव who saw Pir Ali Khan smell a lemon उसने remarked पीर Just as the food is half - eating.
You have therefore violated your fast. "
Pir Ali Khan said nothing but having been born a Hindu the words rankled in his mind .
A few days later he invited the Brahmin brothers , along with many other Hindus to a music concert in the सभा of सूबेदार .
In the sitting room where the audience was enjoying music the choice of Muslim dishes arranged in a room alongside it .
When their odour went up to the next musical chamber the Hindus were perturbed and there was a smile added by Pir Ali Khan पीर as your religion has lost your taste for food half the way you eat it .
Having lost the " purity of caste the family found it difficult to live in a community which gave it more or less shelter .
The predicament was particularly बदतर when it came to finding suitable husbands for the daughters.
So each member of the family had to leave the house of his forefathers and wandering from one place to another in search of a suitable match for himself and his daughters .
He was a bold Brahmin who accepted the daughter of the family .
One such crowd was Jagannath थे who married a niece of the ill - fated brothers जयदेव and Jayadev whose निर्बंध jest had caused all the trouble .
कुशारि had to pay a heavy price for this temerity for he too was obliged to pay his home .
It is said that the male child of this bold and rash man was founded on the Tagore family .
His name was Panchanan व्यक्ति .
प्रवास and social persecution had made the descendants defiant and ambitious .
Having lost the pride of caste they lost their fear for no longer had the power to lose.
Since they could not be more holy they decided to be more human and attracted to all the good things that life and times - had made possible .
There were things happening all over the country - people never heard about them before .
The White Indians from across the seas had opened a factory and trade centre on the banks of the sacred Ganges and their power and prestige grew to a certain degree of satisfaction even the Muslim rulers thought it prudent to maintain a better relationship with them .
So Panchanan and his uncle Sukhdev left home in the last decade of the seventeenth century as their forefathers had done earlier and settled down in a village called ब्रिटिश on the bank of the Ganges not far from the British habitat .
थी a small town was the fishing village . बस्ती lived in fishermen ' s settlements .
Seeing a Brahmin family settle in their midst they felt elated and gave the uncle and his nephew all the honour due to their caste.
Even today they are addressed as ठाकुर .
Later he found a lucrative occupation in supplying provisions to the foreign ships that sailed up the river road .
The British and other foreigners had thus ample opportunities of dealing with him and naturally assumed as most foreigners would still do that Thakur was Panchanan ' s surname or family name .
So they referred to him as Mr Thakur and unable to articulate the unfamiliar name pronounced it as Tagore.
Its fortunes were from the beginning linked with the British power in India .
As this power increased trade and power the villages of ordinary fishermen were originally converted into the town of कलकत्ता and कलकत्ता Calcutta .
The family fortune reached its peak in the life and career of Dwarkanath Tagore .
Born in द्वारकानाथ Dwarkanath was only thirteen years old when his father died.
द्वारकानाथ versatile and enterprising he was a romantic figure who by now became an empire of his own and became a prince .
People addressed him as Prince because of his innate genius in mind and affection .
His large business covered a number of things : indigo factories . शोरा sugar शोरा tea कोयला mining etc .
At home in the joint family orthodox and traditional ways used to be the worship of the orthodox gods and goddesses .
But outside the family the leaders of their homes lived by the घर singing rooms and painted painted आगंतुकों carried their best to watch with their friends and visitors each while they होड with their पेशेवर they braved the hair and the hookah to welcome them .
द्वारकानाथ a famous area called द्वारकानाथ in the heart of Calcutta where the ancestral edifice of the Tagores still stands and the nucleus of education ; not only the grateful nation ' s monument to Dwarkanath .
There is no longer the stately edifice which Dwarkanath had built on the adjoining land where he entertained friends and guests and all the leading lions of the then ruling society of Calcutta .
Dwarkanath ' s immense resources were no less powerful .
Citizenship In keeping with its objective of building an integrated Indian fraternity and a united nation the founding fathers made provisions for a single citizenship without a federal structure .
Unlike the United States there is no separate citizenship for the Union and the States and all citizens across the country have been given equal rights to all citizens without any discrimination - only Kashmir tribal areas etc where some special protection has been granted .
Fundamental Duties The 42nd Amendment to the Constitution inter alia added a new Part to the Constitution under the title कर्तव्य ' Fundamental Duties .
In fact no right can be viable without corresponding duty and the rights of citizens without respect for the political obligations of the citizens on the State .
The Constitution of India provides an independent judiciary .
The High Courts and the Supreme Court form a single integrated judicial structure with jurisdiction over all laws Union Territories - LRB - State - RRB - civil criminal or constitutional laws .
Unlike the United States non - federal and State court systems are not there in our country .
He विवादों disputes and functions not only as the custodian of personal rights and freedoms but can be expected to do timely interpretation of the Constitution and to lay down the validity of any legislation in the context of the Constitution .
The decision of the Supreme Court is the supreme law of the country .
From his sick bed Amal watches the procession of life in the street outside and longs to participate in it .
The village postman मजाक assures him that he will bring him a letter from the king .
Death brings deliverance and innocent faith its final gift .
But the child Rabi was stronger than Amal and survived the neglect of his parents and the tyranny of the servants .
It was a simple composition तुकबंदी ( the rain पडे ) हिल ( the moving leaf ) but it was the first revelation of the magic of poetry for the boy as he later described .
Whenever the joy of that day comes back to me but even to - day I realise how the rhyme is important for poetry .
Because of this the words come to a standstill but they do not end with a voice or tone ; the ear and the brain move about by बढते .
Thus the rain patter and the leaves quiver again and again the हिलते day in my consciousness . "
The Supreme Court also functions as the arbiter of any disputes in regard to jurisdiction and distribution of powers between the States and the Union .
Conclusion The Constitution of India is one of the most comprehensive documents .
It is unique in many ways .
It cannot be fitted into a certain mould structure or model .
It is a blend of the rigid and the flexible federal and unitary system and presidential and parliamentary forms .
It attempts to maintain a balance between the fundamental rights of individuals on the one hand and the social economic interests of the people and the security of the state .
Moreover it presents a via media between the principles of parliamentary sovereignty and judicial supremacy.
While many Constitutions of nations framed after the Second World War have been divided and lost ; our Constitution has successfully faced many crises and survived.
This is proof of his resilience dynamism and growth potential .
The Preamble the Preamble the Fundamental Rights and the philosophy of the Constitution are expected to be provided by the framers of the Constitution in order to achieve the basic values and philosophy based on which the Constitution has been based and the aims and objects of the Constitution .
A tutor was engaged to teach him elementary reading and writing at home but the arrangement came to a premature death .
When the child found that his elder brother was going to school in a carriage and was shouting उठा and चीखने .
The exasperated tutor gave him a resounding slap and said " You 're crying to go to school now; you' ll have to cry a lot more to leave the school later . "
The boy clung to his बालक but later he found that no one had risen above it .
However his first school was ओरियंटल सेमिनरी .
What he learnt there he did not remember much but it was a great influence on the mind of a fine - grained by a young man trying to punish him with the help of his children .
My only consolation was that I had no power to barbarous actions on a प्राणी creature . "
Soon after Rabi was admitted to the Normal School when he was seven years old and the school was run according to the British system of education .
His companion - colleagues called it a show of the child the easy miracle and when he recited his poetry it was विलाप for the fact that a तैराक continues to break a lotus and लहरों its hands .
Though the child had little to look after his father and mother ' s demand : he was by no means neglected.
The whole day was packed with lessons .
He was जगा up in the dark and was sentenced to one - eyed पहलवान for wrestling practices .
As soon as the wrestling match was over and the dust was removed from the body a Student from the Medical College came to teach him a lesson and a sport about अस्थि .
A male skeleton hung upon the wall of the room and the children were tried to learn by telling them about the various bones. ( A नर of this skeleton ) was transformed into a short story later .
At seven in the morning the math teacher came and slate in hand the boy had to grapple with questions of arithmetic and Geometry .
Sometimes the lesson of natural science is also chalked out - sometimes with very small experiments .
There was something in his tone to say what he meant and the boy was as usual in his reply . "
And this proposal is not repeated again .
My health was not so bad that even in the most neglected time of my school I could at times make myself an false or wrong excuse .
He will save not only food bills but doctor ' s bills .
The reputation reached the ear of the teacher in the Normal School and he called for little Rabi and ordered him to write a moral precept .
When the child complied with the verses the next day he was told to read them before the whole class .
The most remarkable thing about this moral poem was that it soon got lost . "
Its moral effect on the class was far from moral.
His father sent him to the prayer room to ask him to take him along with him to the Himalayas .
The next few days were excited .
For the first time a full suit of clothes was ordered for him with a gold embroidered cap .
And so one day . with thorough जीवन the son accompanied his father and sailed for his first adventure .
His first halt was Santiniketan now known as the पीठ of all the world .
The boy himself was aware of the fact that he would come to the spot where he had come to round and that he would be associated with his entire life and be regarded as one of the finest creative experiments in the world .
Its history is almost similar to that of Tagore .
As the sun had set in the evening they found themselves in an open and widespread place where the lush green western horizon stood up to the west and from there to the जंगली sun there was no bar to it .
But the Maharshi did not blame or chide the child .
It was in this place where under the cover of coconut betel - nut Rabi wrote his first verse - drama a historical theme dealing with almost the last great Hindu king of Delhi .
In spite of the comic सामरिक of the author its martial spirit which had become a source of premature death .
From Santiniketan the father - son proceeded to visit the Himalayas visiting several places on the way to reach the sacred city of Amritsar where he attained a prolonged halt .
The Maharshi was an admirer of the Sikh faith and went daily to visit the Golden Temple accompanied by his son and often joined in a folk - song . by सिख .
This early training in reverence for other religions helped to broaden the child ' s sympathies which were later to attain such wide dimensions .
The father and son reached the foot of the Himalayas had already begun in April .
Their destination was Dalhousie डलहौजी - LRB - Dalhousie - RRB - who had settled above seven thousand above the sea - level and had few bungalows .
Justice is defined as social democracy economic and political justice .
In fact parliamentary justice equality independence equality and fraternity are the most essential सहगामी of a real democratic order and therefore only elucidate the concept of a democratic Republic .
In the Preamble to our Constitution we have exercised very noble words .
They embody the highest values that human ingenuity and experience have been able to devise thus far .
Where the words were found to be vague or their meaning was unclear help of the Preamble could be taken to understand the intention of the framers and find out whether the particular word has been used in a wide or narrow context .
It was indeed a great honour in the mythological region and with the fabulous Maharshi who suddenly elevated the child ' s status in the family .
The rule of the servants ended .
He was now welcome in the inner apartments where the proud mother was only too glad to offer her eldest child to the other women who were eager to listen to her adventure .
The inner apartments had become more alluring ever since a new bride had entered the courtyard ; it was the wife of रवि son of a mighty brother of Ravi रवि with a gold one on his face .
It was only a little older than Rabi who longed to be his wife .
I circled round her at a safe distance - and I did not dare go near her . "
Whatever she came from outside though she attracted herself strangely and made him his companion .
But as soon as he drew near him his youngest sister would snap at him and what did you do with him ? " Let us go from here to now and again this insult his frustration . "
The unwelcome intruder had suddenly become an interesting visitor.
Every one of them had been listening to the interesting stories of his visit and the little lover was unwilling to make it more colourful by his side wherever needed.
These teachers soon found out to their cost that it was easy to take the horse to the water 's edge but it was hard to make it water .
The Bengali tutor soon discovered an effective way of dealing with the truant student .
Having read a few pictures of Macbeth with him he would lock him up in a room and set the prisoner free only after he had rendered the कैदी scenes in Bengali and that too in verse .
Thus the whole play was rendered into Bengali verse the first offering of a rising poet to the great English dramatist .
Unfortunately the manuscript could not be obtained ; only the translation of the पांडुलिपि Scene published seven years later in 1880 by Bharati हुआ .
The plays were written and acted inside the house and music was in the air.
Whatever the young Rabi 's books fell on him like a टूट and looked at his compositions and plays.
As a necessary part of the intellectuals and the राष्ट्रीयता tide of nationalism began to attain राष्ट्रीयता and it held itself as the cultural राजनैतिक - राजनैतिक which was first called the Hindu Mela in 1867 by the Indian National Congress .
Like other progressive movements of Bengal during that period this too had been sponsored by the Tagore family .
In February 1876 young Rabi aged fourteen recited a patriotic poem at this festival .
This poem was published in the Amrita Bazar Patrika then an Anglo - Bengali weekly .
It was not only Rabi ' s first public appearance but also the first occasion when his name was published with a poem .
Encouraged by this success he repeated his triumph by reciting another poem प्रकृति " अवसाद अवसाद "
Thus there grew up between a motherless boy and a childless lady a warm affection and friendship which satisfied and sublimated the pent - up chaotic किशोरावस्था of his adolescence and warmed his wayward genius into किशोरावस्था .
She blessed him with the emotional sustenance and the touch of harmony - संरक्षण which he needed most at that age was her husband Jyotirindranath who gave him early and direction to his vague and egoistic talent .
रवि who himself was at the pinnacle of his creative energy took young Rabi under his protection and made his creation an apprentice in the workshop of his creation .
He would press the tune on the नाटकों and ask Rabi to sing new songs and encourage his younger brother to निखार it in more perfectly the rhythm he had done it .
The difference between the ages of his younger brother Rabi and his younger brother never आडे .
This healthy and inspiring organisation enabled Rabi to throw out the diffidence which had accumulated in his mind since his childhood .
As far as I can say of myself I was only too eager to get out of my independence and the way to correct the mischief.
I have never been able to make my own anything which they could compel me to swallow by getting hold of me physically or mentally by the ears.
सज्जन Justice था said in the matter of सज्जन Singh ( Rajasthan ) that the Preamble was influenced by a profound debate : " It was a stamp of सुस्पष्टता and it was given special importance by the framers of the Constitution .
The opinion of the Supreme Court regarding the Preamble as not a part of the Constitution perhaps needed है .
It was felt that the intention which the framers of the Constitution expressed through the Preamble was to be addressed to .
In Golak Nath v. State of Punjab . Justice विचार observed that the Preamble to the Constitution was the basic principles on which the government was to function .
As in later on in the case of भवन Bhavan v. State of Mysore ( 1970 ) the Supreme Court decision : In the case of भवन the Directive Principles and the Fundamental Rights too can be better understood in the light of the Preamble .
In the case of the Chamber it appears that the Supreme Court did not consider the fact that the Preamble to any Act was not discussed or chosen in the Houses of Parliament but on the whole of the Constitution in any other manner .
Justice Sikri said that the legislative history of the Preamble to the Constitution justified its importance .
Thus under the warmth of affection and encouragement the fountain of रवि s poetic exuberance was released.
He was now fourteen and his long narrative poem which was divided into sixteen hundred lines and forty - four cantos .
Like Sakuntala her companion was the wild plants and denizens of the forest and like Miranda she had not set her eyes on any human being save her father .
The father dies and she is left an orphan है there is no ढाढस की .
A young traveller passes by and impressed by her loveliness and her plight takes her home with him and marries her .
At the same time he finds that it is difficult for him to be able to fit in with the usual rules of society : , and that he is pining for his beloved forest in the mountains .
She is however attracted by her husband ' s friend नीरद who is a young poet and in her innocence confesses her love for him .
Though नीरद is still secretly in love with her he is shocked by her frank स्वीकारोक्ति and goes away in anger by a husband of Kamala kills his friend .
Kamala is heart - broken at this murder and leaving her husband and home keeps vigil by the dead body of घर .
But having known human love she is unable to find peace in solitude and finally jumps from a snowy peak into the river .
The waves like a mother ' s arms take back the child to her friends .
Its aim was the political liberation of India and its draft based on the people' s philosophy .
Its sittings were held in the Calcutta गली in a broken building and carried through a mysterious silence .
The secret was its only claim to be awe - inspiring for there was nothing new in deliberations and activities to make the Government or people fearful . "
व्यक्ति was a man of strong strength and his fertile imagination had attracted him to such bold acts of action which seem so incredibly unexpected and sometimes attractive to dreams .
His rendezvous with destiny had been marked by an intense desire for the help of his elder brother to stimulate in his many - sided interests .
At the same time a terrible famine raged over the land and numberless skeletons haunted the villages .
This ghastly contrast was the theme of a satirical poem written by Rabi and read on the occasion of the Hindu Mela this year .
This magazine renewed new experiment in Bengali literature .
Young Rabi had now a family forum at his disposal though he needed little incentive .
Rabi ' s first story रवि a unfinished novel रवि . कविता कविता a historical drama written in blank verse Kavi रवि a long narrative poem by poet रवि कविता in a series of poems and works by him covering a number of his own essays .
Out of these stories which he collected in ripe age most of them threw away most of them mercilessly saying " There was nothing in my mind but a burning fire and a flash of lightning .
When no form was forming there was a movement of confusion ; there was only a slight rise which was breaking up into the ground . "
He made this unpleasant self - statement particularly when he had acquired mastery of word and form and had therefore been able to do so to his early efforts which seemed to him उदगार ' .
But there are many forms which are not devoid of any inner quality which bear the clear picture of his vague - ness but of the literary phase of Bengal .
Then he comes to know that he has never ceased to love Nalini and that was his love which he was उधर seeking .
However it is too late .
Nalini dies and the poet is left to प्रेम on universal love.
This lengthy रवि उदगार on Rabi narrates the inevitable impact of the study of English - Sanskrit poets : In this period his second composition was composed by Dr Singh भानु ' s भानु पदावली ' which was a miscellaneous work .
The three literary influences on the poetic development of Rabindranath could be said to be : they were gradually : Sanskrit literature astronomy Vaishnava वैष्णव and Western literature .
As the confluence of three rivers makes the area sacred so these three streams met in the opposite directions and mingled with each other and made Rabindranath ' s poetry .
वैष्णव Padavali bears witness to the impact of Vaishnav religious poetry on this boy poet .
It is difficult to say how far he realised its communal performance - a reaction to a recurrent symbolism on the worship of a human deity - a मानवीयता - yet मानवीयता of a human deity - based symbolism .
Although the basic elements were not precisely defined those mentioned in the Preamble were specifically mentioned .
Thus द्वारा it has now been conceded that the basic features of the Constitution embodied in the Preamble cannot be reversed by an amendment under article 368 .
But even though the Preamble is now considered to be an integral part of the Constitution it is still true that it is neither a source of any power nor a limitation to it .
First it was announced in the थी case .
During the Emergency the Forty - second Constitutional Amendment Act of 1976 added to the Preamble the socialist and secular words .
Also the unity of the nation instead of words unity and integrity of the nation were put .
The only place from which the existence of sovereignty and the source of the Constitution can be ascertained is the Preamble .
The word reminds us of the early words of the Preamble to the U. S. Constitution .
There was an attempt to emphasise that our nation is one ; our Constitution is one and our state system is one .
In the United States and Australia sovereignty is divided between the Union or the Commonwealth and the States each being dominant in the area left by the Constitution .
The Union can override the States in national interest during emergencies.
Even during normal times it can invade the States' sphere by कानून on subjects in the state list under article 249 .
But our founding fathers at the very outset provided for the अनश्वरता of the Union and for States having no right to secede from the Union .
Every time species are eradicated from an area of the समुद्रतल species there come species in the समुद्रतल region .
This constant change can cause very few species of प्रजातियां in one area of the sea .
Because of the sea - learning it is difficult to check the principles of the समुद्रतल समुद्रतल .
But the समुद्री समुद्री theory is still the best of the theories that ocean scientists can interpret the life that is found on the sea .
Huge plant diversity
Coral reefs pine , lowland सदाबहार and dripping cloud forests are some of the different environmental conditions in the सदाबहार area .
Convention on Biological Diversity
The Convention on Biological Diversity , in 1992 recognises all our precious biological diversity .
It सुरक्षा national governments to protect their own natural wealth .
In the मामलों Bharti and Minerva Mills cases secularism came to be mentioned as a basic feature .
Moreover it was inherent in the guarantee of independence of religion as a fundamental right .
The Constitution ( Forty - fifth Amendment ) Bill sought to lay down that secular and democratic character of the Constitution would be regarded as one of the basic features of the Constitution .
However before the Bill was enacted as the 44th Amendment the list of basic features was dropped.
In Shah Bano ' s case the law - makers came under the pressure of the orthodox Muslims and for all secularism or for all equally important provision of a constitutional feeling of मुस्लिम Muslim lady ( विच्छेद ) the decision was repealed with the Supreme Court of मुस्लिम 1986 .
However the only operative interpretation of the term 'secular' in Indian Constitutional Law now would be what can be said to be the only constitutional interpretation of the term secularism which can be understood from the different provisions of the Constitution such as articles 14 15 के 19 and 25 and 28 .
The preamble itself even in its original के form contained inter alia the concept of उद्देशिका faith ( स्वतंत्रता ) and the independence of worship ) .
Thus the राज्य used power directly in deciding matters of the state and this kind of polity could be called direct democracy .
In this situation both legal and political sovereignty could be said to vest in the people .
But with the gradual increase in the size and population of the political units and ultimately with the advent of the modern nation - states it became impossible to arrange for the people to assemble at a place to discuss matters of State and arrive at decisions smoothly.
Also the process of legislation and state administration grew more and more complex.
All forms of direct democracy therefore soon became practically extinct from all over the world .
More important international issues can be raised at some places .
Besides provisions have been made in the संविधान of some countries ( such as France आयरलैंड Ireland जापान Japan and Switzerland ) to provide them with reference to constitutional amendments .
Thus far - reaching representation is essential in modern democracy ( which includes government functioning and law - making representative of the people .
Thus while democratic polity becomes one of the basic features of our Constitution which cannot be altered by any constitutional amendment there are many variants of democracy which can be considered equally representative and proper .
Political justice means equal share in the rights of all citizens without any discrimination on grounds of race caste creed religion or place of birth .
Article 16 guarantees equality of opportunity in matters of public employment and articles 325 and 326 provide for equal rights to all adults to participate in elections .
Founding fathers like Nehru and Ambedkar were quite clear in their minds that political justice was meaningless without economic justice .
Dr .
Liberty is derived from the Latin word लिबर्टी .
It means enforced liberation from bondage to bondage from bondage to bondage from slavery to agriculture or to निरंकुशता .
Article 17 as a fundamental right was directed at abolishing the practice of untouchability which was an affront to human dignity .
Article 32 provided that a person could approach the Supreme Court directly to the enforcement of his fundamental rights and the protection of his personal dignity .
Unity and integrity of the nation can safeguard the dignity of the individual only if there is a nation and its unity and integrity are safe .
It is only through the spirit of common brotherhood and fraternity that we can hope to build national unity in a highly pluralistic and heterogenous society .
Moreover we cannot succeed in our economic development efforts without unity and integrity of the Nation.
Therefore under Article 51 - 51 ( A ) it is the duty of all citizens to protect and maintain the sovereignty unity and integrity of India .
In at least in matters which may pose a threat to the unity and integrity of the nation every citizen is expected to forget all differences and rise above all considerations of self - interest .
If this does not happen the task of nation - building becomes impossible .
Consequently the various concepts and terms embodied in the Preamble show that the noble and noble words of our Preamble represent the whole Constitution of India the quintessence the philosophy the high ideals and the soul .
Other parts and provisions of the Constitution are only an elaboration and an attempt to give concrete shape content and meaning to the words of the Preamble .
Q . How do scientists name new species ?
How does it fit into our present knowledge of the natural world ?
What is the Darwin Centre ?
What will this change in future ?
- sick samples need constant care - how do we look after them ?
Collecting and society
Why are these collections kept in this Museum ?
How do we collect and study specimens ?
How do researchers carry out their scientific studies ?
Specimens & knowledge
Our collection.
What do we do in इंग्रहालय ?
How does it benefit the world ?
The Constitution of a country lays down the basic structure of its political system under which its people are governed .
It establishes the core organs of the state such as the legislature the executive and the judiciary व्याख्या their powers to शक्तियों their responsibilities and regulates their relationships with people .
In democracy sovereignty vests in the people .
But with the growing complexities of parliamentary administration and the growing size of the nation - states direct democracy was no longer possible .
In the representative democracies of today people decide how to rule it and by whom .
Clauses ( 3 ) of article 15 and ( 4 ) embody exceptions to the general principles of non - discrimination .
They respectively empower the state to make special provisions for women and children and for the advancement of any socially and educationally backward classes of citizens or for the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes .
( See Abdul Aziz v. State of Bombay AIR 1954 SC 226 ) ; Madras State v. Union v. Union ( 226 )
But in spite of these special provisions it has been held that the general prohibition under article 14 would apply to such matters as to make special provisions to the State - LRB - they must not be arbitrary or unreasonable - RRB - .
As held by the Supreme Court the caste of a person cannot be the sole order to determine whether a particular class is backward or not .
In the case of Chitralekha vs. Mysore ( AIR 1964 SC 1823 ) he decided that though caste was a relevant reason to ascertain the backwardness of any class people there could be nothing to do with the special status of the people .
The validity of any reservation could therefore be tested on whether it was based on any rational and relevant criteria.
Thus many eligible candidates will be frustration .
The validity of any reservation could therefore be tested on whether it was based on any rational and relevant criteria.
He observed that they were instances of socially and educationally backward classes of citizens .
It held that reservation for 80 per cent of the state ' s population which was in' rural जनसंख्या was not the same class in itself .
v. Mysore AIR 1971 SC 1971 ) .
It declared that more than 50 per cent reservation of posts in a single year would be unconstitutional as it per se destroyed article 16 ( 1 ) .
The Mandal Commission had recommended 27 per cent reservation for backward classes in view of the limit of 50 per cent imposed by the Supreme Court .
In education also higher posts such as शिक्षा पायलटों in हवाई हवाई पायलटों molecular and space applications etc . are not proper .
The fourth exception to the general rule of equality of opportunity in public employment is provided in the clause 5 of article 16 which provides that law may be the law of a particular religious or communal body concerned with the functioning of a particular religion .
Article 17 उन्मूलन untouchability and forbids its practice in any form .
If practised it would be treated as an offence punishable in accordance with law .
The object of the article is to end the inhuman practice of treating certain humans as dirty and untouchable by their birth in certain castes .
- LRB - People ' s Union for Democratic Rights ( Union of India ) AIR 1982 SC 1982 ) .
At the same time it is the duty of every citizen to ensure that untouchability is not practised in any form .
The Untouchability ( Offences ) Act . 1955 later called the Protection of Civil Rights Act 1955 provided for punishment of offenders.
Abolition of titles.
But an exception has been made in the case of Military and academic awards .
Under clause 2 of this article . A citizen of India has also been prohibited from accepting any title from a foreign State .
A clause 3 provides that a person holding any office of profit or trust under the State cannot accept any title from a foreign state without the consent of the President .
And under clause ( 4 ) a person holding office of profit or trust under the State will not accept any विदेशी achievement.
A question has been raised is that on the Republic Day for Distinguished Meritorious Service the President has made असैनिक असैनिक असैनिक and असैनिक to which civil degrees are awarded ? they do not violate article 18 of the Constitution ?
These titles were not declared for many years because of the adjournment orders of the Supreme Court .
( West Bengal State v. Subodh Gopal Bose AIR 1954 SC 92 बंगाल 95 ) .
But the courts have not the whole conception of these freedoms for the realisation of the democratic values of a free citizen .
This assumption was worked by the जलवायु and by the study of mosquitoes introduced the historical causes of climate change .
Tracking climate change
Larvae of non - biting midges live in fresh water .
When they die they fall to the bottom of the lake and become part of the sediments .
The शवों can be radio - carbon dated and Steve मिलान can identify the dead bodies of these mosquitoes in our collection by using the microscope .
Every species of flies thrive at a particular temperature .
Thus मच्छरों can be traced as to the temperature period during which the mosquitoes were present .
In the tropical region there are 10 to 30 million deaths per year .
We have to control mosquitoes to prevent malaria .
Limited companies having shareholders own a large number of industries .
There are creditors and depositors and several others having dealings with these enterprises .
Nevertheless the State does not need to justify its trade monopoly as a reasonable restriction or in the interest of the general public ( सगीर Ahmed v. State of UP ( AIR 1954 SC पी ) .
In fact there can be no objection under article 19 ( 1 ) if the Council of States or certain people operate as a monopoly right or in competition with any citizen .
Protection in Respect of दोषसिद्धि for Offences Under article 20 the Constitution keeping in view the protection of the rights of persons accused to the offence .
This article has been considered so important that the Forty - fourth Amendment provides that it cannot be suspended even during an Emergency by an order under article 359 .
So the Legislature is prohibited to make criminal laws having retrospective effect .
( 1 ) or a person ) has not claimed this immunity to be claimed by the state of Bihar vs. बिहार AIR 1952 SC 329 ) to demand security .
Article 30 inter alia criticized the view that the right of minorities to establish and administer educational institutions of their choice available to the minorities is denied to the majority community .
Moreover since the word अल्पसंख्यक has not been defined anywhere in the Constitution and the advantages of belonging to minority groups some sections of the majority Hindus like the Arya Samaj in पंजाब Punjab started to claim minority status .
In Bengal the Ramakrishna Mission had to declare that they were not Hindus but represent an independent minority religion .
During the various stages of the framing of the Constitution of India in the Constituent Assembly the basic property provisions had proved to be the most controversial and had taxed the imagination sagacity drafting skill and the spirit of accommodation and compromise .
There was a consensus which each of the contenders interpreted in his own way .
The consensus was embodied in articles 31 and 19 ( f ) of the Constitution .
Rights to constitutional remedies are meaningful only when they can be implemented and if उल्लंघन they can be treated .
Our Constitution not only guarantees certain fundamental rights but under article 32 ; it also guarantees the right to move the highest court in the country by appropriate proceedings for the enforcement of the fundamental rights .
The Supreme Court may issue writs in the nature of habeas corpus mandamus prohibition quo है and न्यायालय .
Parliament may empower any other courts also to exercise these powers .
The right guaranteed by article 32 cannot be suspended except for the provisions made by the Constitution .
For the enforcement of an emergency a power of liberty to be suspended under article 20 and 21 except in a case of article 20 and if any of the fundamental rights thereof shall be suspended under article 359 and article 19 of the State .
Where the suspension of fundamental rights is protected by the Constitution ( article 32 ) will not apply ( पंजाब v. State of Punjab AIR 1964 SC 131 ) .
The Supreme Court held that this right could not be taken away even by amending the Constitution as it was a basic feature of the Constitution ( Fertilizer Corporation of India v. Union of India AIR 1981 SC 344 ) .
Dr . at the time of formation of the Constitution .
Ambedkar described this provision as the very soul and spirit of the Constitution .
Only the fundamental rights guaranteed by the Constitution can be enforced under article 32 .
Since right to constitutional remedy under article 32 is itself a fundamental right the Supreme Court cannot refuse relief for violation of a substantive fundamental right .
Article 226 grants powers to the High Courts also to issue various writs .
But the Supreme Court has held that while relief under Article 226 is accessible through the High Court it should first go to the High Court ( गुजरात v. State of Gujarat AIR 1987 SC पी ) .
Under article 34 Parliament may by law indemnify a person for anything done by contravention of fundamental rights for maintenance of order during the operation of martial law .
The Directive Principles of State Policy embodied in Part VI Articles 36 - 51 - 51 - 4 contain the unique feature of our Constitution .
In addition to Article आयरलैंड of the Irish Constitution the basic inspiration for the chapter of कल्याणकारी Directive Principles came from the concept of a welfare state ( केरल Bharti v. State of Kerala AIR 1973 SC 146 ) .
While seeking to protect the basic rights of the individual the framers of the Constitution also wanted our Constitution to be an effective instrument for social revolution .
Article 41 provides that the State shall within the limits of its economic strength and development secure for effective provision of public assistance in the event of securing education and unemployment welfare age - old age sickness and disablement or in cases of undeserved scarcity .
Articles 42 and 43 provide for endeavouring to secure for workers a living wage humane conditions of work maternity relief a decent standard of living and full enjoyment of leisure and social and cultural opportunity .
They provide for equal and compulsory कर्तव्य for children up to the age of fourteen ; for inter - State and for compulsory education ; for all inter - state relations between the Scheduled Castes and other vulnerable groups article 46 .
Though the Directive Principles could not be moved to the court these elements have still been directed by the Union and the State Legislatures in the formulation of their respective सामाजिक - LRB - न्यायालयों - RRB - for their interpretation of the Constitution .
Every other right can be proved to be a usurpation hardly worth fighting .
Gandhiji sought to emphasise the economic and social responsibilities of all citizens .
It was in keeping with his ideas that the Constitution ( Forty - Second Amendment ) Act . 1976 added a new Part IV under the title था ( original Parts III and IV of Fundamental Rights and Directive Principles respectively in the Constitution .
Bills belonging to certain categories can be introduced and action taken only after obtaining the recommendation of the President ( articles 117 and 274 ) .
In fact each House from the first Lok Sabha has been dissolved before its expiry .
Once during the Emergency its term was extended the House was dissolved before the expiry of the enlarged period .
Members of Parliament Qualification for membership : Article 83 lays down the qualifications for membership of both Houses of Parliament .
For membership of Rajya Sabha his age should be at least 30 years and for membership of Lok Sabha not less than 25 years .
Additional qualifications may be prescribed by law .
Under article 102 no person shall be liable to be elected and subject to any other office of the House if he / she is not a citizen of India or otherwise a citizen of India ( article 102 ) .
If a member does not resign his seat in a state Legislature his seat may be declared vacant in the House of Parliament .
Every provision of the Constitution must be so construed as to give meaning and relevance to every word used in it .
- LRB - Golak Nath v. State of Punjab ( AIR 1967 SC 1643 ) .
It is therefore necessary to know the background and history of any existing and applied Constitution .
The concepts of constitutional rule in ancient India representative institutions of democracy government control of the arbitrary powers of the rulers and rule of law were not alien to ancient India .
It may also assent to a demand subject to a reduction .
The demand for any grant will be made only on the recommendation of the President ( article 113 ) .
No amendment is permitted which seeks to vary the amount or alter the allocation of any grant head or vary the amount of any charged expenditure .
Appropriation Bill is necessary because no money can be drawn from the Consolidated Fund without parliamentary sanction .
Additional अनुदानों supplementary or excess grants may be voted separately but the same procedure will apply to them as well ( articles 114 - 115 - 115 - 115 ) .
Parliament may by law regulate the procedure for the purpose of timely completion of financial work ( article 119 ) .
Language of Parliament has been announced in the Constitution that work in Parliament shall be transacted in Hindi and English .
However the Presiding Officer may refer to a member who cannot express himself well in Hindi or English allowing his mother to address the House in his mother tongue ( article 120 ) .
It does not and cannot itself rule .
The Council of Ministers may in a sense be called the grand executive committee of Parliament charged with the responsibility of governance on behalf of the parent body .
Since the members of the Council of Ministers are drawn from the Parliament and are responsible to the Lok Sabha the relationship may be said to be the same as it is in full .
But there is a clear distinction between the functions of the Executive and the Parliament ( article 75 ) .
Parliament makes laws regulating and आलोचना the grievances of the people .
Parliament functions to exercise political and financial control over the Executive and to provide parliamentary surveillance of administration .
It can be removed by the President from his office by a special majority ( i . e . by a total number of members of that House and by a majority of its members both Houses ( article 4 ) .
Parliament has no power to discuss the conduct of any Judge of the Supreme Court or the High Court before the President ( article 352 ) praying for the removal of a judge .
Parliament may by law provide for the establishment of a administrative tribunal for the Union and a separate administrative tribunal for each State or for two or more States .
The law made under this provision may specify the jurisdiction and powers of the tribunals .
Such law may exclude the jurisdiction of all the courts except the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court under article 136 with respect to certain specified matters ( articles 323 A . B .
Each House has powers of the Presiding Officer or any officer or of Parliament ( iii ) to regulate the procedure or proceedings in a temporary manner and of enforcing the decision of a House of Parliament ( ii ) and not by any of these powers ) .
The constitutional validity of a law can be challenged in India on the ground that no appeal lies from the judgement of the Supreme Court .
It remains the law of the country till its interpretation is reviewed or reversed by the Supreme Court itself or the law or the Constitution is suitably amended .
If an Act of Parliament is set aside by the judiciary the Parliament can re - enact it after removing the defects for which it was set aside .
The Constitution ( Urban Amendment ) Act 1985 1985 which is commonly called Anti - दलबदल legislation has been the subject of a controversy since the very beginning .
Several writ petitions challenging the validity and constitutionality of the 1985 enactment were also filed in the Supreme Court and various High Courts .
The Supreme Court on the request of the Government withdrew and transferred to itself all the writ petitions pending before various High Courts .
The Speaker disqualified four of the 20 members on the ground of voluntarily उल्लंघन their party whip.
But the disqualification was to have only prospective effect from the date of the order .
He suggested that the task of determining disqualification of members under the Tenth Schedule could better be entrusted to the judges .
The Tenth Schedule defines " legislature party " and " fundamental political party " in both conditions : " with reference to " political party " but unfortunately the " political party " .
It is important to define the " political party " and to lay down the conditions of its recognition for purposes of Anti - दलबदल Law .
The judiciary comprises Chapter V of the Union ' s Judiciary comprising of Articles 124 147 and 237 - 237 The Judiciary in India under Chapter IV entitled The High Courts in States and 6 respectively under the title of Subordinate Courts .
But as in other federal systems like the United States we do not have separate अधिक्रम of federal and state courts .
The jurisdiction of the Supreme Court may also be excluded in certain other matters such as the water dispute between the States ( article 262 ) ; the matters referred to the Finance Commission ( articles 290 खर्चों ) and certain expenses ( article 290 ) .
Under article 131 no State can claim damages against the Government of India before the Supreme Court .
Also a dispute to be so brought before the Supreme Court must involve a question of law or fact on which the existence or extent of a legal right depends.
Under the new Article 139 inserted by the 44th Amendment in 1978 the Supreme Court may transfer cases from one or more High Courts ( if these involve questions of law or of great importance .
The Supreme Court in the interest of justice also transfer cases from one High Court to another .
The original jurisdiction of the Supreme Court also extends to cases of violation of fundamental rights of individuals and the Court may issue several writs for the enforcement of these rights .
It is a unique feature of our Constitution that in the case of violation of their fundamental rights a person can straightaway approach the highest court .
The appellate jurisdiction of the Supreme Court extends to civil criminal and constitutional matters .
Taking advantage of the strain of Aurangzeb ' s death the central authority which became weak and the विघटन of the Mughal Empire while taking advantage of the situation of trouble all over the country the कंपनी Company gradually emerged as the dominant power .
With the victory of the company in the battle of Plassey in 1757 against सिराजुद्दौला the Nawab of Bengal was further strengthened and the foundations of British rule in India .
Judges of the High Court are to be appointed by the President after consultation with the Chief Justice of India in case of appointment of all the judges other than the Chief Justice of the High Court .
By S . C . Gupta v . Union of India ( AIR 1982 SC 149 ) it was held that the three groups in the process of consultation had to be given equal importance .
To be appointed a High Court judge a person must be a citizen of India ; for at least ten years of age or ten years' experience as an advocate of a High Court .
Judges may be transferred from one High Court to another by the President after consulting the Chief Justice of India .
The President may appoint an acting Chief Justice for a High Court .
The President may appoint Additional and Executive Judges for the High Court if need be .
On June 6 . The Union Constitution Committee meeting held in 1947 tentatively decided that there should be a strong body - building and three exhaustive lists with residuary powers vesting in the Centre .
The Committee unanimous adopted the view that it would not help the country to provide a weak central authority for such authority would not be able to coordinate peace and collective interests in an effective manner and not in the whole of the international country .
In the context of these happenings the Drafting Committee decided to call India a Union although its Constitution might be federal .
The emphasis on India being a Union was to lay down that it was not the product of a contract or agreement between the constituent units but a declaration by the Constituent Assembly deriving its authority from the people of India .
Parliament may make laws for the whole or any part of India .
Stamp duties on Bills of Exchange etc and duties of excise on medicinal and toilet preparations mentioned in the Union List shall be levied by the Union but collected and appropriated by the States and form part of their revenues .
Some taxes and duties included in the Union List are levied and collected by the Union but their proceeds are distributed between the Union and the states .
After the constitution of the Finance Commission the President ' s order on distribution of proceeds from income tax would be issued considering the recommendations of the Commission .
Article 273 ( 275 and 282 provides for three kinds of grants by the Union to the States .
For example in lieu of export duty on jute as well as jute products Assam can grant Union grants to the States of Bihar Madhya Pradesh Bihar Maharashtra Orissa Rajasthan and West Bengal ( article 273 ) .
Under article 282 the Union or a State may provide grants for any public purpose regardless of the purpose being outside the legislative jurisdiction of the Union or State .
The Act of 1892 . was certainly an improvement over the 1861 Act insofar as it gives an element of representation in the Legislative Council and relaxed to some extent the restrictions on its work by expanding the functions of the Council .
In view of this the then Secretary of State for India . Lord Morley and the then Viceroy Lord Minto jointly worked out certain constitutional reforms proposals during 1906 - 07 .
These aimed at the enlargement of the Legislative Councils and the enlargement of their powers and functions the appointment of Indian members in the Administrative Councils ( which there are not such councils ) to be established and local self - government systems .
Article 290 A provides for certain sums to be paid annually to निधियों Funds of Travancore and Tamil Nadu from the Consolidated Funds of these States .
A State may also similarly borrow subject to limits set by the State Legislature .
The Government of India may within its borrow powers lend to any State or give guarantees in respect of loans raised by the state .
So long as any of such loans remain outstanding the State Government may not raise any loans without the consent of the Government of India ( article उधार ) .
Things of value within territorial waters or continental shelf and resources of the exclusive economic zone shall vest in the Union ( article सागर ) .
The Union and executive power of each State shall extend to trade or business and to acquire hold and dispose of property but subject to a law made by the concerned State Legislature ( article विधानमंडल ) .
It is obviously an independent or additional source of executive power apart from Article 245 .
During the periods of Emergency extraordinary powers were assumed by the Union Government under several laws and the Parliament passed the Constitution Amendment .
There was widespread criticism of the misuse of powers during the period of internal emergency .
In the general elections which followed the ruling Congress ( leading by Indira Gandhi ) lost its power and the Janata Party Government .
Thus exercise of President ' s power under article 356 was brought under judicial review to that extent .
The official language for use as the official language would be the official language of communication between the states and between the states and the Union .
However two or more States will be left to agree with the use of Hindi for communication between them ( article या ) .
Until Parliament by law provides otherwise all proceedings in the Supreme Court and in the High Court are to be in English language .
In addition to all Bills amendments के Acts . ordinances , rules उपनियमों regulations and bye - laws and the authorized texts of bye - laws at the State levels .
However the Governor of a State may with the prior consent of the President authorize the use of Hindi language in the proceedings of that High Court or authorise the use of any language used for the official purposes of the State ( articles तथा ) and the English Order .
The 1963 Acts also specify that in certain circumstances the Acts etc of the state shall be rendered into Hindi .
The Act provides for optional use of Hindi or any other official language subject to the obtaining of prior consent of the President and its English translation accompanying decision etc .
Language of Public Grievances is an important provision of Article 350 that not only to any citizen but everyone has the power to give language to any officer in either State or to any officer in the local cause of cause for removing a grievance .
The present position of the principle of ' the fundamental features ' is that so long as the decisions made in the केशवानन्द case do not change any full Bench of the Supreme Court or till that of any amendment of the Constitution touches it .
They believed that the Parliament had no power to revoke the mandate to build a Welfare State and an egalitarian society ( para संसद ) .
Similarly the secular character of the State cannot be wiped out ( para किया ) .
In the Minerva Mills case the forces of Parliament ' s amendment to the list of basic elements included the " Judicial Review ' and ' the balance between the Fundamental Rights and the Directive Principles .
But there is a sense of frustration .
Democracy which the government gives must have the necessary strength and stability for protection representative development and democracy and those who are expected to govern must be responsible to the people and their representatives .
Our founding fathers had the उपनिवेशवादी experience of the arbitrary colonial rule which neither represented the people nor responsive to their urges aspirations and needs .
The status and functions of these two bodies were different .
The Committee was composed of a General Assembly or Lok Sabha and a body of relatively small and selected senior people comprising broadly as the Upper House in the modern legislatures .
Vedic texts suggest several references which show that these two bodies were closely related to the functions of the state and enjoyed considerable authority representative power and prestige .
Some of the most important elements of modern parliamentary public opinion are known to be free discussions and finally decisions by the majority .
The decision by a majority was regarded as ' अवहेलना ' which could not be ignored by many people in a meeting and spoken by a voice the voice or majority cannot be ignored by others . "
In fact the foundational principle of ancient Indian society was that the government should function not jointly with the will of an individual but with the aid of पार्षदों whose advice was to be held with reverence .
The ideal was that the powers and conventions of the king were limited by the orders of customs practices and schools .
The distinction made by this Act between the executive and legislative functions of the Governor - General ' s Council consisted of a fourth or a legislative member and the distinguished jurist Lord Macaulay .
Thus we shall see the seeds of a Legislative Council other than the Executive Council in the 1833 Act though it did not have been so late .
The Charter Act 1853 was the final Charter Act by which important changes were made in the Governor - General ' s Council .
The Council ' s fourth or legislative member was given equal status to other members by granting the right to appear and vote at executive meetings .
At the same time the Council was enlarged for legislative purposes by the addition of six special members who were designated as the legislative पार्षद .
Thus in addition to the Governor - General and the Commander - in - Chief the Council constituted under the Act of 1853 was twelve members .
When the Council worked as a legislative body the discussion was neither oral nor written ; the Bill was passed to a member instead of being sent to the superior societies - LRB - which were published later than to be a secret.
The new Council not only remained the Committee till its duties were enacted but was also called in its Official कौंसिल report ( 1918 ) : it organised a smaller representative for the purpose of examining and removing them .
The Indian Council of 1861 : The object of the Act was to make better arrangements for the constitution of the Council of the Governor - General and for the local government in many provinces .
In order to extend the representation of the Legislative Council of the Governor - General it provided that at least ten more than sixteen more than sixteen members were added the previous arrangement to include at least six more members .
Similarly the number of additional members other than the Provincial Legislative Councils was also increased .
The regulations under which additional members of the Councils were nominated laid down that some non - official persons should be nominated on the recommendations of certain recognised bodies or bodies representing particular interests .
The Legislative Council of the Governor - General ( कलकत्ता ) or the Indian Legislative Council consisted of five additional members four of whom were nominated by the non - official members of the Provincial Councils and one by the Calcutta Chamber of Commerce .
Though the term ' was not deliberately used the practice of non - official members of the Provincial Council recommended and sent their nominees to the Central Council indicated how to accept the principle of indirect election.
The members of the Legislative Council were also empowered to ask questions i . e . from the government members with a view to eliciting information on important subjects .
संसदीय of this right which is an exclusive right of any legislature is very sparingly used at the time but this power has been acquired is a positive step in the nature of the parliamentary institution .
The entry of the elected members marked the beginning of a new era in the life of the council .
Broadly speaking the Indian Legislature had no power to amend or repeal any parliamentary statute relating to British India or to do anything affecting the authority of the British Parliament .
It was also required under the Act to introduce in any House of India with full sanction of the Governor - General with effect on certain important matters .
The Governor - General in addition to his existing power to translate any Bill passed by the Legislature or to make it known to His Majesty ' s will was empowered to make laws which fit the good of British India or parts of British India .
In case of Emergency the Governor - General ' s power to promulgate ordinances for the peace and good governance of British India .
Similarly in other financial matters though the Legislative Assembly was empowered to grant or reject the demand of any grant - in - aid or a refusal to be made by the Governor - General to make a requisition .
Thus under the Act of 1919 the Indian Legislature was a quasi - judicial body and in administrative matters was powerless before the Executive in all areas of government ' s activities in legislative and financial matters .
Nevertheless the task of framing an independent legislature was not in the hands of the Governor - General ' s Council .
The body had now to function as a cabinet and submit financial and legislative proposals of the government in the Legislature presided over by non - official " .
Legislative activity was greatly increased and several legislations which gave a lasting benefit to the country .
Except for certain reserved heads of expenditure the Budget had to be accepted and the government had to face great difficulties in the event of supplies and services being denied or rejection of the entire Budget .
The term of office of each member of the Rajya Sabha is six years ; as far as possible one - third of its members retire every second year from the date on which the office of members of the Council is notified by the Government of India .
Vice President - President who is elected by the members of the two Houses of Parliament is the ex - officio Chairman of the Rajya Sabha while a member of the Rajya Sabha is elected by the members of the Rajya Sabha .
Lok Sabha : The other House ( i . e . Lok Sabha ) is the Chamber of Lok Sabha ( the House of People ) .
It is directly elected by the people .
A citizen of India - LRB - not below 18 years of age - RRB - is entitled to vote in elections to the Lok Sabha - LRB - unless he is otherwise disqualified under law .
The Constitution states that not more than one member of Lok Sabha shall be elected directly from the territorial constituencies in the States and not more than 20 members shall represent the States in such a manner as may be elected by Parliament .
In addition the President may nominate not more than two members to represent the Anglo - Indian community .
By 2000 there will be no change in the number of seats in the Lok Sabha ( article 81 ) ( 3 ) seats in the Lok Sabha on the basis of population ratio for Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes .
If the Executive has almost unlimited power to formulate legislative and financial proposals and direct them to the Parliament and to carry out policies which are adopted by Parliament without the resistance of government it is proposed to go ahead with the Parliament to obtain information .
The Executive and the administration are responsible to the Parliament .
The function of Parliament is to exercise political and financial control over the Executive and to ensure parliamentary surveillance of administration .
Parliament has the power to make laws regulating the constitution organisation jurisdiction and powers of courts .
The Constitution envisaged that the number of judges other than the Chief Justice would not exceed seven .
Parliament was however empowered to determine by law a large number of judges .
Under this provision Parliament ( iii ) passed the Supreme Court ( न्यायाधीशों ) Act in which the number of other judges was enlarged to ten and subsequently by several amendments to the Act .
Thus at present the number of judges of the Supreme Court including the Chief Justice is 26 .
Each state has a High Court consisting of the Chief Justice and such other judges as the President may from time to time .
There are many authorities who very legitimately interpret the Constitution almost daily during the discharge of their functions .
The basic function of the Courts is to adjudicate disputes between individuals between individuals and the states between the Union and the State and between the States and while so adjudicating the Courts may be required to interpret the provisions of the Constitution and the laws .
And the interpretation given by the Supreme Court becomes a law which is accepted by all the courts in the country .
There is no appeal against the judgement of the Supreme Court .
It remains the law of the land unless its interpretation is reviewed or reversed by the Supreme Court itself or the law or the Constitution is suitably amended by Parliament .
If an Act of Parliament is set aside by the Judiciary the Parliament will correct its defects by removing those which had been set aside for which it can be re - enacted .
The Parliament of India is not as supreme as the British Parliament where judicial review of legislation is not permitted .
At the same time Judiciary in India is not as supreme as in the United States of America which recognises virtually no limit on the scope of judicial review .
The Parliament of India represent all constitutionally organised shades of opinion at the national level which occupies a very important place in the political system of the country .
It embodies and प्रभुसत्ता the sovereignty of the people ; it is the voice and mirror of the nation .
Members of Parliament as elected representatives of the people ventilate the people ' s grievances and opinions on various issues scrutinise the functioning of the government on the floors of the Houses of Parliament and make laws .
The Parliament functions as the संसद and watchdog of the nation .
Category: प्रदेश Region 18 14
Significant occasions for the review of administration are provided by the discussions on the President 's Address Motion हैं Budget demands and particular aspects of governmental policy and situations.
Parliament gets information from a variety of sources : but since the government is the largest source of information the government has to rely very heavily on government departments for its information needs .
Parliament ' s right to be informed is unlimited except that if the information given does not prejudice vital national interest or the security of the State it may be insisted upon.
As far as the activities of the government are concerned it is the duty of the Government itself to provide complete and accurate information to the Parliament from time to time .
The information is made available by ministers making statements on the floor of the House laying down reports and papers on the Table of the House or placing documents in the Parliament Library .
All the above information is important then published immediately and can be used to raise discussions in the House .
The most popular and effective medium through which members gain information is that of asking questions in the Houses of Parliament .
It is rightly said that during the Question Hour in Parliament there is a thorough examination of every nook and corner of the vast administrative set - up in every department of the administration and nothing fails outside the scrutiny of the Parliament .
, through the प्रशासन मंत्रियों asking for information which are so framed as to expose the shortcomings of the administration the test of ministers is conducted .
से and discussions bring about the underlying tensions and समाज of society .
Parliament becomes a legitimate arena for inter - state power struggle for गतिविधि political activity or for acting out the conflicting roles and interests with parliamentary rules and procedures facilitating eventual reconciliation.
Instead of fighting to annihilate each other the parties tend to agree to disagree and to accommodate or tolerate each other .
In performing this conflict resolution role the parliamentary institution acts as a great national integrator and mediator .
In the context of our multi - pronged society the role of Parliament is especially important in टकरावों conflict resolution and unity .
In addition to the role played by the formal parliamentary forums and parliamentary procedures the Central Hall of the Parliament House is an organisation in itself .
Parliament representatives from all parts of the country irrespective of their caste creed region or religion meet informally and discuss problems which affect the country in individuals or groups .
It creates feelings of national unity which cannot be developed elsewhere .
Even those who before entering this Assembly may have some separatist regional or parochial views get cleansed and all feel themselves as citizens of a single country .
Every citizen who has attained the age of 18 years or more has the right to vote ( sex or place of religion ) .
Besides representatives of the two Houses of Parliament and for the legislatures of the States the Election Commission is responsible for the higher posts of the President and Vice - President of India .
The Election Commission consists of the Chief Election Commissioner and such other Election Commissioners as may be appointed by the President.
In October 1993 two Election Commissioners were appointed by an ordinance - making in 1993 - LRB - the same position and status - RRB - which the Chief Election Commissioner received .
Moreover the कर Commission was required to act as a body taking decisions unanimously or by majority.
( f ) He is so disqualified on the ground of change .
In addition to the above expectations some other recommendations have also been laid down in the electoral laws .
Under the Public Leadership Act 1951 if a person was convicted to promote enmity among other things and to promote discord among different communities or अपराध for the offence of bribe he was sentenced to अस्पृश्यता or to condemn untouchability .
Again a person convicted for any offence and sentenced to imprisonment for not less than two years stands disqualified for a period of five years after his release.
A government servant dismissed for corruption or for कर्मचारी to the state is disqualified for a period of five years from the date of his dismissal .
Rajya Sabha : The members of the Rajya Sabha represent the people of the States and Union Territories .
They are elected through indirect election system and in accordance with the system of proportional representation by single transferable votes.
When the Chairman of the Rajya Sabha and the Speaker of the Lok Sabha agree on the motion the Secretaries - General of the two Houses obtain orders of the President to summon the Houses on the date and time specified .
They notify the President 's orders in the Gazette Extraordinary and issue a करते
Thereafter the Secretary - General . sends a summons to each House .
The session of Parliament usually consists of three session each year i. e. the Budget Session ( February - May ) the Budget Session ( July - September and winter months ) .
But in the case of the Rajya Sabha the राजय Budget Session is split into two sessions with a three to four weeks holiday in between thus four sessions of the Rajya Sabha .
When the Lok Sabha is summoned to meet for the first time after a temporary election the President appoints a member of Lok Sabha as a Speaker .
Normally the senior - most member is chosen.
The Speaker pro - सदन presides over the House for enabling the new members to take oath etc and elect their Speaker .
President 's Address After the newly elected members have taken oath or affirmation and the Speaker has been elected the President addresses both Houses of Parliament assembled together in the Central Hall of the Parliament House.
The President also addresses the two Houses together at the commencement of the first session of each year .
The President arrives in the State Coach at the Parliament House where he is welcomed by the President of the Rajya Sabha the Speaker Lok Sabha the Prime Minister the Prime Minister the Minister of Parliamentary Affairs and the Secretaries - General of the two Houses .
After that he is taken in a ceremonial procession to the high - domed Central Hall of Parliament along a red - कालीन route .
After the National Anthem has been played the President reads .
The Address contains details of policies and programmes which the government thinks of starting the work in the coming year .
Being a statement of government policy it is prepared by the government .
Half an hour after the President ' s Address both the Houses meet in their respective Chambers where copies of the President ' s Address are laid on the Table of the House by the Secretary - General .
The President ' s Address is discussed in both the Houses on a Motion of Thanks proposed by a member of the House and seconded by another member .
5 Discussion on the Address is very wide and one or all aspects of administration are highlighted
Members are free to speak on all sorts of national and international problems .
The amendments to the Motion of Thanks may discuss matters which are not specifically mentioned in the Address .
The limitation under discussion is that members cannot refer to matters for which the Government of India is not directly responsible and the name of the President cannot be mentioned during the debate .
At the end of the discussion the debate on President ' s Address is usually answered by the Prime Minister .
7 . After the Prime Minister ' s reply the amendments are disposed of and the Motion of Thanks is moved to the vote of the House .
When the motion is passed the President ' s notice is delivered by the Speaker through a letter .
The President after receiving the suggestion made by the Deputy Speaker of Lok Sabha approves the date for the election of the Speaker .
The Secretary - General after sends a notice of that date to every member .
10 Usually the motion for the election of a candidate selected by the ruling party is notified by the Prime Minister or the Minister of Parliamentary Affairs .
All notices of motion which are found in order are entered in the List of Business in the order in which they are received at the time .
On the day fixed for the election the member in whose name the motion stands in the List of Business is called upon to move .
He may also withdraw the offer .
The motions which are moved and duly seconded are put to vote in the House one by one in the order in which they have been moved .
As soon as a motion is passed the Chair declares the Chair declares all other proposals not to be voted by the Speaker but makes a declaration that the member in the motion which has been moved by the name of the member chosen by the House.
However if a single member questions the absence of quorum at any time proceedings are रोकनी and the quorum bell is rung and proceedings can be resumed only after there is a quorum .
The decision of the House on a question can be taken by means of a motion moved by a member .
In most cases decision is taken by a sound vote if a query is rejected in relation to a question the Speaker directs that the defendant should be vacated .
After the lapse of about three and a half minutes the Speaker puts the question a second time and declares whether in his opinion the जीत or the " parties have won .
If the opinion so declared is again challenged the Speaker directs that the votes be recorded either by operating the automatic vote recorder or by using " or " सदन slips in the House .
However the practice of going into मत for the purpose of vote recording is not in vogue for many years now .
Now when a division is ordered by the Speaker division bells ring normally for three and a half minutes .
Immediately after the bells stop ringing all the outer doors of the inner lobby of the , Chamber are closed to prevent any entry until division is division sorted .
Under automatic vote recorder system each member casts his vote from the seat allotted to him pressing the requisite button provided for the purpose .
The same push button has been set on each member ' s seat : a सदस्य and three push button is mounted : green button is mounted with a पक्ष and a black button .
Within the House and in all matters connected with the House his ultimate authority is that of him .
Independence and impartiality are the two important attributes of the office of the Speaker .
He ranks higher than all the ministers in the Cabinet except the Prime Minister .
His salary and allowances are charged on the Consolidated Fund of India - that is they do not have to be voted by Parliament .
His conduct cannot be discussed except on a substantive motion .
He does not vote in the House except in case of a motion where there are two parties .
When in such a case of equality he gives his casting vote it is always in accordance with well - established parliamentary principles and conventions .
When elected president agrees he withdraws himself from his party ' s activities .
He does not hold any party post ; he does not participate in any party meetings or activities keeps away from political controversies and party campaigns .
He performs these functions in accordance with the provisions of the Constitution and the Rules of Procedure and Conduct of Business in Lok Sabha .
His decision in all parliamentary matters is final .
The Speaker has residuary powers to give directions in respect of cases not specifically provided in the Rules .
In doing so he may ask a member or the government to provide such facts evidence and information as may be necessary to arrive at a decision .
The Speaker has great powers to govern the functioning of the House smoothly and systematically .
He may order a member to discontinue his speech or to withdraw words or expressions which he feels are या or या .
He can also order that nothing said by a member without his permission will be included in the proceedings and that anything found is cleared from the कार्यवाही account .
The words or parts of the speech which have been ordered are not to be recorded ; or as individuals are कार्यवाही they are कार्यवाही out of action and therefore cannot be published by newspapers .
In order to create chaos in the House the Speaker may ask a member to leave the House for a day or for any part of the day or leave the House for a member to suspend a resolution being made .
All members are required to exercise discipline and they are required to take proper care in their performance and obeying their rulings and decisions.
Whenever he speaks in the middle or rises to propose or raise questions or to place questions he makes some remarks or gives his rulings he must be heard in silence .
The Speaker also determines whether there is a prima facie case for a matter relating to a breach of privilege or contempt of the House ; or the conduct of a member being held to be referred to a Committee for investigation .
If he does not give his consent the matter is not dealt further .
The statements made by the House to try to defend the honour of individuals and to prevent any member from making such a statement - LRB - not produced by him - RRB - if the evidence produced by him or by him is based on .
The Speaker has to be sensitive to the atmosphere in the House .
He communicates the decisions of the House to the authorities concerned and requires them to comply with such decisions .
All the Parliamentary Committees of the Lok Sabha are constituted by him or by the House .
They act under his control and direction.
The Business Advisory Committee . General Purposes Committee and the Rules Committee work directly under his chairmanship .
It determines what matters are financial matters which fall within the exclusive jurisdiction of the Lok Sabha .
If he certifies a Bill to be a ' wealthy Bill ' his decision is final .
In case of disagreement between the two Houses on a Bill whenever a joint sitting of the two Houses is held he presides over such a joint - sitting and all the Rules of Procedure in such a sitting operate under his directions and orders .
It is a breach of privilege to reflect upon his impartiality , character or behaviour .
This is necessary to safeguard and maintain the dignity of the House ; if a member of the Lok Sabha is arrested in a crime a कारावास or a jail sentence is immediately passed by the Speaker or an order of the Executive .
Such intimation is also essential in the event of the release of a member .
No person can be arrested nor can a legal process be served against him in the premises of the House without obtaining the permission of the Speaker .
The Speaker is the ex - officio President of the Indian Parliamentary Group which in India functions as the National Group of the Inter - Parliamentary Union and as the Chief Branch of the Commonwealth Parliamentary Union .
He often leads these delegations himself .
The Speaker is also the Chairman of the Conference of Presiding Officers of Legislative Bodies in India .
The Lok Sabha Secretariat functions under the direction and control of the Speaker .
A question which is being asked to the non - official members may also be asked if the subject matter of that question relates to a Bill or a Resolution or any other matter in the business of the House for which he is being the member .
14 Such questions are sometimes asked in the Lok Sabha and it may not be asked even after the session has passed .
A short notice question cannot be asked by any official member .
Half - an - hour Discussion on matters arising out of a question already answered in the House. Half - an - hour Discussion in Lok Sabha can be held in a week on three days लोक i. e. Monday Wednesday and Friday in the last half - hour of the sitting
In the Rajya Sabha such discussions can generally be held by the Chairman on any day allotted for this purpose generally from 5 p. m. to प .
The subject matter of such a discussion should be of sufficient public importance which has been the subject of a recent starred लोक or लोक question and whose answer needs to be communicated with some factual matter .
In his notice the member is required to specify the point or issues he wants to lift .
Only one notice of the Half - an - hour Discussion is put down for a sitting.
Further in the Lok Sabha - LRB - Lok Sabha - RRB - there is only one discussion in the name of any single member and no member can raise more than two discussions at the same session .
The maximum time taken in the Eighth Lok Sabha was 32 minutes .
The situation however changed sharply during the short - lived Ninth Lok Sabha period when Speaker Rabi Ray tried to regularise and सम्माननीय the illegitimate लोक .
The result was that it often continued for more than one hour .
In fact sometimes it lasted two hours or even more so and the ministers and members waiting for the regular business of the House to start.
One cannot say what kind of matter might arise during this period or what kind of attack the government might be .
This name 1960 was given in newspapers at some time in the early years of the 1960s and 1970 when the practice of raising immediate public importance with no prior notice .
As soon as the Question Hour is over several members are on their feet to raise matters which they feel cannot be delayed though there is no provision in the rules to raise the case.
It seems that this practice has been followed by similar considerations that rules which impede the members of the national importance or the serious grievances of the people in the House should not be the original and concern of the people .
For instance some of the subjects under consideration which adjournment motions were admitted and discussed .
Death of eight persons due to the consumption of fake liquor in Delhi and the illness of many state persons and the severe situation created by it .
The दुर्घटना Minar tragedy in which 45 people were killed .
If objection to leave being granted is taken the Speaker will ask the members in favour of leave being granted to rise in their seats and if at least fifty members stand by it then declare that leave is granted.
The discussion on an admitted adjournment motion normally starts at स्थगन m and lasts for two and a half hours . i . e . g . C . C . C . C . C . C .
The discussion begins with the motion moved by the mover till the House is now present .
After the mover and the other members have spoken on the motion the minister says and in the end the mover has a right of reply .
Through the process of Calling Attention the Government may be alert ; in a particular case of general importance the government can immediately ask for an explanation and create a situation in which the government gives a decision or issues it in the House .
It is a brief and urgent attempt to raise an important issue - discuss it and arrive at a conclusion where members of the Information Group are arrived at by a common resolution without sharing a formal or specific resolution .
There is an atmosphere of passionate feeling throughout the House and every member can interpret the short discussion in his own mind and reach the conclusion .
Prior to 1953 there was no provision for such discussions .
Adjournment motion being in the nature of a censure motion could not be used again .
A convention therefore was established in 1953 whereby members could raise such matters for short - term discussion .
For raising such discussion a member has to give notice to the Secretary - General specifying the matter precisely and explaining the reasons thereof.
Such notice should also be signed by at least two other members of Parliament .
The member moving the motion frames the motion as he wants it to be adopted by the House .
Generally speaking motions relate to obtaining the approval of the House for some policy or action of the government .
Motions moved by non - official members on the other hand generally tend to elicit the opinion or the views of the government on a matter .
Though the motions relate to the various proceedings of the House are to be kept in three principal categories ( i . e . कार्यवाहियों ) the proposal substitute ( सदन ) and the सदन ( सदन ) proposal .
13 . A substantive motion is in itself an entirely independent motion moved for the approval of the House and made in such a way as to express the decision of the House .
14 It is neither dependent on any other proposal nor is it produced by any other proposal .
Thanks to the President ' s Address the adjournment motion on any matter of public importance the motion for non - लोक no - confidence motion the Speaker of Lok Sabha or the Deputy Speaker of Rajya Sabha is the basic resolution and all resolutions for the resolution .
Besides the impeachment is provided in the Constitution on the President who can be carried out by the original proposal made in proper terms .
Amendment may be made not only to motions resolutions or to clauses of a Bill but also to an amendment to a clause of a Bill resolution or to motion.
The amendment is moved during the course of the debate and if adopted the original question is put as amended.
It may be noted that the substitute motion also aims at bringing a different motion before the House as an alternative to the original question but differs from the amendment as a whole motion .
Notice of motion like any other notice is given to the Secretary - General .
No period for notice of 20 proposals is prescribed .
21 . Further the subject matter of the motion as in the case of questions should not consist of होता पद पद statements or allegations and it should not raise a question of privilege or any such matter in question .
A motion which has been admitted by the Speaker for a period of time and which has not been fixed for discussion is called a no - day proposal .
They are placed before the Business Advisory Committee which select proposals for discussion in the House and sets time also for the purpose : 23 Motions are moved by the Speaker for the motion and by the sitting of the Chairman for the motion .
But there is a difference .
All resolutions come in the category of substantive motions ; each resolution is a specific kind of motion .
Further all motions are not necessarily put to vote of the House whereas all the resolutions are required to be voted .
Different types of resolution resolutions are classified as : resolution of non - official members government resolutions and statutory resolutions ;
( b ) Resolutions moved by non - official members are called ' सरकारी ' s resolution ) .
In fact they give an opportunity to the government to gauge the ideas of the House which are still indefinite or may be ahead of public opinion .
The member who wants to move a resolution has to give notice to the Secretary - General of his intention .
There is no hard and fast rule on the question of resignation by the government .
A mere rough सदन is that if the government passes on a matter which is considered vital or dealt by the Opposition and is defeated by the special resolution of a vote accepted by the House the dissolution of the House to resign .
No - confidence Motion The Council of Ministers remains in office till the latter enjoys the confidence of the Lok Sabha .
In order to ascertain this confidence a motion in the above rules is made available to the effect which is called a No - confidence motion .
There is no express provision in the Constitution regarding the individual responsibility of a minister to Parliament for anything done or not done in his department .
This responsibility is सामूहित .
Therefore a motion expressing want of confidence in the Council of Ministers as a whole is admitted and the motion expressing lack of confidence individually in a minister is not in law .
37 No - confidence motion that has no effect whatsoever is not necessary to give reasons .
No conditions of admissibility in the rules are prescribed by the Speaker to determine whether a motion is in order or not if the Speaker is of the opinion that the motion is in force he will ask for a member to leave the House if the question falls .
Otherwise it is believed that the member did not receive the leave of the House .
A motion of no - confidence once admitted has to be taken up within ten days of the leave being granted .
After ascertaining the views of the government the Speaker decides the date for the motion .
If the government so desires the discussion can be started at that time .
The time for the discussion is usually fixed on the recommendation of the Business Advisory Committee .
After the members have spoken usually the Prime Minister himself replies to the charges levelled against the government .
The mover has a right of reply .
When the debate is concluded the Speaker puts the question forthwith and द्वारा the decision of the House by oral vote . or a division if asked for it is called मौखिक .
Under the scheme included in this statement the proposal for partition of the country was accepted .
According to this statement the constitution framed by the existing Constituent Assembly could not be forced on unwilling areas .
The real outcome and effect of the whole plan was to divide India into India and Pakistan .
According to the Indian Independence Act on August 14 - 15 two provinces of India and Pakistan were constituted .
The Constituent Assembly is generally constituted by the representative body of the people of the constituent assembly ( a sovereign democratic nation ) .
( a ) Budget is presented in two parts of our Parliament : i . e . the Railway Budget is presented in respect of railway finance i . e . the general budget .
The basic idea behind presenting a separate Budget for the railways is to secure stability by providing for a definite contribution by the railways and to introduce flexibility in the administration of railway finances .
The Railway Budget is presented to the Lok Sabha by the Minister of Railways sometimes in the third week of February every year and the General Budget is presented by the Minister of Finance at 5 p. m. .
The Budget is presented with a Budget Speech which is in fact one of the most important speeches in Parliament .
This speech occurs in two parts : A B has a general economic survey of the country and Part B contains ' taxation proposals for the coming financial year .
At the end of the speech of the Finance Minister in Lok Sabha a copy of the Budget is placed on the Table of the Rajya Sabha .
Soon thereafter the minister introduces a Bill which consists of taxation proposals of the government .
( a ) Discussion on the budget is essentially a deliberative body to discuss issues .
The passage of the Budget is marked by serious and thorough discussions in both Houses of Parliament .
The discussion on the Budget starts after a few days of its presentation .
It gives members the time required to study the text of the Budget and to discuss the financial proposals among themselves .
Budget is discussed in two states i General Discussion " and thereafter in detail discussions and voting on demands for grants .
Further opportunity for consideration and passed the Appropriation Bill and the Finance Bill is available to the States during consideration and passing them .
( i ) General Discussion on the Budget starts from a general debate which takes place in both the Houses of Parliament for three or four days .
First at this stage members consider the general aspects of fiscal and economic policies of the government and do not go into details of taxation and expenditure .
Thus the general debate gives each House an opportunity to express its views .
The government also becomes aware of the procedure envisaged in the subsequent phases of a particular motion .
It may be noted that in accordance with the power conferred by the Rajya Sabha it is not concerned with the Budget beyond general discussion .
( 2 ) Discussion on demands for grants - in - aid is carried out and voting in other circumstances .
Generally separate demands are made for the grants proposed for each ministry .
These demands relate to the expenditure portion of the Budget and are in the nature of request made by the Executive to the Lok Sabha for grant of authority to spend the amount demanded .
Demands are to be moved as a , in practice but in practice they are assumed to have been moved ; and are proposed by the Chair to save the time of the House .
During the discussion on demands is lively and the policy and working of the Ministry are thoroughly scrutinised .
Time is allotted to each ministry for discussing demands .
Members may disapprove of the policy of the ministry or may suggest measures for economy in the administration or draw attention of the ministry to specific local grievances .
The members can do so by moving a subsidiary motion to the basic motion for demands for grants .
These aid proposals are called " Cut Motions in parliamentary language .
The Business Advisory Committee fixes a time limit for voting a particular demand and for all demands for grants including the Budget .
As the time limit for a demand is over . the process of winding up is applied and the demand is put to vote .
Likewise on the last day allotted for all the demands not disposed of so far as they are put to vote - whether they have been discussed or not .
This process is called गिलोटिन .
At the same time the discussion on demands for grants ceases .
संसदीय by the Standing Committees dealing with Departments revealed that the demands of all the Ministries for grant of only two or three subjects were discussed in the House every year before the गिलोटिन came into force and the demands of all the Ministries were discussed.
Seventeen Standing Committees of the Departments belonging to the Departments have been entrusted with the task of considering the grants demands of the respective ministries and departments and reporting to the House before voting on demand .
After the 1994 - 95 demands were presented to Parliament both the Houses were adjourned for a mass to be examined and discussed by the respective Standing Committees .
During the 1994 Budget Session these committees presented 48 reports on demands for grants for the year 1994 - 95 .
( c ) Appropriation Bill ) Under the Constitution no money from the Consolidated Fund of India can be withdrawn without an enactment of law by Parliament .
The Bill intended to be a legal right to the government to make use of the expenditure from the Consolidated Fund as its name is obvious .
The procedure for consideration and passing an Appropriation Bill is the same as in the case of any other Bill except that the debate is confined to such matters as cannot be discussed or discussed during the debate .
After the Bill is passed by the Lok Sabha the Speaker certify that it is a Money Bill and sent to the Rajya Sabha .
Rajya Sabha has no power to amend or reject the Bill and has to give its consent to the Bill .
Thereafter the Bill is presented to the President for his assent .
( d ) Financial proposals of the government for the coming year are included in a Bill called the Finance Bill which is ordinarily introduced in the Lok Sabha after the budget is presented every year .
Discussion on the Bill covers matters relating to general administration and local grievances before the Union Government .
While the Government ' s policy is generally enough to criticise the details of any particular estimates cannot be discussed .
In short the whole administration is revised but questions which have been discussed cannot be discussed again .
This Bill has to be moved and passed by the Parliament within 75 days after its introduction and assented to by the President .
Vote on Account In a democratic set - up the government tries to give full opportunity to Parliament to discuss the budgetary provisions and the tax motions .
The passage of the Budget carries on since its presentation and voting for demands for grants and adopting Appropriation and Finance Bills ordinarily continue after the start of the current financial year .
For so long as the demands are not met the government should have enough funds to run the administration of the country .
Therefore a special provision has been made for the Vote on Account which empowers the Lok Sabha to make a grant in advance for a part of any financial year by the completion of the Budget .
During an election year if such a expectation that the main demands and the Appropriation Bill would take more than two months to be passed by the House the Vote on account may be taken for a longer period of three or four months .
As a convention vote on account is considered a formal matter and passed by the Lok Sabha without discussion .
Vote on account is passed by the general discussion on the Budget and the discussion on demands for grants is still initiated .
In the railway budget which is passed before 31 March no on account is taken but may be required in the election year .
Additional Demand for supplementary and additional grants cannot be spent without the sanction of excess over the amounts specified by Parliament .
If the amount awarded for any specific service is found insufficient for the purposes of that year or a show on a new service which is unlikely to be envisaged in the budget of the year supplementary or additional expenses are provided to the President .
If any
All such excesses are brought to the notice of the Parliament by the Comptroller and Auditor General through his report on the Appropriation Accounts .
The excesses are then examined by the Public Accounts Committee which makes recommendations on regulating the expenditure in its report submitted to the House .
Supplementary Demands for Grants are moved and passed in the House before the financial year ends while the demands for excess grants are actually made and linked after the financial year has been spent and the financial year has been brought before them .
Legislative Procedure ( a ) As soon as a legislative proposal is set up in regard to ordinary Bills a ministry concerned sees what may be its political objectives administrative powers financial and other consequences .
If other ministries or the state governments are also involved they are consulted .
Professionals and various interest groups such as business labour agriculture and industry if considered necessary are also consulted.
The Bill is thereafter examined and finalised by the administrative Ministry in consultation with all the concerned authorities .
After this entire process the Bill is prepared to be brought before the House .
The minister concerned may be introduced in either of the two Houses of Parliament .
To permit the Bill a minister has to give seven - day notice and two copies duly विधेयक of the Bill are sent to the Secretary - General of the House in which the Bill is submitted .
After the Bill has been found complete in all respects by the Secretariat it is included in the List of Business on a date fixed by the Speaker or the Chairman as the case may be specified for this purpose .
Normally copies of the bill should be made available to members at least two days before the date on which the Bill is proposed .
( Two ) Three Reading - A Bill before forming the Act passes through various stages in the Parliament .
Each Bill undergoes three readings in each House ( i . e . i . e . First Reading Second Reading and Third Reading ) .
( A ) First Reading is a necessity for the leave of the House to introduce a Bill .
After the Question Hour on the appointed day the minister incharge of the Bill on being called upon by the Speaker rises in his seat and says महोदय Sir महोदय I beg .
The minister then rose and says महोदय . "
Generally the introduction of the प्रथा . which is the first reading of the Bill is only a formality and by convention there is no discussion at this stage .
However if the motion for introduction of a Bill is opposed on the ground that the proposed legislation is outside the legislative competence of the Parliament the Chair may permit full discussion in which the Attorney General also participates .
Thereafter the question is put to vote of the House .
With no restrictions on the number of Bills to be introduced in a day a minister may introduce a Bill .
The bill may be published in the Official Gazette with the permission of the Speaker / Chairman even before introduction
These are ad hoc Committees which are appointed to consider particular Bills to be specified .
Bills may now be referred by either House or its Presiding Officer to new Joint Standing Committees on the Departments of the two Houses in accordance with the subject matter of each Bill .
The amendments to various sections can be moved by members of the Committee .
The Committee may also take evidence of experts associations or government bodies interested in the legislation .
Procedure for consideration of a Bill in Committees is the same as in the House .
The Committee also prepares a report on the various sections . schedules etc. and after they have been adopted ; the Lok Sabha Secretariat prepares a report for presentation in the House or in the Houses .
Roy : If a motion for issuing opinion on a Bill is proposed to be circulated the Secretariat of the House may be sent to all State Governments and Union Territories to convey to them some of the local bodies or organs concerned with the Bill .
The period of eliciting opinion is generally referred to in the motion for circulation of the Bill but where no date for this purpose is specified the State Governments are asked to pass the proposal within three months from the date of approval of the motion .
On receipt of opinion they are placed on the Table of the House after which a motion for reference to a Select / Joint Committee is moved .
It is not ordinarily permissible to move a motion for consideration of the Bill at this stage .
But since the President is a constitutional head ( which has to be worked on the advice of a Council of Ministers he may not go back to his मंत्रियों ; but he may ask for further consideration of the Bill ( article के ) .
This is presumably what President राष्ट्रपति Singh did in case of the Postal Bill and President Venkataraman in case of a Bill inter alia seeking to give pension to members of Parliament after just one year ' s service .
If the President gives his assent the Bill becomes an Act from the date of his leave .
Instead of refusing or giving his assent he may return the Bill with a message for reconsideration by the two Houses .
But if the Houses pass the Bill a second time by amending or किए and the Bill is presented again to the President for his assent he shall not have the power to withhold his assent to the Bill .
But a Bill is not considered to be a Money Bill merely because it provides for a fee for a licence or a fee for service rendered or provides for its payment or for the exclusion of any local authority or body for whom it acts .
It may be remembered that the Speaker ' s decision would be final if a question arises whether a Bill is a Money Bill .
Special Procedure Regarding Money Bills A Money Bill cannot be introduced in the Rajya Sabha .
He can be introduced only in the Lok Sabha on the recommendation of the President .
After the Money Bill has been passed by the Lok Sabha he / she is sent to the Rajya Sabha for the recommendations of the Rajya Sabha along with a certificate from the Speaker that he is a Money Bill .
Parliament may approve or disapprove of such a resolution or pursue it if it does not take any action .
The Constitution does not provide for any time limit within which States must signify their ratification of a Constitution ( Amendment ) Bill referred to them for this purpose .
The Act of non - official members also provides for the Parliament ' s Rules and procedures with a view to give an opportunity to the people to express their views on various matters of public importance and to persuade the government to agree to the formulation of programmes and policies .
Discussion on Bills initiated by non - official members affords an opportunity to the House to come to grips with a problem and to discuss it in all its aspects .
The government is aware of all shades of opinion in the House by the discussion of the Bill being finally passed or not .
The purpose of focusing the attention of the government and the people on the specific proposals contained in the Bill is proved .
The government takes a policy decision on the subject of the Bill and presents its views before the House .
It is clear that the framers of the Constitution had accepted the existence of Parliamentary Committees and left it to the Houses to make provisions for them in their Rules .
Under the Rules of the Lok Sabha every Committee consisting of members of Parliament is not a Parliamentary Committee suo सभा .
In fact Consultative Committees do not report to anybody but merely provide a forum for informal exchange of views between the ministers and members of Parliament interested in their departments.
Thus they are not Parliamentary Committees .
There are two types of Parliamentary Committees in India ( i ) : i . e . Standing Committees and ii ad hoc .
The Standing Committees are those which are elected by the House every year or from time to time or nominated by the Speaker or the Chairman / Chairman as the case may be constituted and constituted by the Speaker or the latter as the Speaker follows .
Standing Committees : Standing Committees in each House ( and a few Joint Committees ) can be categorised according to their functions :
Their recommendations have always been directed by the administration to keep these policies and programmes globally regulated by economy efficient and quickly.
Reports of these Committees have earned them considerable respect from all sections of the society both official and non - official .
Each recommendation is carefully analysed and processed and the administration always endeavours to remove the faults and lapses pointed out by the Committees and to act in accordance with the recommendations made by the Committees .
The Financial Committees have developed adequate procedures to ensure that the Government is made aware of their recommendations and the reasons for non - acceptance of the recommendations which are not accepted .
The progress in the implementation of the recommendations as well as the differences between Committees and the government are not answered through the Action Taken Report " .
The elaborate and effective procedure for follow - up of the recommendations made by these Committees is essentially an Indian innovation to the parliamentary procedures prevalent elsewhere .
The three Financial Committees are elected by the House for each other .
Ministers can neither become members of these Committees nor can they be asked to appear before them for their evidence .
Their Chairmen are nominated by the Speaker .
संसदीय Enquiry Committee : In a parliamentary democracy like we have : संसदीय there is an inherent right of the people to present petitions to the Parliament with a view to providing redressal and seeking constructive suggestions on matters of public importance .
This right is exercised through the Committee of Petitions .
Each House has a Committee on Petitions .
The Committee has 15 members in Lok Sabha and 10 members in Rajya Sabha .
The function of the Committee on Petitions is to examine every petition which after presentation to the House stands referred to the Committee .
The Committee reports in the House on specific complaints made in the petitions after taking such evidence as it thinks fit .
The Committee suggests remedial measures either on the specific case under review or in a general way to prevent such cases in future .
The Committee also considers representations including letters and telegrams received from various individuals and associations which are not covered by the rules relating to petitions and gives directions for their proper settlement .
This Committee has already made important contributions in providing parliamentary support to the common man in the matter of redressal of his just complaints .
It has proved to be a real boon to those wronged and oppressed citizens for whom no remedy or relief is available elsewhere .
The Committee has 15 members in Lok Sabha and has 10 members in Rajya Sabha .
To ensure that there is an effective and continuous check on the possibility of misuse of such power by the administration each House of Parliament has its own Committee of Subordinate Legislation .
The Committee of each House consists of 15 members nominated by the Speaker / Chairman .
Normally the , Committee is reconstituted every year .
The Committee examines them whether suitable provisions have been made to place their rules or orders on the Table of the House .
If the Committee concludes that the provisions made in the legislative powers delegated legislation should be revoked or amended by any means they may report to the House before the Bill is considered .
The Committee consists of 30 members - LRB - 20 from Lok Sabha and 10 from Rajya Sabha elected by the respective Houses of Parliament from amongst their members .
The functions of the Committee are mainly to consider the report of the Commissioner of Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes and to report in Parliament the measures taken or required to be taken by the government .
The Committee also ensures that constitutional safeguards are put into force for these backward communities .
( Six ) Service Committees There are certain Committees of Parliament which look into various kinds of facilities and services and other matters relating to the functioning of members of both Houses of Parliament and of Parliament .
The Committees are: General Purposes Committee , House Committee वेतन Library Committee and Committee salaries of members and
General Purposes Committee : Each House has a General Purposes Committee .
The Presiding Officer of the concerned House is the ex - officio Chairman of the Committee .
The Committee should have the same conditions as the Deputy Speaker or the Deputy Chairman . members of the Table सदन Chairman of all the Standing Committees of that House ; recognised parties and such other members as may be nominated by the Presiding Officer .
The Committee is constituted to advise on such ad hoc matters concerning the affairs of the House and its members as do not appropriately fall within the purview of any other Parliamentary Committee and which may be referred to it from time to time .
The Library Committee is a joint committee of both the Houses consisting of six members of Lok Sabha ( including the Deputy Speaker nominated by the Speaker and three members of the Rajya Sabha nominated by its Chairman .
The main function of the Committee is to help the members in the use of the library and its aid services सदस्यो means reference research and documentation services .
It advises the Speaker on matters pertaining to the selection of books framing of library rules and its future planning etc .
A Joint Committee on Salaries and Allowances of Members of Parliament was constituted to make rules under the Salaries and Allowances of Members of Parliament Act . 1954 .
It consists of 10 members from Lok Sabha and 5 from Rajya Sabha .
The functions of the Committee are i . e . to the members of the two Houses for regulating the payment of their daily and journey.
The conclusion is of the fact that the report of the Parliamentary Committee on the basis of the fact that on the basis of the Bofors Gun तोप rises to the recommendations of the Parliamentary Committee on the issue of the security scandal .
Committee Reports instil fear and respect in the administration .
All Government activities are covered by 17 Departmental Committees .
More importantly these Committees have led to significant improvements in the existing tools of ensuring scrutiny of government ' s activities .
Nevertheless the Legislature as a representative body of the people is the symbol of their sovereignty .
It has to bear in mind the interests of the people and take all necessary steps to ensure that the administration acts within the ambit of the Constitution .
The basic objective of establishing a separate and independent Secretariats for the two Houses has been to ensure effective and unimpaired exercise of the concepts of executive responsibility and administrative accountability to the Parliament.
In fact the Constitution of India itself recognises this important necessity .
Articles 74 and 75 provide that under the leadership of the Prime Minister the Council of Ministers will collectively be responsible to the Lok Sabha and in the first part of article 98 provide for separate officers and staff to each House .
Clause 3 provides that until such laws are made by Parliament the President may after consulting the respective Presiding Officers make rules regulating recruitment and conditions .
No legislation has been passed by Parliament so far under clause 2 of Art. 98 of the Constitution .
But on 1 October 1955 in pursuance of clause 3 of Art. 98 Lok Sabha Secretariat ( Recruitment and Conditions of Service ) was framed and promulgated by the President in consultation with the President .
Similar rules for the Rajya Sabha Secretariat were framed and promulgated by the President in 1957 in consultation with the Chairman .
They join their सचिवालय through competitive exams .
( 2 ) Financial Committee Service which renders financial assistance to the three Financial Committees and the Railway Convention Committee and all works connected with them
Parliament Library and Information Services The Parliament of India may claim to have one of the most efficient information services including one .
The central objective is to provide a full and effective picture of the country by means of audio - visual means before members of foreign parliamentary delegations visiting dignitaries students देश tourists and others .
The role of parliamentary officials has been noted in recent years with the increasing technological innovation and complexity of government work as well as the need for more efficient and appropriate training professional officers and staff to work in the Secretariats of our संसद
No doubt adequate and efficient officers and staff are necessary for each Legislature .
In view of the responsibilities of the officers and staff of the Legislature it is essential that they have a high degree of quality and varied experience and economy as well as economy quality of life .
The officers and staff of the two Houses have to serve members of Parliament as they do have to be persons of high calibre impeccable integrity requisite qualification and training .
They have to use all their competence tact and experience in discharging their onerous responsibilities .
He has to make sure that the factual information supplied to the Speaker is perfectly correct ; all relevant rulings and precedents pertaining to a matter are placed before the Chair to facilitate right decisions .
As far as advice to members is concerned parliamentary officials are not expected to offer it without reason .
These rules are based on the Rules of Procedure and Conduct of Business in both the Houses and have been gradually evolved from conventions and rulings given by the Presiding Officers from time to time .
The first rules of conduct of the sitting of the House when the House is in session should be adopted to the House - LRB - which should be followed by a few minutes before the commencement of the meeting .
When the sitting of the House commences every member should enter the Chamber with decorum and in such a manner so as to leave the Chamber and not to disturb the proceedings in the House .
While entering the Chamber the member should bow before the Speaker while commencing his departure and taking his seat while leaving it .
This respect is to the whole House and not to a person on the Chair .
The Speaker represents the House to all outside bodies and authorities .
Regard for the authority of the Speaker as the symbol of the corporate personality of the House is the basic norm of parliamentary conduct .
While करके A leading principle is that at one time only one member should speak or ask questions and the Chair has the power to call upon members to speak one by one .
When a member wants to speak he should rise in his place to attract the attention of the Chair .
A member ' s pecuniary interest is required to be settled by the House in which a member has insurable economic or direct interest the member is expected to preside over the matter while participating in the proceedings .
It aims at ensuring objectivity in deliberations and avoid any objection to the vote of the member on grounds of personal pecuniary or direct .
Similarly a member of the Committee has any such interest in a matter which the Committee has to consider should give his benefit to the Speaker in the matter .
Apart from the rules and conventions which are to be followed by members of parliamentary decorum in the House there are many customs and practices which are equally important to maintain proper standard in parliamentary life and to maintain the dignity of the House and its members .
Members of Parliament are therefore expected to maintain a standard of conduct not only inside the House but outside the House .
The conduct of members should not be contrary to the standard which is offensive or derogatory to the dignity of the House which the Parliament expects of its members .
The conduct of a member has not been fully explained and in each case it is within the jurisdiction of the House to determine whether a member has been unfair or is not entitled to conduct .
Thus even though a particular case or fact does not come under any recognised title of a breach of privilege or contempt of the House the conduct of a member may be considered unfair and derogatory to the dignity of the House .
The House has the right to punish him for the conduct of its members the House exercises its powers either in the House or outside.
The House also has the power to punish members for disorderly conduct and other सदन whether committed within the House or outside the walls.
When a member violates any restrictions the Speaker may direct him to leave the House and / or the member may initiate proceedings of suspension from the service of the House .
As far as the charge is concerned the Draft Government of India Act 1935 in regard to most of the provisions of the Act of 1935 which I have been declared does not commit any objection to it .
It is not a shame to borrow from anybody .
There is no theft .
Nobody has any patent rights in the basic ideas of the Constitution .
The Draft Constitution was completed on 15 November 1948 during October 1948 - 17 October 1949 .
Subsequently the Drafting Committee consequential or necessary amendments prepared the final draft and placed it before the Assembly .
The second reading of the constitution was completed on 16 November 1949 and this was followed by Dr .
The motion was adopted on 26 November 1949 and thus on that day the people of India in the Constituent Assembly adopted and enacted the Constitution of the Sovereign Democratic Republic of India .
The Parliament Buildings comprise of the Parliament House Annexe Annexe Reception Office and the upcoming Parliament Library .
Together called the Parliament House Estate which includes large lawns pools fountains fountains and roads .
The whole complex is enclosed by an ornamental red stone walls and by massive iron gates.
The Parliament House consisting of two Houses of Parliament the Lok Sabha and the Rajya Sabha located में during 1921 - 1927 .
The Parliament House is one of the most prestigious buildings in New Delhi and " is one of the finest specimens of architecture in any country in the world . "
The building has 12 gates 5 with doors built in front of them .
Though designed by foreign architects the building was built with indigenous materials and by Indian labour and its architecture bears a close imprint of Indian traditions .
The aims that inspire the users of Esperanto are still as important and relevant as ever.
No use of a few national languages all over the world will lead to the advanced methods of communication - not from संप्रेषण to संप्रेषण or from the new forms of language के - - This is the most essential यथार्त of the teaching - language system .
Any system of communication which confers a special advantage to one and it is essential for others to try it for years and for them to achieve a nominal worth .
भाषाओं संप्रेषण like संप्रेषण और and और are not हीन like भाषाओं but भाषाओं is much better than other languages .
We believe that language inequality gives rise to every level of communication - even at the international level .
All ethnic languages are connected with each other not separately nor from the country .
Students from distant - to - day learning learn about the limitations of this kind where each country is home .
A language that attracts a certain proportion of its learning in spoken language .
Thus at his early age he broke all the trappings of belief and faith ; he lived as a vision of God a sacred knowledge .
In the last years the association which he founded was so declared by him :
Lord , . how in my childhood you have kept me away from कर्मकाण्ड . and कर्मकाण्ड gave him the chance to understand them - and steadily as the years passed the light of knowledge poured in me and I went on to the goal .
In twenty - three years of his stay in Madras Ramalinga would often come out of the city and go out on foot composing and sing poems for the glory of Lord Tyagaraja .
Tired out he spent the night in the open .
They also visited . and तिरूमुल्लैवयल the temple of जाते .
From the early years he started living in करूंगुझी ( जन्मभूमि ) करूंगुझी - करूंगुझी - करूंगुझी - करूंगुझी - करूंगुझी - करूंगुझी - करूंगुझी - करूंगुझी - करूंगुझी in Vadalur and मेट्टुकुप्पम - मेट्टुकुप्पम as his करूंगुझी - करूंगुझी .
हुए to Chidambaram he went on visiting other places to see them on the way : शैव like संत a Saiva saint संत born and in early times considered it his spiritual master .
There he lectured in the temple and sang in praise of the deity .
After this he also composed songs sung at गांव गांव गांव गांव गांव and गांव and finally arrived at Karunguzhi near his village की .
His elder brother Parasurama Pillai who was living there died a few days after Ramalinga ' s arrival.
Ramalinga was about to be invited to करूंगुझी - राजस्व to join Ramalinga in his home a room which was ready for him and till 1867 when he left Karunguzhi his wife धर्मपत्नी - धर्मपत्नी and his wife धर्मपत्नी - धर्मपत्नी served him nine years .
As in Madras Ramalinga spent the whole night in his home and travelled all day accompanied by his daily prayers to the temples of , .
Chidambaram का known as है in Tamil is so ancient that St. हैं who lived in seventh century A. D. refers to it as ancient शती .
है or अनम्य - depending on the hard or simple procedure of the amendment संविधानों may be called rigid or flexible .
Federal Constitutions are usually classified as rigid because of their amending procedure .
Our Constitution may be said to be a combination of rigid and flexible as certain provisions of the Constitution - LRB - article 2 - RRB - 3 and 4 and 169 - can be amended by simple majority in both the Houses of Parliament .
Only in the case of some provisions in addition to a special majority in the two Houses of Parliament an amendment requires a ratification of not less than half - a - member States .
During the past 51 years our Constitution has been amended more than 83 times .
The fact therefore तथ्य the charge that our Constitution is federal .
The U. S. Constitution is the first category and the U. K. Constitution is an example of second class .
In the unitary constitution all powers are vested in the agents of the central government and exercised authority by the Centre .
A federal state order generally makes it mandatory that there should be a federal Constitution ; the constitution is supreme and the powers are typically divided between federal government and the state governments and they should use freely and in their own ways .
Moreover the judiciary is essential to have an independent Supreme Court for arbitration if a dispute exists between the Union and the States .
The disciples who undertook this service were पांडीचेरी मुदलियार Mudaliar of केवेतु . Mudaliar of केवेतु . Mudaliar of रत्न . Mudaliar of रत्न . .
The book is the most indebted for Ratna Mudaliar .
For six years from 1860 to 1866 - LRB - , - RRB - Ratna Mudaliar , - LRB - उनक - RRB - as is known by his correspondence between them .
In 1860 he wrote to Ramalinga ( though the original letter is lost ) the reply given by Ramalinga in reply to it ) is that he will eat only one meal a day .
Ramalinga wrote in his reply dated 30th December 1860 that he would collect his poems but he would also request his adoptive friend to give up his resolution .
Ramalinga wrote that even he would take a vow.
रत्न : Ratna Mudaliar succeeded in collecting and publishing books in 1867 .
In his Appendix he gives an account of his life in which he praised Ramalinga and also narrates the conditions of publication of the book .
He was beyond the earthly plane and he was too extra - ordinary man to follow him .
In the course of Ramalinga one comes across what Huston Smith has said of बुद्ध :
The books contain the admiration of the Buddha and the words had completed their work ; while his teacher had the core of the mystery which he could not accommodate them completely .
We have devoted a whole chapter to Ramalinga ' s compassion .
Huston Smith says with reference to Buddha : 'a French tenderness so strong that his message was also called religion of infinite compassion .
'It seems to the author that human compassion reached its acme in Ramalinga .
He regarded it as the most essential and the only step in the making of the soul - LRB - purification and the divinity - RRB - and at the same time tender firm determination rational and rational terms which have never been heard before .
The plain was at the disposal of two principal मैदान - one from Madras to मद्रास and from मद्रास to मद्रास .
As soon as he heard it he gave away his land by about eight acres : one by one जमीन and this was done on February 2 1867 bearing the signatures of forty जमीन .
It was on the same day that in the traditional accommodation a provision of food for the people lay in the temporary accommodation viz . a permanent building which had a well - constructed building and construction of a tank was started .
A thousand printed invitations were issued to the public .
It is said that a thousand and six hundred people were fed daily for the first three years .
Even today every hungry visitor is given free food .
At the opening of the Eating House on 23 May 1867 Chidambaram जीव जीव read out extracts from Ramalinga ' s tract जीव जीव .
The main religion of Ramalinga was जीव ( जीव ) according to him it leads to God .
God came to me and said " I am one . "
Life will no longer be useless. Let the flame of light flow into them for the sake of true knowledge.
The limits on which absolute bliss can be compared with the following lines from the आनन्दातिरेक उपनिषद् :
स्वामी Swami 1880 and Friedrich 1880 during this period will take this part in the poems and songs of Ramalinga published six years after his death in 1880 as the sixth of रामलिंग .
This hymn composed in का metre consists of का lines an unprecedented dimension of Tamil poetry .
It is estimated at 1872 April 18th .
There is a monarchy with a hereditary king while our country is a republic with an elected President .
In the U. S. system the supreme court is the Supreme Court because it has the power to judicial review and interpret the Constitution .
In India the Constitution has adopted the middle path .
Since our Constitution is a written constitution and the powers and functions of each organ are defined and delimited by the Constitution there is no question of any organ being at all even Parliament .
Both the Parliament and the Supreme Court न्यायालय are supreme in their respective spheres .
You must pick the opportunity and not waste time .
Remember this song will be suitable for prayer.
The statement that for some time the Lord will shine in this लौ ; as if Ramalinga felt that the coming of God and his end .
In a song written at this time this feeling is clear :
This trend continued for three months .
The similarity between the two is equally remarkable : both are capable of noticing the contrast : when in the last days of his life there was no desire for a poet and for a man of God he found it totally different from God .
Ramalinga opposed all religious doctrines dogmas सिद्धंतो किया .
It is to be said that the supreme Light addressed by him is an abstraction like Siva as proved by his poetry - the supreme Light - LRB - अंतरिक्ष - RRB - in which he addressed the supreme Light by God like स्वामी स्वामी
According to traditional Hinduism Siva is considered to be the supreme Light or Supreme Light
The teachings of के are the same as those of के .
उपनिषद् उपनिषद् says :
The supreme Light consists of a transcendental अनुभवातीत pure अनुभवातीत .
It is pure that . is the light of the whole light .
Ramalinga described Intelligence as the Light within the light of the inner light the most outward light of the individual soul the Light of the Supreme Grace the Light of the Supreme Soul and the Light of the Supreme Soul .
The poem of Ramalinga Shri Ramakrishna कविता says , is born around the flower only as long as it has not tasted honey.
When he wants to speak a word : first or later it does not result in the fact that poetry is the poetry of the highest or the quality .
But the poet unlike the रहस्यवादी mystic is lured by the utterance of the पंरतु .
On the other hand the great poet in his mode of expression से beauty of his आनदंदायक
The sayings of prophets do strike a note of poetry to some extent .
We can clearly recognise the poetry of Buddha and Jesus .
Ramalinga is a unique exception .
He is not only with Prakash and बुद्ध but he is also in the style of song - and Shelley - Shelley - or Shelley - Shelley - Shelley - in whose writings he has made the language stronger and strengthened .
There was hardly any institution or cause for which he did not give away liberally .
She studied at कलक
Moreover he was active in the establishment of the first medical college and hospital in Calcutta in 1835 which still is the home - finding hub of medical education in the country .
They offered छात्रों scholarships to inspire the students so that they could study medicine and trying to break the prejudice of the Hindus into the room in which the dead bodies were shed .
He was the first Indian member and patron of the Asiatic Society of Bengal founded in 1784 by Sir William Jones .
This society owes its pioneering scientific institutions as the Archaeological Survey of India the Archaeological Survey of India the Botanical and Geological Surveys of India as well as the ancient and largest Indian Museum in India .
On the eve of his departure from Calcutta द्वारकानाथ - द्वारकानाथ then English journal published in Calcutta wrote : Who will describe the name of all the charitable organisations in Calcutta to convey about Dwarkanath ' s public charities ?
They not only served their wealth generously and बुद्धिमतापूर्वक but were very firm against their strong opposition .
He was a faithful friend and staunch supporter of Raja Rammohun Roy who was a remarkable religious and social reformer and a visionary whom Indian historians once described as the Father of modern India .
There was no room for delicious dishes in our food .
The list of our articles of clothing would be looked down upon by the modern boy with contempt .
We could not wear socks or shoes till we passed the tenth class .
In the cold weather a second cotton tunic कुरता .
We never felt ourselves ill - being .
Of course we complained only on the spot when the बच्चा tailor forgot to put his pocket into our tunic because so far no child was born so poor that he had his बच्चा
He spent his childhood and घरेलू under the tutelage of domestic servants whom he called रवीन्द्रनाथ .
So the boy remained rooted in one spot and dared not step out .
From the balcony of the window he would look like नहाने in the pond everybody would see his eyes play with the weird sensations of the banyan tree .
Years later the poet recalled this childhood companion in these lines :
The boy was not dedicated to the rigours of अपने " because he was not unduly docile but because of his boundless curiosity for his surroundings which even in small things had made him such a thing .
Looking back on childhood again the thing that recurs most often is the mystery which used to fill both life and world . . . .
It was as if nature was she हाथ her hands and हाथ , Did I get अंदर and I thought nothing is impossible.
The बचपन experience of a closed childhood left a very deep impression on him and in later years his ideal of education had been cast in this mould .
The child ' s curiosity and longing for the big and mysterious world of men and nature beyond the confines of home and a school became for him yearning for the व्यक्ति spirit .
In his play Dak Ghar ( Post Office ) published in English as The Post Office which was written in 1911 he dramatised this longing in the character of a boy named after him .
Amal is a tender and sensitive figure who is confined to his bed in a dark room because his over - अभिभावक parents and the ignorant family doctor fear that if he has become infected .
The memories of this school had survived only two स्मृतियां one of which was the foul language of a teacher and a compulsory song in English before the reading began .
Bengali children neither understood the words of the song nor knew its melody .
The first thing to be done is to pour words into a fourteen - celled mould which later सघन into poetry .
Thus the child लेखनी his first verse in the popular Bengali metre बंग्ला .
The lotus of poetry blossomed in no time in the fourteen - वाले metre and even the bees found a foothold on it . "
The child was however disappointed.
Was poetry a little more than an amusing exercise ?
Nevertheless the experience was था .
He got hold of a blue copy book in which he started writing poems .
The Maharshi was enchanted and sat down for the evening under a pair of वृक्ष trees .
When he got up after his prayers he decided to keep this spot for himself and not to eat it .
It was here that पिता father and son spent the first few days of their journey .
This was Rabi ' s first experience of freedom in which he could point somewhere between the open nature and the month of बालक which he very much liked .
But the father did not leave the son entirely to his own resources .
He read to her the selected parts of Sanskrit Bengali and English literatures and in the evening made him sit by his side and sing his favourite poems .
At night when the Indian sky revealed the splendour of the stars in the sky he taught Rabi astronomy.
The watch was wound with such zeal that it was sent to the कलकत्ता in Calcutta for repair.
Whenever he was inclined to compliment himself on his own performance he reminded him of a Sanskrit saying that विदा aspirant after poetic fame wins in उपहास "
So while she checked his conceit from growing she प्रेरित encouraged the best in him and at that time his most ardent ambition was to win her admiration .
She herself was a genuine lover of literature and music and was at the same time very sensitive .
With Rabi he too undertook a journey of praise for his elder brother रवि ' s first published poetry to run away in praise of the dream - poem प्रयाण which was a masterpiece of art .
It was during this period that the novels of Bankim Chandra Chatterji were being serialised in the literary journal बंगालियों which caused the झंझावात to the Bengali heart .
When बंगाली came out he blew up the afternoon of everybody in the neighbourhood .
It was my good fortune that I did not have to snatch it for I had the gift of being an acceptable reader .
My sister - in - law would rather listen to my reading aloud .
There was no electric fans then but since I was reading I shared the benefits of her hand fan.
The poet understood the poet while the theologians में .
This fascination grew until at the age of sixteen he was seized with a strong desire to pour his own vague उपदानों in the same mould which would express the fervour of his feelings while screening their object.
One day in the rainy season when the dark clouds were बादल in the sky वह up in his room and he lay in his hand a slate in hand with a कुसुम of poems of the medieval poet " कुसुम .
Many readers were surprised at this and Tagore in his article on डा said that Dr . चटर्जी a Bengali scholar in Germany was influenced by the magazine वह in which he published it .
Apart from the fact that this innocent literary fraud associated with these early poems is an important fact that they were the only compositions of this period which the author permitted to be included in his साहित्यिक years .
There was no literary livelihood in those days and it was the natural cause of concern for the entire family that the impetuous talents of this precocious boy could find some useful अकाल .
His elder brother Satyendranath was advised to take Rabindranath to England with him ( he was on leave after a few days : his wife and children grew up before him to become a court .
So he was taken to London and housed in a residential house which appeared before the लंदन Park .
More than the cold there was a सर्दी cold which chilled him to his bones.
The sky was overcast and it खोकर to a dead man ' s eye .
There he did not know any one who had been taught to learn Latin ; he was a good man but a आदमी
से was obsessed with the theory that in each age one dominant idea is manifested in every human society all over the world irrespective of there being any outward channel of communication between these different societies .
The pretence of learning Latin lasted for some time until Rabindra changed his डेरा .
He even denied the payment of arrears saying that I had nothing but wasted your time .
He could hardly be persuaded to accept his fees .
During this stay in London he visited the Parliament House and heard Gladstone and John Bright speak on the Irish Home Rule .
On his return from England रवीन्द्रनाथ Tagore ' s days of his London migration were मकान by joy and in this matter he was fortunate to have a house of an English - friendly family . It was the house of Dr Scott .
When he first landed at his house he was a white - haired doctor his wife and eldest daughter .
His two young daughters alarmed at the fact that their house was attacked by a घर हमला who went to visit a relative .
They returned only when they were assured that the stranger was harmless.
As time passed he became everyone ' s favourite : even the dog from the house went on eating till he had played with him .
Mrs Scot थीं him like a son and looked after him with more affection and solicitude than he had known from his own mother .
Her devotion to her husband and family impressed him greatly.
The daughters too grew very fond of him particularly the third one who was his age and could sing and sing बजाकर .
He taught him several English and Irish songs .
If something he brought with him it was the unfinished manuscript of a tall lyrical composition he had begun to write in London with his title The Broken Heart .
His reticence will continue to चक्कर his writers .
There is an inevitable poet - youth and dreams .
It does not even break away from others' hearts for what exactly he wants ?
There are many more characters in the play and they all are good at breaking each other ' s heart .
But tragedy and philosophy were not real for the author was too young to understand what he wanted to express .
And yet it was necessary to exercise his poetic gift as it was evident from the थी that the young author was steadily gaining mastery of the technique .
Even though the poem was left to be included in his entire range of poetry it had been aided by his first presence .
For such spontaneous and romantic abandon were something new in Bengali poetry - writing .
The Maharaja of Tripura sent his Chief Minister to Calcutta and jointly asked him to honour the Maharaja for his poetic achievement .
What surprised the author is not that he wrote this long drawn लबालब effusion at the age of eighteen and thought it good others had liked it .
The curious part of it is that I was only eighteen but all those around me seemed to be eighteen . "
But however painful the pang at parting this was the " broken heart " returning back home and more carefree and happy .
Spencer ' s idea that through a development of these emotional आरोह of voice man founds music appealed to me .
I often thought that the idea could not be popularised by a single - minded था .
And he did so in Valmiki Pratibha and was much encouraged by its stage success .
He himself took the part of Valmiki and his young niece Pratibha that of the young वाल्मीकि लडऋकी who was a robber chief छुडऋआया .
Tagore himself had played the role of a blind man .
Thus obsessed with this रुग्ण neglected and sick fancies the young man sought to release his self - expression and free from any desire for a favour .
The young poet was in love with sorrow and revelled in the bitter - sweet despair.
At the same time अवचेतन indicates that this was the sunset of the first phase of his creative development when I was busy blowing up a raging flame with the bellows of my emotions .
In जमीन still the first poem in the collection तरफ कविता is कविता as the जमीन is addressed to the evening of सन्ध्या a single and mysterious figure not visible in the darkness of a child .
What is it you are softly humming to humming .
The poet feels a strange kinship with her and goes about this in his poem in detail.
In another poem he will show his sympathy to the broken star who has baffled and utterly committed suicide .
In another poem he उलाहना his sister - in - law who left him alone .
He has left : to say " What is it left to say ?
Those songs are gone back and what song is now left behind ?
Those songs are gone : . has left a heart behind .
They have gone and with them the flower and the birds have parted as well as the light from which the days are bright .
I have been thrown out like a फटे .
The Spirit of Evening which he invoked in this poem vague mysterious has now assumed a concrete and familiar image.
Long ago when I was a child you wrapped me round with your affection as the evening envelopes the earth with its silence .
Does the evening tell you its magic ?
You have unfolded me out of my shell and without singing you have taught me all the songs I know .
The melancholy expressed in this sheaf of poems is naive and adolescent but by no means insincere or assumed .
Though the poet had been preaching some of these poems in later years and had made it difficult to throw them out of his published works he firmly opposed the fact that they were खंडन .
He has commented on this in his जीवन " A vision a good and fortunate Professor is worth making fun of a young man who has kept his eyes खिल्ली " .
रवीन्द्र and उदास with himself Rabindra wrote to his father who was often on the march of the Himalayas and requested him to go back to England and resume his studies .
He got permission and sailed for England in April 1881 accompanied by his nephew .
On the eve of his trek he made a speech on the theme of music and compassion to the people of Calcutta in which he expressed his views with his songs .
This was his first public lecture in which he tried to prove with vocal demonstrations that the music was how the words fail to express themselves .
He was coming out of his shell to the people ' s eye and in the meantime he wrote a very bitter and controversial article in China - In which he condemned Britain to run the opium bomb .
From the beginning of his life to the end he had a very vivid understanding of the world and a manly concern with the world of things .
The second voyage to England was यात्रा .
The nephew who accompanied him had married recently.
His first novel रानी रानी रानी रानी or रानी ' s रानी रानी was also written here .
This first novel is a historical melodrama cast in the mould which his predecessor Bankim Chandra Chatterji had made very popular .
No wonder that when it was published the author received a letter from the famous veteran congratulating him on the achievement.
The substance of the plot and the significance of its title may be summed up as follows: , a brave but ruthless king सहानुभूति his son for daring to show sympathy with his suffering subjects .
The Prince ultimately leaves the state .
On his way to the holy city of Banaras he leaves his sister to her husband ' s state .
On reaching there she learns that in the meanwhile her husband had kept another wife .
The disappointed sister accompanies her brother in the exile.
The place where they had नौका their boat is still known as the नौका of the little queen .
There is not a particular story about the novel from the point of view .
But from the point of view of historical importance the author had made considerable progress .
It is like a little nursery bed in which seedlings were transplanted and transplanted to flower elsewhere.
There are many situations and characters that the author has developed and developed in his plays like स्त्री and स्त्री in his very early stages of life : a king who against the interests of his own people and against a man of his own .
After the idyllic holiday in the villa on the Ganges the two brothers returned to Calcutta with काद्मबरी Devi .
But they did not go back to their ancestral home but took up their residence in Sudder Street not far from where they belong.
In the very heart of the bustling metropolis the young poet at this tall broad house had his first deeply felt spiritual experience which burst upon him with a vivid and authentic impression on his whole life .
He wrote about it in his मानव and later in The Religion of Man .
One morning as he stood at the terrace of the house and at the end of the road a sun was coming from behind the rows of trees the sun shining behind the eyes of a sudden all the marvels of my sight !
The gloom and despondency which had weighed over and oppressed his spirit forcing it to turn upon itself in a morbid relish of its own disease had completely destroyed it from a garment to a garment .
And by the way of firing there would be a फूट फूट " Yesterday tomorrow : करती " On the rocks through sheer निर्बंध and through every barrier witnesses .
In a mood of semi - exaltation a rediscovery of this world and the joy of living he wrote a number of poems which were later published as Prabhat Sangeet .
In another poem he makes a review of his life how in the uncultivated rock of his heart he was losing his way and Nature the source of his happiness and how he has lost all of his आयामों dimensions .
Thus he sets out in another volume a festival of his new faith in a new body of poems with great fervour and one may be surprised to see that it was an entirely different kind of कलेवर yet neglected .
Moreover these poems are an authentic herald of the majestic procession that was to follow and in language and metrical movement opened a new movement in Bengali poetry which was still untouched .
Most of these poems are not merely उच्छवास of the new delight of delight ; some of them now appear to be the intellectual backbone of thought which was a brilliant blend of emotion and thought and music .
To understand for the young author that even if the commonplace sights and sounds of a dingy street in Calcutta could make him feel happier .
It is for this reason that the poet has to give a new form and shape to words which he means to a certain extent controlled and the feeling involved .
Two other poems included in this book also bear the germ of his favourite philosophy that Being is Becoming that life is ever moving and renewing itself and that death is what helps it to renew itself .
" Every year I have lived and died . "
Another long poem में in its tone औ and in a way the whole theme is very grand in which the Hindu myth is linked with the possibilities of modern science and the creation and rhythms of the other world .
Brahma the Creator in the midst of this great timeless and और The Great One is the Great Lord ; his eyes are closed and he has a great silence .
Suddenly his eyes open and he utters the primeval hymn of creation .
The emptiness is filled with burning आग and revolving लपटों of fire .
But all these सृष्टि tire of revolving in the endless round of the Law and the Creation wearied of itself prays to Siva the Lord of Destruction for the peace of सर्वनाश .
The joy of laughter may attract him to the darkness of sorrow ; for he has burnt all senses in the funeral pyre of self - knowledge .
He will now pity the gods and mankind all over the world . "
When he comes to the nearest town he belongs to an untouchable girl who not only the priest of the temple but everyone else दुत्कार and अनाथ .
The monk is frightened at the fact that he does not follow his संन्यासी .
But he cannot keep himself away for long and finds that he is dead when he drops back .
Death sets the seal on his realisation ; within a small band the great is to be found ; there is only the eternal release of the soul in that form and in love . "
They are यायावर and यायावर nameless and anonymous who represent the daily panorama of life in a village or on the highway.
As has been pointed out earlier Tagore ' s plays are full of unknown characters and incomprehensible characters who represent different sections of society and such a group which seeks little to say for it .
These characters use the native dialect and like some of Shakespeare ' s rough characters indulge in crude humour all of which provides a relief from the high flown thoughts and superb poetry of the main characters .
Having spent the summer and the rainy season in चौरंगी the party returned to Calcutta in autumn and now stayed in a villa on Lower Circular Road near चौरंगी .
From the first floor of his bungalow Tagore used to watch the daily drama of these crowded colony of humble folk men and women playing all their tasks and the children .
All this was like a living story for me . "
He was really anxious : seeing the spectacle that the mind thinks sees her eyes and the eyes are looking for what the mind is thinking . "
It was only appropriate that the poems he wrote in this vision were later published as कविताएं O मनोदशा and which are remarkable poems of his mood .
He was watching and absorbing and growing and all the time the craftsman was practising new strokes and improving his technology .
All the poems are not pictures or are confined to a single form .
For instance the poem of his love of God is half - symbolic half - symbolic and half - metaphysical an allegory of the turbulence in the dark depths of his own mind away from what he sees from outside .
It is only in history that the most romantic of his age was married so रोमांटिक .
In spite of his arrogant romantic character and dynamic identity in the field of literary experiments Tagore was a humble and obedient child and so सम्मोहित by his father ' s magic personality as if the words of his father were never mistaken for him .
Despite the obvious anti - climax he was however in the long run the Maharshi ' s arbitrary and seemingly unreasonable choice for Tagore .
Tagore who remained romantic till the end needed no inspiration from his wife but an प्रतिकारक .
If he had married a beautiful girl it would have been afraid of him but his wife was determined to treat him with some measure of happiness and comfort which he had prepared for his life .
The bride ' s maiden name was घिसा . a name that was a वधू - घिसा and as it is now they would smile it .
After marriage the name was changed to Mrinalini a lovely name given by her husband who was the first stage in this chapter .
Nalini था was a name which was very dear to him and Mrinalini seemed to incorporate this name .
As a matter of fact these days were working on a prose drama called this name .
The plot was well - known and it was decided by every member of the family to play as he wrote at the heart of a young man called नलिनी de नलिनी in which the author was to play .
At last Tagore had to complete the drama by himself .
But before the play was staged a tragedy overtook the family .
In April 1884 Kadambari Devi Rabindranath ' s favourite sister - in - law suddenly committed suicide .
She was only twenty - five years old .
Nobody knows why he did so ?
At the beginning of 1889 रवीन्द्रनाथ Rabindranath Tagore who now carried his children daughter रवीन्द्रनाथ ( or बेला ) and son रति to Sholapur where his brother was the District Judge .
King Vikram विक्रम is the ruler of a state of the Punjab and he is married to the exquisite Princess of Kashmir : The King is extremely mad in love of his रीनी and sits down all the time मंडराता round him and sits close to his kingdom .
Rani ' s Kashmir - based relatives take over all important positions in the State and migrate to her रानी income .
For she does n ' t have enough time to concentrate on these useless मस्ती while life is so short - full of passion and fun .
The hungry crowds riot outside the palace crying for bread .
What is the noise the queen asks ?
Oh the coarse भीड crowd भीड for food : the sweet peace of the palace ?
The husband ' s eyes instead of love are बू of lust and बू which has made him almost a mere खून and च्युत and च्युत to duty and humanity.
When King तो learns of his wife ' s decision he is प्रति with rage his love for her turns into a passion for revenge and his wounded पऋऋष into a voluptuous greed for violence and conquest .
He leads his armies into Kashmir to teach Prince सेन a lesson .
No one can face the fury of his onslaught his armies are victorious everywhere and he occupies Kashmir .
Prince सेन however is too proud to surrender ; he still tries to appease the tyrant ' s wrath and spare his people the hardships of occupation.
He therefore sends his severed head to the King as his gift .
The offering is brought to the Court by the proud and sorrowful Queen who falls down dead as she offers the tribute at the feet of the जमीन .
The conflict in this play is between love and duty between a vain and पुरुष man and a proud and humane woman .
After a few days' stay at Shelidah he returned to Santiniketan and finally left for Sholapur to stay with his brother Satyendranath .
There he heard that Satyendranath and his young friend सत्येन्द्रनाथ सत्येन्द्रनाथ planning a visit to England .
What a good man he made up his mind to go with him .
Even during these wanderings and changes a small volume of writing - a book which was always with him and which was so eager to get filled with poems .
Whether he was gazing at the snow - capped Himalayas or धूल in the heat and dust of the plains the poems poured forth.
Most of them were written in गाजीपुर or in the absence of roses .
The traditional bulbul might not have been the प्राण but the प्राण in whose songs he sang freely and still गा .
This harvest which was completed in a period of three years or more was published under the title फसल सिक्का and at the same time raised a catch of his talent .
In other words it stood for a solemn commitment to religious freedom for all .
This was reinforced by the principles of equality of status and opportunity and of fraternity among all the people of India .
The vision of the founding fathers was that of a nation transcending all diversities of religion caste and creed .
They were not hostile to religion but they hoped that it would be possible to forge political unity and that religious differences would not hamper nation building .
The Constitution envisaged a new social order free from communal conflicts and based on social democracy economic and political justice .
It visualized a polity under which laws would not discriminate between citizens on grounds of religion caste .
The Constitution sought to establish a 'secular' order under which the majority of the population did not enjoy any special privileges or preferential treatment at the hands of the state and the religious rights of the minorities were protected in many ways .
It seems necessary that the term secularism be clearly defined in the Constitution itself firmer legislation passed and already existing legislation firmly implemented and a radical law be passed so that no party or individual can misuse religion for political purposes .
In order to fulfil its obligation state - of - the - art governments must be conscious of the bio - diversity of their country .
मैक्सिको मैक्सिको a मैक्सिको plant specialist in मैक्सिको मैक्सिको गार्डन and the Institute of इंस्टीट्यूट मैक्सिको de मैक्सिको मैक्सिको with scientists in Mexico .
They are recording the list of each of the higher plants found in वनस्पति .
The वनस्पति work depends upon the वनस्पति of the वनस्पति Museum .
If it is a new discovery for science it is described and named after the scientific name .
This information is collected and brought out a botanical catalogue or Flora of मेसोअमेरिका .
Flora विज्ञान will include a description of प्रजातियों species from which about 10 per cent will be new to science .
A list of books and newspapers published in Spanish as the Internet provides information about the fundamental classification of scientific practitioners and जर्नसाधारण which they need to know about the safety of the local communities .
Scientists will report new discoveries in this list .
It is the starting point for future research in the evolution and ecology of the Regional plants .
In the case of a man migrating after July 19 1948 he was registered as a citizen of India by an officer appointed for this purpose by the Government of India .
However in this second case no person shall be so registered unless he has been residing in India for at least six months immediately preceding the date of his application .
पाकिस्तान to Pakistan special provisions have been made in Article 7 about the citizenship rights of those persons who migrated to Pakistan after March 1 1947 but returned to India later .
It is made clear that the person migrating to Pakistan after March 1 1947 ceased to be a citizen of India but an exception has been made in the case of those who returned to India on the basis of permits for rehabilitation .
( State v. Amar Singh . AIR 1955 SC 282 . Rahman v. State of Madhya Pradesh v. Union AIR 1951 SC नाग .
44 .
Persons of Indian origin residing outside India ( many persons of Indian origin ) have been residing or have migrated abroad for purposes of employment or otherwise .
The founding fathers were farsighted enough to have made provisions in the Constitution to protect the citizenship rights of such persons in India .
Naturally they were made binding on the state i . e . the government and the legislature .
Article 13ह्य2हृ Before the commencement of this Constitution.
C . . ' s Book of India ( खाई . ) See pages 155 ) .
Equality before law and equal protection of laws Article 14 of the Constitution enunciates the fundamental right of every person not to be denied equality before law in the territory of India .
The protection provided by this article is not confined to citizens alone but extends to all individuals .
It embodies the principle contained in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights that all are equal before law and are entitled to equal protection without discrimination .
In singular in the equality before law means the same thing as the substance of law or of law or of justice .
On the other hand in the term ' equal protection of the laws " the word विधि clearly directs the statutory law and the provision made by it directs the State to ensure that all laws which they make are equitable .
However there has been no occasion for the Supreme Court to appreciate any distinction .
In fact न्यायमूर्ति Chief Justice शास्त्री Shastri has observed that the second term is the first पद result and is far too difficult to imagine the situation in which laws are not governed by the sense of equality .
( State of West Bengal v. Anwar AH Government AIR 1952 SC 75 ) .
Laws should be made applicable to all in a uniform case .
The Supreme Court has held that the varying needs of different classes of people often require separate treatment .
By V . भारत Lal v. Union of India AIR 1951 SC 41 .
If the classification is not reasonable and does not satisfy the two conditions mentioned above the impugned legislation or executive action would plainly be arbitrary and the guarantee of equality under article 14 would be violation .
Therefore wherever the state is moved in executive action - LRB - legislative - RRB - or is committed by any authority under article 12 - RRB - निरंकुशता becomes active article 14 promptly and discharged such action (
Thus the new view enunciated by the Supreme Court has widened the scope of Article 14 ' and no distinction has now been required to be made in comparison with others .
बनाम v प्राजैक्ट and इक्विपमेंट Corporation ( 1984 ) 3 SCC 316 328 .
Prohibition of discrimination on the basis of race caste sex or place of birth where Article 14 declares the nature of equality and methods in the case of a general rule in respect of a few citizens of India .
Article 15 enjoins the state not to discriminate against any citizen on grounds only of religion - LRB - religion - RRB - race sex place of birth or any of these .
The use of the word is only significant.
Any distinction based on one or more grounds and on other grounds or grounds would not be affected by this article ( बंबई v. State of Bombay AIR 1953 AIR 1953 SC 440 ) and no distinctions based on residence (
Clause 2 of the article provides for special enforcement of the prohibition .
The prohibition obviously covers both the activities of the State and the general public .
( A. K. Gopalan v. State of Madras AIR 1950 SC 27 ) .
It is necessary that all restrictions imposed by law whether reasonable or not arbitrary or of satisfactory nature and the onus of proving it to the satisfaction of the court lies with the state .
The more severe the restrictions the greater the भारी responsibility to prove the reasonableness ( प्रदेश Ahmad v. State of Uttar Pradesh AIR 1954 SC आर होगा ) .
Since the Constitution does not define " reasonable restrictions it has to be decided on the basis of its own merits .
G . Rao . AIR 1952 SC 196 .
The norm is really flexible and it changes time in each case with place and conditions .
The framers of the Constitution made it clear that they had not been writing the Constitution either entirely free or completely fresh .
They had deliberately decided not to neglect the past but to lay the Constitution on the basis of the framework and experience already established .
The Constitution of India had a co - ordinated development .
Category b : Bills containing provisions involving expenditure from the Consolidated Fund ( articles 110 and 117 ) .
By defining the Special Procedure for Money Bills a Money Bill has been said in Article 110 that a Money Bill is an incidental Bill containing only these matters i. e. the custody of Consolidated Fund . of a Consolidated Fund ; and
If a question arises whether a Bill is a Money Bill the decision of the Speaker shall be final .
Every Money Bill is presented to the President for his assent he shall be given a certificate along with the signature of the Speaker of the Lok Sabha ( article 110 ) .
A Money Bill can be introduced only in the Lok Sabha and only on the recommendation of the President .
When the Lok Sabha passes it to the Rajya Sabha by passing it the Rajya Sabha may make its recommendations within a period of 14 days if any and the Lok Sabha may accept or reject all or any of the recommendations .
Thereafter it is deemed to have been passed by both the Houses with the amendments accepted by the Lok Sabha .
If the recommendation of the Rajya Sabha on the amendments is not accepted by the Lok Sabha or the Council of States is not amended within 14 days it is deemed to have been passed by both the Houses as provided by article लोक .
Since we have already stated that the legislature has the power to act against evil practices for its own contempt and since it has been laid down by article 208 ( 1 ) the Legislative Assembly has laid down the rules of its action and procedure expressly .
The Legislative Assembly is the master of its own procedure and is the sole judge of the question whether its contempt has been committed .
The Government therefore decided not to amend the Constitution .
It was of the opinion that the Legislatures and the Judiciary would develop their own conventions in the light of the opinion given by the Supreme Court and the judgement pronounced by the Allahabad High Court .
The legislative powers of the President give power to article 123 President to promulgate ordinances if the two Houses of Parliament have not been running a session and there is a dispute in the matter of emergency .
The power and influence of the ordinances issued by the President are similar to the laws made by the Parliament except that all such ordinance अध्यादेश the period of six weeks from the dissolution of the Parliament or before the House निरनुमोदन .
It is only the Rajya Sabha which can declare that it is in national interest for Parliament to legislate in respect of any matter in the State List .
If by a two - thirds majority Rajya Sabha passes a resolution to this effect the Parliament can make laws for the whole or any part of India ( article 249 ) .
Moreover if the Rajya Sabha has by a resolution of less than two - thirds of the members present and vote it has been declared by article भारतीय of the Union of India to make such provision in the national interests fit or subject to creation .
After a new Lok Sabha is duly elected and constituted the President invites the leader of the party or parties commanding the support of more than half of the members of the Lok Sabha to form the government .
While the Prime Minister usually is a member of the Lok Sabha ministers are drawn from both Houses of Parliament .
A person other than a member of Parliament may also be appointed a minister but after six months he has to vacate the office unless he manages to get himself elected to either of the two Houses .
Since the Council of Ministers is collectively responsible to Lok Sabha ( article 75 ) ministers have a constitutional obligation to resign collectively as soon as they lose the confidence of the Lok Sabha .
The scheme of our Constitution represents a real fusion of the highest executive and legislative authorities.
The Executive and the legislature are not centres of power competition but they are considered to be integral partners or partners in government work .
Parliament is a large body .
The concept of the supremacy of religion was not different from the concept of विधि or controlled laws .
In ancient India the rulers were bound by ' religion ' and no one could overtake religion .
In . and अथर्ववेद the assembly ( general assembly ) and the assembly of elders ( ? ) is mentioned .
पाणिनी Brahmana Panini 's पाणिनी पाणिनी s अर्थशास्त्र अर्थशास्त्र s Artha - shastra Mahabharata अशोक inscriptions on Ashoka 's pillars the बऋद्ध and Jain texts of the period and मनुस्मृति are all evidence to indicate that during the period of Indian history.
Especially after the Mahabharata many small empires came into existence in place of the great empires .
There are many references to how these republics handled .
Representatives were elected in the open House .
He was a king and ruled with the help of a Council of Ministers .
Parliament may by law regulate ( article 124 ) .
In the case of Justice Ramaswamy motion for presenting an address to the President for his removal failed to get the required majority in Lok Sabha .
Unlike the common belief there is no provision in our Constitution for impeachment of a judge .
impeachment is provided only for the President and none else .
Also there is a fundamental difference between removal procedure and impeachment procedure and between the impact of the adoption of a motion for impeachment and the passing of a motion for presenting an address to the President seeking orders for the removal of a Judge .
However after the motion for removal from the office of a judge the Deputy President thinks of issuing necessary orders .
Every person appointed as a judge of the Supreme Court before he enters upon his office takes an oath before the President or the person appointed in that behalf by him in a prescribed manner in the Constitution .
The Constitution prohibits a person who has held office as a judge of the Supreme Court from practising law before any court in the territory of India ( article 124 ( 6 ) and 7 ) .
He had an elected president called नायक and was called the hero .
On December 31 . 1600 had been obtained by the East India Company from Queen Elizabeth a trader of London .
By that Charter the company was initially given a monopoly of trading with India and some regions of South East Asia for a period of 15 years .
Judicial review : i . e . the development of judicial review as it has been in America the highest court of the country has the power to hear the final decision in respect of the legality or illegality of legislative business in this matter .
Our Constitution very largely follows the U. S. practice in this regard .
Cases are often filed before the Supreme Court by the State Government or by affected private individuals or parties claiming that while enacting a particular law the concerned government exceeded its jurisdictional limit with regard to the division of powers under the Seventh Schedule .
While reviewing such enactment the Supreme Court will examine whether jurisdictional limits have been violated .
Incorporation of a Chapter on Fundamental Rights in the Constitution makes judicial review specially relevant.
And under this article ' the ' State ' has been defined to make a judicial review of the Government of India and one of the State governments and the state authorities in India all under the local authority and under the jurisdiction of the Parliament and the States .
By 1967 the Supreme Court accepted the view that there was no law " under the definition of the Constitution Act 13 ( 2 ) .
An organisation dedicated to the cause of bonded and non - bonded labourers in the Union of India - LRB - South 1974 - RRB - published a letter to the Supreme Court by a letter to the Supreme Court that they carried on a massive stone survey in the precincts of these ports and conducted in the precincts of mines .
The petitioners entreated that a writ be issued for proper implementation of the various provisions of the Constitution and Acts so that the मजदूरों of those workers could be overcome with pain suffering and helplessness .
The burden of all the facts and evidence against the constitutionality of the statute lies with the President .
2 . In the interpretation of law the court has to decide whether the whole law is against the Constitution or only part thereof .
If the facts are expected the court may partially declare the law as void .
Article 274 requires that Bills affecting taxation in which States are interested in effect . ( prior recommendation of the President is required .
The State Legislatures may by law levy taxes on professions trades रोजगार रोजगार and employment .
However the amount of these taxes payable by an individual shall not exceed Rs 2500 per year .
The Parliament ' s power to legislate on income from professions etc. does not affect the power of legislation . ( article 276 ) .
The recommendations of the President Commission and the action taken thereon are laid before each House of Parliament ( articles 280 - 281 ) .
संसद of Consolidated Funds Contingency Funds and moneys credited to public accounts shall regulated by Parliament and each State Legislature concerned ( article विधानमंडल ) .
Article 290 provides for adjustments to be made between the Union and State Governments in respect of payment of certain expenses .
Article 365 read with article 365 provides that once a Proclamation of Emergency the scope of the Union ' s jurisdiction is expanded by the President to comply with and directions to the failure in relation to the exercise of the State .
Language Provisions Section 29 ( article 29 - 30 ) Part 5 . - Part VI ( Section 120 ) - 14 ( 14 ) - Part 17 - 101 parts ; Part II and 17 sections in respect of the Constitution ( Second Official Language ) .
The protection of the interests of linguistic minorities and the ban on religion has been said in article 29 that any section of citizens residing anywhere in India has the right to maintain their own distinct language अल्पसंख्यक script or culture .
No citizen can be denied admission in any educational institution maintained or aided by State on grounds of language religion etc .
Article 30 aims at establishing and administering all minority groups based on religion or language .
All such reports can be placed before the Parliament and sent to the concerned State Governments .
Language of Legislatures Article 120 lays down the official language of the Parliament .
Other than anything else it says the work of Parliament will be done in Hindi or English .
But the Presiding Officer of each House may ask a member who cannot adequately express himself in Hindi or English allowing his mother tongue to address the House .
It has therefore been arranged in both the Houses of Parliament to bring together speeches made in leading regional languages in Hindi and English .
But in actual practice most of the time in which the entire business of each House is transacted in Hindi or in English is given the full facility that passes in Hindi to English and English .
Article 210 has been provided for the State Legislatures .
In the Legislature of the State action shall be transacted in the official language or languages of the State or in Hindi and the Presiding Officer of a House may order a member not to speak in his mother tongue to either of these languages .
The official language of the Union was the most complicated question of many of the fundamental problems faced by our founding fathers in the shape of a national language or of the official language of the Union .
Finally under a compromise formula embodied in article 343 Hindi in Devanagari script was accepted as the official language of the Union with the international form of Indian numerals .
It was allowed that for a period of 15 years English will continue to be used and even thereafter Parliament may by law provide for the use of the English language or the Devanagari form of numerals for any specified purposes .
The Indian National Congress was constituted in 1885 .
This marked the steady slow down of imperial control in India and led to the process of evolution of responsible government .
From the very beginning the Congress has made its public life the basis of its becoming increasingly representative institutions in the country .
The Congress was of the view that reforms could improve all other systems .
Speaking on the subject at the fifth session of the Congress ( Bombay ) 1889 ) Surendra Nath सुरेन्द्रनाथ said " If the Council improve you will get everything else .
The future of our country and our administrative system depends on it . "
The Indian Councils Act of 1892 was a step towards the acceptance of the increasing Indian demand for representative institutions at least था .
It was in this sense that the British Government recognised for the first time the importance of the representation of the Indian People in the ब्रिटिश Councils by the British in ब्रिटिश .
The Congress was convinced that it was for the common purposes of Indians to maintain unity among them .
Fresh elections to the Central Legislative Assembly which were overdue were held in the last quarter of 1945 .
Sarat Chandra Bose was the leader of the Congress Legislature Party .
The Indian Independence Act 1947 introduced some changes .
The provisions of the Act of 1935 which under which the Governor - General or the Governor could exercise either in his discretion or in accordance with his personal views .
The Dominion Legislature received full power to make laws including laws having a deterrent effect .
The Governor - General ' s Council was constituted with a Council of Ministers to aid and advise him on his functions .
The legislative powers of the Governor - General were removed and power was given to him to promulgate ordinances only in case of emergency for peace and good administration .
Parliament and State Legislatures The Constitution of India has established a federal system of governance in the country as the legislative executive and financial powers between the Union and the States.
But it is extremely doubtful if Indian polity can be described as federal or federal .
The word के was nowhere used in the text of the Constitution.
In fact the proposal to describe India as a फेडरशन was specifically turned down in the Constituent Assembly .
Article 1 of the Constitution described India as the Union of States .
There are many elements in the Constitution and a large number of its provisions which are very clearly opposed to it being a federal Constitution .
Unlike the United States of America India has one citizenship ; flag is one and the Constitution is one .
The judiciary is also integrated and is not divided between the Union and the States .
In short there can be a difference of opinion about whether the Indian political system is federal unitary or quasi - federal or that it is a polity which is unitary in spirit but federal in structure .
The Union of India has 25 states at present and seven Union Territories ( as specified in the First Schedule of the Constitution .
The Executive has the right to formulate a budget .
The Constitution provides that an annual statement of estimated receipts and expenditure will be placed before the Parliament .
It has full freedom to suggest how revenue should be raised to meet its expenditure. Thus the entire initiative in all these financial matters is with the government .
No taxes can be legally levied and no expenditure incurred from the public exchequer without specific parliamentary powers by law .
The 19th century British concept of parliamentary control over the Executive is no more valid even in the ब्रिटिश of ब्रिटिश ( British Parliament ) .
The Parliament ' s government is under control .
Through the members' questions sometimes the ministers concerned themselves get better informed about the departments under their charge and the weak spots therein requiring priority attention .
Still another procedural device is that of the Calling Attention Notices .
A member may draw the attention of a minister to a matter of urgent public importance and request him to make a statement on the matter .
Members can also write to the concerned ministers asking for information which is needed and general information is given .
Another medium for seeking institutional information is the reports of various parliamentary committees .
In the process of scrutiny the Committees collect detailed and valuable information from the ministries and departments of the government through probing questions etc. These procedural measures become a very important tool for the achievement of information on matters of urgent public importance and vice versa.
Some political parties have their own research and reference staff who feed their members with the necessary information particularly from the party position .
सरकारी going to the constituencies and other places - LRB - leading to the correspondence of electorate and other people - RRB - Government advice or other समितियों boards etc - they keep the public and non - official publications सरकारी literature and radio evidence .
The Press plays a particularly important informational role in parliamentary life .
Parliament is becoming more representative of the people of India of the level of their political awareness of their lack of sophistication and of their problems their hopes and aspirations .
The politics of the elite group are gradually giving way to राजनीति politics .
Besides संसद an average member of Parliament feels his primary duty to represent his people and to deal with their problems express difficulties and grievances and strive to remove them.
For if the Executive is responsible to the Parliament the Parliament and its members are also answerable to the people .
The member is the chief communication link between the people he represents and the Parliament and the government .
The member can make it possible by fully utilising the various procedural measures available and making it possible for this purpose in the House and through the Petitions Committee and other Parliamentary Committees .
Discussion on legislative proposals or financial Bills A resolution on the policies of the government to consider and approve them - LRB - First President ' s Address on the Motion of Thanks on what States are free to express their views and views in the course of debate and discussion .
In fact the Parliament has been in the forefront of social reform .
At the beginning of the Constitution several legislations have been enacted by Parliament to provide for the minimum wage payments for social security benefits for disadvantaged groups of the society such as for backward and traditionally depressed classes social security benefits and so forth.
Parliament does not create laws .
It has neither the time nor the necessary information .
As in other cases even in the matter of legislation the initiative is entirely done by the Executive and the administrative departments .
The modern concept of law is not that it is a set of rules to be implemented generally .
Law is a process ; a long and complicated procedure which is guided by the earlier social trends ; the first necessity and action to be followed by the संसद of the संसद followed by the President ' s more and more policy - related sets .
Thus it cannot be said that law - making does represent a body of persons or any part of the State; all the three organs of the State the Executive the Legislature and the राजय come together to form legislation .
At the end of this chapter in Appendix 1 shows how much time the Lok Sabha spent on different types of functions ( constituent ) the special powers ( article 368 of the Constitution ) were to be amended .
The procedure for the amendment of the Constitution has certain special features which clearly mark the Parliament ' s constituent capacity from its ordinary role as a legislature .
First an amendment of the Constitution can be initiated only by introducing a Bill in either House of Parliament ( Parliament ) since the initiative for making amendments to the Constitution is exclusively reserved for Parliament .
Second by and large the provisions of the Constitution can be amended by Parliament by a special majority : i . e . ii by a majority of members of each House present and voting.
Only in the case of the constitutional provisions of a limited category ( i . e . when the List of Seventh Schedule List संसद of States in Parliament ( article 368 ) ; the amendments by a special majority to be passed by the Parliament .
Third the Constitution Amendment Bill has to give his assent to the Bill after its duly introduced before the President and after the Bill has been introduced in the case such as the President has no option to withhold leave or return to the House to reconsider the Bill .
Record of procedure is a full verbatim record of the proceedings of the two Houses of Parliament drawn and published .
Certain words or phrases held separately and not recorded under its orders are not included in the official record of the proceedings .
Also parliamentary reporters take down the proceedings in shorthand in को or turns of five or ten minutes .
अग्रेजी printed volumes of debates are available in Hindi and English text .
Parliament and publicity media ( Freedom ) The Constitution has not expressly provided for the freedom of the press but it has been settled by judicial decisions that freedom of speech and expression includes the freedom of the Press.
All persons connected with the publication of proceedings of a House of Parliament are given full immunity from proceedings in any Court under the Constitution ; but a condition is that such publication is made by the authority of the House ( article 105 ) .
He enjoys supreme authority over the secretarial staff the precincts of the House and the Parliament House Estate .
He represents the dignity of the House the independence of the House and as the House represents the independence of the nation and since it becomes the symbol of the nation ' s independence it is only fair to maintain this position as extraordinary persons .
Prior to 1921 the Governor - General of India presided over the meetings of the Legislative Council .
The origin of the President ' s institution in India dates back to 1921 when the Central Legislative Assembly was first constituted under the Montague - Chelmsford reforms .
Sir Frederick 1921 was appointed by the Governor - General on 3rd February 1921 to be the first Speaker of the Assembly for a period of four years .
Shri Vithalbhai Patel was the first non - official to be elected President of the House on August 24 1925 .
On 20 January 1927 he was re - elected and held office on 28 April 1930 at the date he gave up his post .
Shri Patel had the distinction of being the first Indian and the first elected Speaker of the Central Legislature .
Shri G. V. Mavalankar was chosen as the first Speaker of the first Parliament constituted after the first general elections after independence .
As the Presiding Officer and as the head of the Secretariat of his House the duties and duties of the Chairman Rajya Sabha are almost the same .
The President appointed Shri Mavalankar to perform the duties of the Speaker until the first Speaker of the First Lok Sabha was duly elected . 23 .
Because of the comparatively easy and easy procedure the Parliament is becoming increasingly popular with its members as compared to other forms of parliamentary procedure .
This is clear from the number of Lok Sabhas which have been replied to by a number of Lok Sabhas which have been admitted to exist .
The number was declining in the eighth Lok Sabha and the ninth Lok Sabha .
It is also seen that out of 40 to 70 per cent of the notices received during sessions are admitted but on account of the specific limit of मानसून and मानसून questions included in the list only 45 per cent and 33 per cent respectively.
The importance of the Question Hour has been considerably proved by certain instances when questions closely pursued by vigilant members led by them on questions which often led to investigation in cases of violation of statutes government ' s policies or violation of public funds .
Some of them for example इस्पात in which Inquiry has been : जीप in the जीप मूंदडा ( 1951 ) इस्पात मूंदडा 1957 ( 1957 ) 1957 import के ( 1974 ) and इस्पात of steel deals and वनस्पति consumption of beef in clarified butter .
These facts amply demonstrate how the procedure of questions is and how effective the Question Hour is .
It was called ' hour ' for the first hour as the hour went on from hour to hour i . e . g . a fast - day .
These two provisions ensure that the government cannot dispense with the Parliament for a period of more than one year because each proposal of expenditure gets the sanction of Parliament for a period of one year .
The Constitution provides for a Consolidated Fund of India which provides for all revenue received by loans advances etc .
The expenditures are included in the budget : ( b ) required to meet certain items of expenditure which have been charged to the Consolidated Fund of India ; and b to India to meet other expenses .
The first category can be discussed in both the Houses but is not submitted to vote of either House .
In other words it is the non - बजट part of the budget .
No such demand can be made except on the recommendation of the President .
Any money from the Consolidated Fund of India can be withdrawn only under the Appropriation Act passed by the Parliament - LRB - or otherwise ) .
The All - Parties Conference organised at Bombay on 19 May 1928 appointed a committee under the chairmanship of Motilal Nehru to formulate the constitution of India .
The Report embodied not only the perspective of contemporary nationalist thought but also a framework of the draft constitution of India .
The Draft Constitution of India was based on the principle of Dominion .
It laid down certain fundamental rights and provided for a federal system in which the units were given more autonomy but residuary powers vested in the Central Government .
Almost twenty - one years later it was embodied in the Constitution of free India which was adopted by the Constituent Assembly on 26 November 1949 .
The White Paper issued after the third Round Table Conference outlined the British Government ' s proposal for constitutional reforms in India .
In June 1934 the Congress Working Committee declared that the only satisfactory alternative to the White Paper was the preparation of a constitution by an elected Constituent Assembly on the basis of adult franchise .
This was the first occasion when a definite demand for the Constituent Assembly was formally put .
The Executive Committee of the All India Congress Committee adopted a resolution at its meeting held at Patna on 5 - 7 December 1934 which ठुकरा the scheme of constitutional reforms recommended in the Joint Parliamentary Committee ( 1933 - 34 ) .
Second the charge of the House is enormous .
It does not have the time to examine every case in detail or to discuss it enough .
The full and comprehensive scrutiny of technical and other matters by Committees makes the House ' s time saving and at the same time the Parliament can afford to discuss important matters and not be seen in matters of policy and wide theory .
Third Committees are often executed by the Committee on matters which require deeper vigilance and prompt consideration in a calmer and so far as possible in a non - partisan atmosphere .
स्थान different views and effecting compromises through exchange arrangements will be made in the atmosphere of the Committees instead of the House where members operate on the basis of party loyalties and are naturally concerned with building an image among the members .
Fourth since there is not much difference in the actual composition of the two Chambers in the Indian Parliament the Rajya Sabha has become almost a parallel House .
Even if this was not so it cannot be said that the Rajya Sabha is a traditional cooling or revising Chamber and is a traditional chamber of elders or elders or experts guarding against hasty or faulty legislation .
Under the circumstances the Select Committees and the Joint Committees on Bills may inter alia perform the role of the traditional Second Chamber .
The fifth point is that in a party system like दलीय there are some Committees which otherwise belong to the Opposition - LRB - they keep the Executive on its toes and prevent them from करने .
Thus the Secretariats function as independent Secretariats under the direction and control of the Chairman or the Speaker in any case .
As per well - established conventions orders issued by the Government of India to its ministries and departments for service of officers and staff themselves do not automatically apply to the officers and staff of the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha Secretariat .
However if any modification or alteration of a financial order is considered necessary the adoption order is issued after consulting the Ministry of Finance .
If the staff of the Legislature Secretariat had to depend on the Home Ministry the Ministry of Finance or any other department of Government for career prospects promotions pay scales etc. it is obvious that they could not be independent of the Executive .
The Budget of the Two Houses of Parliament The position of independence is maintained even in the matter of expenditure incurred on salaries and allowances and amenities of the members and officers of the Parliament .
These expenses are met from the Consolidated Fund of India .
As in the case of other ministries of the Government of India separate demands for grants in respect of the Rajya Sabha and the Lok Sabha are placed before both Houses of Parliament .
The Parliament sanctions the expenditure through the Appropriation Act every year .
No cut motions are allowed in the House on the demands of the two Houses and their Secretariats .
हाथ of hands to attract the attention of the Chair is not considered to be a normal parliamentary practice .
No member should speak unless he has caught the Chair ' s eye and the Chair is asked to speak it .
The members have been denounced by the Speaker either for discussing or वितर्क another member ' s speech or for his regular comments on the minister ' s statement .
When a member is speaking in the House and any other member has to take his seat during the debate to raise a point of order or to raise a point of view of personal explanation with the permission of the Chair .
If a member wants to comment on a matter before the House or any other member speaking to a House explaining a matter under consideration of the House or wants to ask him questions through the Speaker for its purpose of interpretation .
The member should speak from his appointed place and rise .
However if a member is unable to cause illness or disability he is allowed to speak while sitting by the Speaker .
A member should not address the members of the House in the course of his speech but should always address the Chair and talk to other members through the Chair .
This theory may be a mere formality but is practised assiduously so that debates do not become a conversation between members .
After examining the notice if the Speaker feels that there is no prima facie case for a breach of privilege or the matter to be raised is not in order the Speaker may give his consent to the matter .
As far as the theory is concerned it is true that it will not work for it ; 'said Ramalinga .
I mean that although the mind cannot seize the Brahman in the way of other things it can only be noted . "
If a small part of something is caught hold of the mind a part can be gradually drawn to it - LRB - the whole - RRB - until it has been attained .
Either it is beyond speech and imagination है or not .
Also as if the mind is capable of partial enjoyment it can be absorbed through other senses such as through hearing taste smell touch and sight .
If they do so the reverse of the nature of Brahman .
When the mind is over there is a duality of Brahman .
When the mind enters slowly a knowledge of Brahman ceases - with experience .
He who is beyond the comprehension of the mind ( for which the mind is comprehended ) ( as sages say ) That is Brahman and not what is worshipped .
That which cannot be seen by the eyes but by which the eyes are seen know That is Brahman not what is worshipped .
That which is not heard by the ears but by which the ears are heard know That is Brahman ; not what is worshipped .
Karunguzhi years with the founding of the Sanmarga Sangam Ramalinga felt that he had sufficiently prepared himself for his mission in life .
inspired by his mission of God and his devotion to God he began to speak like a prophet .
He said definitely :
In his tract on Compassion he has explicitly indicated that it is irrelevant in the exercise of compassion.
In the evening he spoke to the people who came from far away and shouted their hardships and sorrows .
Whenever provisions ran short they would report to him and he would say to him : By the morning your requirements will be met and indeed the next morning carts with rice and vegetables would arrive.
In May 1870 after four years in Vadalur Ramalinga shifted to वडलूर .
There he was held in the house of वैष्णव of the Vaishnava cult .
It was a small building in a room .
He selected about fifty acres of loose ground near the Eating House .
Seven screens of different colours hung one behind another representing seven levels of the illusion of the phenomenal world which hide the light within us by knowledge and grace .
Each room was occupied by a लकडी door every window every pillar every pillar every arch motion projected on the south east - west east - west peripheral तख्ता even a wooden plank and a chain .
The announcement that he made on the occasion of the opening of the Assembly included in it the truth of his personal experience which we have given below are a few lines of his initial opening .
Friends मानव the rare births of human beings - I know how far it is time of achievement ; for in all my efforts I have not yet received the knowledge of which I have no idea of no human powers .
I desire that this great joy should also be yours.
The awareness of the identity of the soul in the Infinite the object of the good will of the good will of the soul which fills the soul with joy is I want to tell you to find it as I have done.
It was open to all castes cults creeds and religions.
They could worship from outside if they wanted .
In a song he हुए for God ' s saying that in a गीत ( 24 minute Tamil ) his desire to get the state of yoga only ?
While on the one hand he endorsed the traditional and Vedic concept of liberation he also pointed out that it was not the ultimate goal but only the marginal phase that lay in divinity .
According to him liberation and perfection are two sides of the same मुक्ति release is a mature state in the direction of being self - existence self - existent and perfection.
In order to convince his followers and followers he warned them of the East .
Be sure that by me you will find a fruit ready .
In a few days my body will become out of touch with you through God ' s grace .
He gave a statement to the Society in English ratified by Sri G. जी मद्रास Judge of the Madras Bar and Vice - President of the Madras Theosophical Society .
The statement was published in the book जुलाई on जुलाई 1882 and The हुआ Patrika appeared in The 1969 of July 1882 and was published in 1969 of this magazine in September 1969 .
I am sure they have to overcome all such doubts in order to prevent सोसाइटी openly from setting up सोसाइटी or the society on an insecure basis .
Then giving a brief account of the life personality and teachings of Ramalinga Velayuda Mudaliar points out :
In 1867 he founded a Samaj which was called वेद Veda . . meaning a society based on the principles of universal brotherhood .
It is needless to say that these principles are similar to the Theosophical Society.
Our society was able to last for five or six years but during this period many of its poor people were forced to pay for food .
But during the last four months of the year he gave up lecturing entirely and maintained an almost unbroken silence .
And when he recovered it he felt as if I was not the same man .
It is a very important document that Evelyn आत्मा has described as one of the few authentic memories of the soul which are very small in number . "
On his return home he gave away many of his personal possessions to friends and people .
But even beyond the perception of the material products he had neither the pleasures nor the acquisition of knowledge .
My life was dreary the world was like a graveyard .
In such a state of mind ' suddenly one day I saw a page of some Sanskrit book before me .
While Debendranath God - intoxicated was laying the foundation of a new religious institution his father was dazzled by his own देशवासियों .
He hoped to divide his son into the riches of his family and continue to acquire and spend wealth by the family tradition but the son was lost in another mission .
The father was naturally disappointed and angry .
He had once remarked " Where is the mind to concentrate on business " and now he has closed his eyes " and only Brahma and Brahma all day .
A shrewd care was already taken by the father .
इस unaware that after his death his long - detailed and full business which passed through the crises made the son into the clutches of debt - he always made a trust in some of his real estate to take him .
A superb gambler he knew that fortune was an uncertain friend .
Soon after Dwarkanath ' s death in London it was discovered that the firm ' s liabilities far exceeded its property .
There was a huge pressure on the bank and the famous business house of Carr Tagore & Co. had to close its doors .
They generally travelled every year to the western regions of the Himalayas far from their homes .
He was a keen observer of nature and his Autobiography is full of vivid descriptions of nature and shrewd observations on men and events .
Before one such trip in 1856 Tagore had for some time been overcome by a steady stream of life and world mortality and by his ill - health and wanted to spend his rest on the Himalayas his beloved .
One day in September 1858 he was walking over the mountains as was his wont and stopped to enjoy the sight of a spring .
Mala clear , clean , and handsome ; but as soon as he got down from the valley he went towards the flat he would become muddy दूषित and contaminated .
Yet लथपथ and लथपथ with mud and bereft of their pride they will उपजाऊ the land and help humanity .
It was a good fortune that the Maharshi had come down from a high Himalayan platform to earth where he was sometimes seeking to spend the last years of his life in divine sadhana for Tagore was born in May 7 years .
The Maharshi gave many संतान to the people but this most valuable gift was his fourteenth child .
The incident of the child however can be said to be a little different .
In such a family perhaps the fourteenth child would have been particularly welcome in a family where all the elder brothers and sisters and their families lived together in the same joint family .
The large and rambling mansion at हलचलों with grandchildren and grandchildren and grandchildren and the visit of an additional member had little importance .
The child was named Rabindranath or Rabi for short.
She was a healthy and Gora and although she was not as many as his brothers and sisters her elder sister देवी Devi would probably be strong enough to laugh at her younger brother - in - law ' s how could she be Gora ?
When the little boy grew up he was relegated to the house by nephews and नौकरों of more or less the same age to the care of the servants.
The mother whose health had broken down after the birth of the fifteenth child had to face all kinds of things in his family बेटियां sons and daughters बेटियां sons and sons .
With the normal complications of a joint Hindu family the Tagores had added some new ones by the practice of मुसीबतों the sons of the household.
Sarada Devi was truly a woman of uncommon character who had maintained such a harmonious relationship with great skill and patience .
It is indeed a pity that we do not know much of the remarkable woman which took away from her in the darkness and paved the way for the greatness of others .
But the husband who was devoted to religious reforms had little time to give his wife more time .
His eldest son द्विजेन्द्रनाथ a man of gigantic intellect - a poet कवि musician philosopher and mathematician .
Whatever he did shows his great originality .
His experiments in poetic composition ingenious and daring left a deep impress on the genius of his youngest brother .
As an outstanding thinker and a philosopher he was not सानी .
He invented the shorthand in Bengali and wrote a manual on it in verse which has been described by a discerning critic as a बंग्ला critic as a monument of बंग्ला and not merely a memorial of बंग्ला .
Her son Satyendranath was the first Indian to break into the stronghold of the Indian Civil Service .
But at the same time they were more outstanding .
He was a great Sanskrit scholar and had an extraordinary control over Bengali and English writings .
He was the first writer to introduce Marathi religious poetry to Bengali readers .
He translated the Maharshi ' s लंदन into English and was later published by मैकमिलन देवेन्द्रनाथ London .
His young wife was extraordinarily beautiful and handsome in character but like most women of that age mostly illiterate and पर्दे
He succeeded in educating her not only in Bengali and English but in all the accomplishments of the age .
His son Surendranath and daughter Indira were excellent and gifted with इंग्लैंड Tagore for the first time ever since he went to England for studies as a व्यक्तित्व woman of बंग्ला and a व्यक्तित्व of his uncle ' s music .
Sarada Devi ' s third son was शारदा मृत्यु who died comparatively very early in age and died mainly in the memory of his youngest brother Tagore who wrote for his early education .
- LRB - बालक - RRB - बालक - LRB - बालक - RRB - with young Rabi and his साथियों - were insistent that children should be taught not in English but in their mother tongue .
Years later . The poet wrote of this mini - कवि The study process should be more or less like the process of eating .
The stomach is awakened to its function when it is fed to its full digestion of food .
My obeisance to the memory of the dead soul . "
They tried their best to break the British monopoly in shipping and industry and nearly ruined themselves in the process.
His impact on the intellectual and poetic development of his younger and more famous brother was considerable.
Sarada Devi ' s second child was eldest among his two daughters संतानों संतानों who looked after the poet and who later became an ardent devotee of the Sage and महिला the first lady musician of बंगाल daughter of gold .
She had to pay the utmost for her motherhood and she had little surplus .
The hunger for mother ' s affection never appeased in childhood was to survive in the son as a recurring longing for feminine affection and affection .
And years later when poets recall their childhood there is no sign of self - pity .
Rather he seems to be thankful for this kind of gift because in the absence of a अभिभावकीय mood he could keep away from the विलासिता luxury and the indulgence of the dominant type .
Though no child was very fond of any of the children the aristocratic ways in which the family was formed the children of the household grew more or less simply .
For love enlarges understanding.
The difference between friendship and love lies in the fact that in the former two persons and the world the latter means the understanding of the world of two persons .
In friendship one plus one are three while in love one plus one is मित्रता . "
" Suffering is another word for obsession .
That is why the सौंदर्यपूर्ण scenes make delight out of itself . "
Some people say that a woman is like a zero ; so when she is held to violence - LRB - a - RRB - she puts her in the right direction of 10 शि and instead of a poor man .
Needless to say I do not agree with those who स्त्रियों women . "
" Our old बुजुर्गों said that modesty is woman ' s best jewellery .
But women put on so many ornaments that there is little room left for them . "
He stayed in Ahmedabad for just four months but this was a notable moment in his mental development .
They do it for the pleasure of विनोदपूर्ण .
I remember also that I first heard the appreciation of the complexion of my personality and this was often very delicately given.
For instance दाढी she had forced me to do one thing especially though it was " that you should never keep a beard .
But she herself did not live to see my disobedience proclaimed upon my face . "
Tagore gave her the name Nalini the name of the imaginary sweetheart in his long narrative poem कविता - LRB - The poet रवीन्द्र - RRB - published long ago .
He read this poem to her and translated it into English for her .
He inspired not only his poetry but also his poems for a long time in which this beloved name was repeated again and again .
But Rabindranath could never forget his memory and during his later life - time whenever he was in conversation or writing he had a very lucid and lively way .
In September 1878 Rabindra sailed for England with his elder brother Satyendranath .
Dr . K . चिडिया of the recent past has given me some deep insight into the name of the bird in which the camera is and Ms. सुश्री at a पार्टी party asked me to see चिडिया earlier .
The houses here are well - decorated and clean ; the floor is well - polished and clean ; there is something else that can be said of cleanliness .
While we do not mind having any खांसी or खांसी in our room the people who suffer much from cold and cough are much better off in their जेबों and put back in their pockets .
Women may be very particular about their appearance but they wash their face hands and arms regularly.
In many homes there are no bathrooms at all . "
And yet there is a great deal of difference between our own countrymen and our women .
His elder brother realised that if Rabindra was to derive any benefit from his education abroad he must remain alone .
He poured himself out in a cascade of songs and wrote his first musical play .
The author has already cautioned us that the play was not meant to be read but to be seen and heard on the stage .
In Rabindranath ' s composition the robber - chief does not change the डाकुओं but the अपहृत cry of a young girl कातर to melt away from her desire to sacrifice her .
Moved to pity Valmiki तितर्रबितर the girl तितर्रबितर the gang and wanders in search of his true vocation.
goddess Saraswati reveals herself to her and tells her that she had come as a girl to inspire human compassion .
She gives him the gift of song and says: " The pity which melted your stony heart shall become in your voice a music of humanity softening and मानवता a million hearts .
Your voice will से from one place to another and many poets will echo your song . "
With this play Rabindra led his revolt against the prevailing orthodox tradition in Indian music .
While caring for both classical and folk traditions he respected the inviolable sanctity of neither and freely took from each other in his objective which was essential .
Even though he was not averse to borrowing from western melodies he did little of it but he prepared it mixed up with it and produced it .
Whatever be the case he showed no enthusiasm in the matter of the new forms of abstract music .
His own music is so inextricably blended with the poetry or words that it is almost impossible to separate the musical mode from the poetic point of view .
But it is also true that some people cannot correctly catch the elusive music of the words in their songs .
He had heard serious western music during his stay in England and had gradually learnt to appreciate its beauties .
What he admired about European music was its romantic nature and its aspect of variety of abundance of the waves on the waves of life the ever - changing shade and light .
He read in Herbert Spencer ' s The Origin and Function of Music that it is emotion that gives है to speech .
Article 1 ( 3 ) of the Constitution made it clear that the Union of India could acquire foreign territories .
( भारत ) Union of India ( 1970 ) 3 SCC 100 ) .
Under Articles 2 . 3 and 4 the Parliament of the Union may by ordinary legislation admit or establish new States in the Union alter the names and boundaries of the existing states .
Under the citizenship provisions a single citizenship has been given to all the people of India and no double citizenship of the Union and of the States as in the United States .
Thus संघवाद the Preamble provisions of our Constitution put an end to concepts of traditional संघवाद divided sovereignty autonomy of States etc .
Moreover the founding fathers of the Constitution for all time sought to clarify that Sovereignty in our scheme of things vests in the people themselves and that all the organs and functionaries of the Union and the States drew their powers from the people of India .
Socialism was not the founding of the Constitution for a particular purpose or a suit or limited by any economic theory .
They therefore did not agree to include any reference to inter - dining with other matters .
But the Preamble did mention the resolve to secure to all citizens economic justice and equality of status and opportunity .
The Constitution Forty - second Amendment Act 1976 introduced the term Socialist to highlight our Republic .
The most powerful poem in this book is कविता : ओजस्वी and भावपूर्ण .
Rahu the demon who is in love with the moon and eternally chases her is in Rabindranath ' s poem a sensual greedy and devouring aspect of love which is ever present .
The young poet has seen or has not seen the aspect of life which he has already seen ; his love is necessary .
This love should be innocent and noble - she has not been able to escape from her agony and bites .
They were with him , who loved him most by feeling that his power was increasing day and day even though he seemed rather साथ .
The earlier हृदय and an nameless hunger - LRB - क्षुधा - RRB - which had crept into his heart ; now turned from his path of पुरुषोचित and indifferent insight which he had now begun to enjoy the pleasures of the world and life .
The text of the Preamble as amended gives almost the highest place of honour to the objective of socialism .
It is mentioned just after full authority .
But the word socialism was not defined in the Constitution .
Different people make this different meaning and there is no specific definition .
Dictionary meaning of the word is that in socialism the means of production and distribution . should be solely or hi - tech public hands i. e. under ownership or control of the state .
Socialism meant elimination of inequality in income and status and standards of living .
Even a woman is not defeated in her torture .
Soon afterwards the confrontation between a king and a queen is viewed in a very different perspective .
The Queen is aligned with forces of reaction against her husband .
The conflict in its द्वंद्व is more dramatic and varied in intensity between husband and wife ; between the mundane power and priestly authority between love and duty between the dictate of humanity and the prescribed laws of humanity .
The play concludes also in tragedy and the dramatic end of an innocent life but in the process the voice of love triumphs and the Deity dethroned in the temple finds its true place in the hearts of man .
In the later years of his life he retired from his home and was on his way back .
If he could not go far he would have changed his residence .
This time the poet did not send a letter to Bharati ' s घर home but he kept a diary which was published later after his return from the weekly यूरोप - LRB - a - RRB - under the title of ' यूरोप ' .
Like most of his prose writings his diary is full of व्यंग्य and delightful observations of all kinds .
The first entry is dated 22 August 1880 - the day I left Bombay on the steamer .
In the days of Kalidasa a lover separated from his mistress by a few hundred miles had to implore a cloud - messenger to carry his tidings to her and needed several cantos of verse .
In the age of this poem a गीत or a lyric would be enough : in the nuclear age of a गीत or even a के of two के .
But this kind of ship would come to a standstill when ships जहाज and a fast monsoon rain - fed दोलायमान into the sea - water .
As during his first voyage Rabindranath had locked himself in his cabin and had never gone out for four consecutive days .
During the years that he learnt to become a good sailor and he crossed the sea many a time but never grew to love the sea as he loved the rivers of his land .
They were looked upon by the sea as ' inanimate castle ' where the passengers did not know how to cut times ?
- LRB - iii - RRB - The Bombay State ( AIR 1960 SC 1960 - RRB - has made it clear that under articles 2 and 3 new States may be established or modified under any other laws ( in law and provisions of the existing states .
Therefore the Constitution ( Ninth Amendment ) Act was passed to give effect to the transfer of part of the पाकिस्तान territory to Pakistan .
The भारत map of India with which has been भारत over the last four decades has been demonstrated that there is a peculiar संविधान and flexibility in the Constitution and this Article 2 and 4 justified them .
PART II नागरिकता 5 - 11 Citizenship constitutes the indispensable foundational principle of democratic polity .
Broadly the amended section 3 of the नागरिकता fundamental Act provided that citizenship by birth could be acquired by the same person only when either of his parents was a citizen of India at birth .
Besides जन्म this Act contains provisions for acquisition of Indian citizenship by birth , appearance राज्य registration नागरिकता or through incorporation of territory.
Likewise it provided for termination of citizenship by way of renunciation voluntary acquisition of citizenship of another country or through compulsory deprivation by the Government of India on certain grounds .
The Act also made specific provisions regarding Commonwealth citizenship .
26 January 1950 : Any person born outside India will be a citizen of India subject to certain requirements : if his father was a citizen of India at the time of his birth .
It is important to remember in regard to the citizenship provisions in the Constitution and this law that the framers of the Constitution decided to provide for a single Indian citizenship with the objective of building an integrated Indian nation and a united fraternity .
All citizens irrespective of their birth in any state have the same rights and duties all over the country without distinction .
PART III - III हाथों 12 - 35 When the Constituent Assembly took over the task of framing the Constitution it was for the first time to think of making a claim .
Soon after passing through various stages in the Assembly and its Committees a comprehensive letter of Rights was ready .
Dr .
Coming soon after the Universal Declaration of Human Rights the Constitution of India consisted in keeping with the contemporary democratic and humanitarian temper and constitutional practice of other countries in the world .
It was a testimony to how eager the founding fathers were to incorporate and implement the basic principles enunciated in the Universal Declaration .
Also incorporation of our Constitution became essential in view of the special problems of minorities and the urgent need to assure them of their full protection .
The Preamble declares the values of liberty and equality as well as of human dignity .
These fundamental rights substantially cover all the traditional civil and political rights enumerated in articles 2 to 21 of the Universal Declaration .
Equality before law and equal protection of all laws ( article 14 ) protection of conviction in respect of offences ( articles 20 ) व्यक्तिगत of life and personal liberty ( article 21 ) protection of fundamental freedom ( article 22 निरोध ) .
But there are some rights which can be claimed only by citizens : e. g. religion nationality living or birth based on the basis of religion nationality living sex or birth ( article 15 ) equality of opportunity in public employment ( article 16 ) .
Originally article 19 ( l ) and article 31 contained the right to acquire and sell property i . e .
But when the Constitution ( 44th Amendment ) Act 1978 1978 omitted sub - clause ( f ) of article 19 ( f ) and all - Article 31 (
Articles द्वारा and पच्चीसवें inserted by the First Constitutional Amendment and article की inserted by the Twenty - fifth Amendment sought to provide for the acquisition of estates Acts and regulations specified in the Ninth Schedule .
Article 33 - 35 empower the Parliament to appeal to the armed forces by Part III of the Constitution in respect of the safeguards .
It is true that the fundamental human rights enshrined in the Constitution of India are hedged in by many limitations and restrictions .
The fundamental rights conferred to the individual are in the form of restrictions on the actions of the state .
( Subodh Gopal Bose AIR 1954 SC 92 ) .
Though it does not specifically refer to the freedom of the press it is held to be included in the right to freedom of speech and expression .
In other words the general rebellion the युद्ध the waging war against the state the बगावत mutiny and the like to threatened the security of the state .
Therefore the expression of ideas or the discourse of people indulging in abetment like murder ( article 19 ( 2 ) would be a reasonable ground for imposing restrictions under the Union of Bihar v. देवी Devi (
Every speech which tends to overthrow the State may be made punishable ( Santosh Singh v. Delhi Administration AIR 1973 SC नष्ट ) .
However happily in recent years the Court has taken a liberal view of the law of contempt ( see AIR 1978 SC 1978 ) .
भाषण The right to free speech and expression does not entitle a citizen to defame a person .
According to this definition it is a libel to produce a person for contempt .
It was also linked in 1951 with a view to स्वतंत्रता the independence of speech and expression .
The Supreme Court is of the view that incitement to murder or other violent crimes would generally endanger the security of the state .
( State of Bihar v. बिहार Devi AIR 1952 SC 329 ) .
The right to ban the right of independence of speech and expression was brought into place by a constitutional amendment in 1963 so that no person could challenge the integrity or sovereignty of India or any part of the territory of India .
Meetings processions and demonstrations are inevitable consequences of a democratic set - up .
Generally the protection afforded by these rights is utilised to challenge the validity of स्वतंत्रताओं or स्वतंत्रताओं commands which decline in the two freedoms .
In the case of B . Khare v. Delhi ( AIR 1950 SC दिया ) the Supreme Court held that it was not illegal to make the order of the कार्यपालिका governed by the subjective resolution of the Executive .
In another case the court held that the law which held to a citizen was in fact not subject to a breach of the provisions ( पाकिस्तान ) under the Act ) would not make him in doubt of the legitimate citizenship or the extent of such violation .
Restrictions to protect the interests of the Scheduled Tribes have been provided keeping in view mostly the aboriginal tribes which have their own distinct culture linguistic and customs .
Cultural and Education Protection of the interests of minorities Article 29 guarantees the right to maintain every class of citizens residing anywhere in India irrespective of their own language caste language script or culture .
- LRB - पंजाब College . Bhatinda v. State of Punjab AIR 1971 SC 1971 ) ; in respect of Kerala Education Bill 1958 SC शिक्षा ) .
- LRB - पंजाब College . Bhatinda v. State of Punjab AIR 1971 SC 1971 ) ; in respect of Kerala Education Bill 1958 SC शिक्षा ) .
By attempts to avoid possible conflict between the rights of the individual and the needs of the community where on the one hand the necessary restrictions on fundamental rights are imposed on the other the more positive Directive Principles of State Policy .
It is therefore clear that these constitutional directives are not intended to be merely moral precepts but were to be treated as positive mandates and part and parcel of the human rights provisions of the Constitution .
But उपजते does not give any legal rights out of the Directive Principles a violation of which no individual can seek a remedy nor can provide any power to the legislature .
Speaking in the Constituent Assembly Dr .
Ambedkar had categorically stated that the Directive Principles were not intended to be mere pious declarations .
The Directive Principles are an effective part of the Constitution and from this point of view the Constitution seeks to achieve the ideal of a democratic welfare State in the Preamble and to the realization of the social and economic revolution that our Founding Fathers .
The Preamble the Fundamental Rights and the Directive Principles together .
Both the Fundamental Rights and the Directive Principles are the soul of the Constitution .
It is now clear that there is no essential dichotomy between Rights and Duties or between the Fundamental Rights and the Directive Principles .
They are supplementary and supplementary to each other .
The Constitutional ( First Amendment ) Bill . 1951 when moved to a select committee का Jawaharlal Nehru refers to the possibility of a struggle between fundamental rights and Directive Principles and the brief बीच of this difficulty that led to us .
But where one party on its own is not in a position to form a government ; there are many समूहों possible and many groups changes also .
In the matter of power of Parliament the Supreme Court has also made various views ( vide A . N . N . N . भारत v. State of Madras AIR 1950 SC आर ; ) of Delhi laws ( भारत v.
It has however been held in the Gopalan case that within the specified limits of its powers the Parliament is supreme .
The functions of Parliament are by law and convention to make laws .
Under article 245 - 246 Parliament can make laws for the whole or any part of India within its area of competence as defined and delimited under the distribution of legislative powers between the Union and the States vide the Seventh Schedule .
Only the Parliament can make laws on the Union List .
Both the Union and the States have concurrent power to legislate in respect of entries in the concurrent sphere .
If there is a conflict between the Union and the State laws the former prevails ( article 254 ) .
Also residuary powers vest in the Parliament ( article शक्तियां ) and entry of the Union List ( 97 ) .
A number of articles empower the Parliament to make laws in various matters by following such powers as may be provided by Parliament by law ( Parliament ) otherwise ) by Parliament by law ( Parliament ) by law ) and so on .
There is then no necessity for grounds no evidence or propriety .
Parliamentary control over public finance : the power to levy or modify taxes and the voting of supplies and grants is the most important checks against the Executive assuming arbitrary powers .
By law no taxes can be legally levied and no expenditure can be incurred from the public exchequer ( articles 114 - 116 and 265 ) .
Administrative accountability is ensured through parliamentary devices like प्रशासनिक and parliamentary devices like प्रशासनिक questions discussions on various motions संसद scrutiny by संसद Committee and ministers who in fact represent Parliament and control their department on behalf of Parliament .
For further studies see Subhash C. Kashyap Our Parliament . National Book Trust New Delhi .
Judges of the Supreme Court are to be paid such salaries as may be determined by Parliament by law and until so determined salaries as laid down in the Second Schedule ( article 125 ) .
When the post of the Chief Justice of India is vacant or when the Chief Justice is unable to perform the duties of his office the President shall appoint one of the other judges of the court and he shall perform the duties of the Chief Justice ( 1987 ) .
If at any time the quorum of judges of the Supreme Court are not available the quorum of such judges to hold the session of the Supreme Court they are empowered to be appointed as judges of a High Court as they may be considered .
He can do so only with the prior consent of the President and after consultation with the Chief Justice of the High Court concerned .
The judge so appointed has a duty to give priority to the duties of the Supreme Court .
The Chief Justice of India appointed a retired judge of the Supreme Court or a retired judge of the Supreme Court or a retired Judge of a High Court preferably by accepting a retired judge as a judge of the Supreme Court .
It can also be made with the consent of the President and such persons ( articles 127 and 128 ) .
Power and Jurisdiction of the Supreme Court :
The President may seek the opinion of the Supreme Court on any question of law or fact of public importance on which he thinks it expedient to obtain such an opinion .
After such reference from the President the Supreme Court will report on it to the President after such hearing as it deems fit .
The President is free to recognise it or not .
The President may by such reference seek the Supreme Court ' s opinion in regard to any treaty agreement प्रसंविदा covenant engagement . . or other similar instrument which had been entered into or executed before the commencement of this Constitution and may be followed by the Supreme Court .
Under article 138 the Supreme Court shall have such further jurisdiction and powers with respect to any of the matters in the Union List as Parliament may by law .
This enlarges the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court and provides it with very special jurisdiction to hear cases of most immediate nature directly and in its original jurisdiction for speedy disposal .
The due process gives great scope to the Supreme Court to protecting the rights of its citizens .
It can declare laws violative of these rights void not only on substantive grounds of being unreasonable.
It is not expected to go into the question of its reasonableness suitability or policy implications.
The Supreme Court pronounces its judgement on a specific case through a specific petition .
He gives no opinion or advice on general advice .
There should be an aggrieved person who petitions the Court to challenge the constitutionality of the statute which has adversely affected his rights .
He has to show that he has sustained or is in immediate danger of sustaining some direct injury as a result of the enforcement of the statute and that the injury complained of is worth the suit .
This decision has left free individual or citizen - centric organisations to seek judicial relief in the interest of the common people .
The effect of law declared against the Constitution would be binding on all courts within the territory of India as declared by article 141 .
Therefore if the Supreme Court declares a law as opposed to the Constitution it has a legislative competence or a violation of fundamental rights it will be binding on all courts in the territory of India .
Independence : In representative democracy administration of justice assumes special significance in view of the rights of individuals which need protection against executive or legislative interference .
An independent and supreme judiciary is an essential requisite of a federal polity wherein there is a constitutional division of powers between the federal government and governments of the constituent units and a functional division of powers between the executive the legislature and the judiciary .
Also an independent and impartial judiciary is an essential requisite for ensuring human rights and protecting democracy .
Only an independent judiciary can act effectively as the guardian of the rights of the individual and the Constitution .
The Constitution provides for a High Court for each state .
Parliament may however establish by law a common High Court for two or more States or for two or more States and for a Union Territory ( articles न्यायालय and न्यायालय ) .
A higher court issues a lower court or tribunal and is intended to prohibit him from exceeding his jurisdiction .
Besides writs the High Courts under Article 226 may also issue other directions and orders in the interests of justice to the people ( T. C. 440 v. 440 AIR 1954 SC 440 ) .
( See also under High Court ) for public interest litigation : i . e . subordinate courts Madhya Pradesh iii ii .
A person who is not already in government service must have at least seven years of experience ( article 233 ) to become eligible for the post of a District Judge ) .
Article 20वें inserted by the twentieth Amendment Act validated the appointments and judgements delivered by them ( articles 233 ) .
Appointment of persons other than district judges to the judicial service of a state shall be made by the Governor in accordance with rules made thereunder.
In the matter of such appointments the High Court will have to be consulted other than the State Public Service Commission ( article के ) .
It may therefore be said that there are several States within the Constitution of India .
Generally speaking provisions for the States follow the Union - style .
At the same time the parliamentary system of government with a constitutional head and the ministers are responsible to the people of the Legislature .
The real executive power is exercised by the minister .
The President may at any time withdraw from the post ( भारत v. Union of India AIR 1982 SC 1982 ) .
Some of the Governors may have to discharge certain special responsibilities also under articles करना to 371 .
executive powers are vested in the Governor of the State and exercised by him either under the Constitution or through his subordinate officers ( article की ) .
The co - ordination of the executive power of the state is according to his legislative power .
The Advocate General for the state : The Chairman and members of the State Public Service Commission and the judges of subordinate courts constitute the Governor ( article 165 316 283 ) and 165 ) .
The Governor appoints the Chief Minister and other ministers on the advice of the Chief Minister .
In practice मंत्रिपरिषद means that only a person supported by a majority in the Legislative Assembly is to be appointed the Chief Minister and the Council holds office until he has the confidence of the Assembly ( article का ) .
He may also nominate to the Legislative Assembly a person of the Anglo - Indian community ( article सभा ) if he feels the community needs representation and is not sufficiently represented in the Assembly ( article सभा ) .
The Government of India Act of 1935 proposed that in India there should be a federal polity ; the Provinces should be a central government and the Provinces deriving their jurisdiction and powers by direct devolution from the crown .
Since a limited responsible government was established only at the provincial level the nationalists naturally asked for more powers for provincial legislatures .
When the Constituent Assembly met in 1946 and early 1947 the idea was to have a federation with a Centre having limited powers .
Before the Union Constitution Committee could transact any worthwhile business the Mountbatten Plan of 3 June 1947 was declared .
All hopes of preserving the unity of the nation vanished and the partition of the country on communal basis became a firm decision .
The Union Constitution Committee and the Provincial Constitution Committee decided at a joint meeting on 5 June that in view of the 3 June announcement the limitations imposed by the Cabinet Mission ' s plan on the nature of the Constitution were lost .
When Partition became a reality there was no need to appease the Muslim League and restrict the powers of the Union Government .
If there is an के between the laws made by Parliament under article 249 and the laws made by the State Legislatures and the laws made by the State Legislatures the laws made by Parliament will be अभिभावी and 251 Law of the State shall prevail .
According to article 252 two or more State Legislatures by passing a resolution may ask Parliament to make laws on any matter in the State List .
Such laws can be extended to other States provided the concerned State Legislatures pass resolutions to that effect .
Articles 256 to 265 seek to regulate administrative relations between the Union and the States .
It is common in federal systems that the administrative relations between the Union and the States are fraught with difficulties.
The Constitution of India seeks to achieve a smooth working relationship between the two levels .
It provides that the executive powers of the State Government are utilised in such a way as to ensure compliance with the laws made by Parliament .
The Union Executive is also empowered to give such directions to the States which appear to the Government of India to be necessary for this purpose .
Under article 258 the President may with the consent of a State Government entrust to that Government or its officers functions in relation to any matter to which the executive power of the Union extends .
Similarly under article 258 a Governor of a State may with the consent of the Government of India entrust to that Government or its officers functions in relation to any subject to which the executive power of the State is enlarged .
PART V व्यापार XII ; Financial provisions and business ; Part 5 Chapter V and Part XII व्यापार Articles 12 and 13 and 13 respectively ; regulatory powers of India are a statutory control of parliamentary democracy .
से The independence of this office can be ensured from executive rule : it is provided for that the Comptroller and Auditor - General shall be removed from his office by the Supreme Court only after a majority of Parliament has been brought into force by him .
Also the Comptroller and Auditor - General shall not be eligible to have any other office under the Government of India or any State Government .
His salary etc will be decided by Parliament by law .
The salaries of the Comptroller and Auditor General have been equated with the salary of the judges of the Supreme Court .
The administrative powers of the persons serving in the Audit and Accounts Department shall be such as may be determined by the President after consultation with the Comptroller and Auditor General of India .
The Constitution left it to Parliament to lay down the duties and powers of the Comptroller and Auditor - General in regard to the accounts of the Union and the States ( articles 149 and 150 ) .
Article 151 however specifically lays down that the Comptroller and Auditor - General shall submit the reports relating to the accounts of the Union to the President and the President shall cause them to be laid before both Houses of Parliament .
Article 265 i . e . g . reproduce the healthy democratic principle of 'No taxation without taxation and categorically declares that taxes can be levied only from the authority of law .
Similarly all other moneys for each State shall be paid into the public accounts of the Union or of the concerned state .
This restriction does not apply to public accounts ( article होता ) .
Section 267 empowers the legislatures of Parliament and of States to meet unforeseen circumstances under which sudden expenditure may be required to be made निधियां article 267 संसद Parliament and State Legislatures to establish their " contingent funds " .
The Contingency Fund is placed at the disposal of Union or State Government ( President or Governor ) to enable them to make advances for meeting unforeseen expenses pending authorization by the Legislature .
( A ) A scheme for the distribution of revenues between the Union and the States has been included in Article 273 .
Accordingly the proceeds of all the taxes levied by the State are fully retained by the respective States themselves while taxes in the Union List may be made available to the States .
Tax which is exclusive right of the Union includes limits on capital value of NRE / करों etc .
These items are included in the state ' s tax - free trade and customs duties ; Rs 2500 per quintal in the state list and Rs यात्रियों for local transport passengers and goods covered by the local government .
Article 290 A provides for certain sums to be paid annually to निधियों Funds of Travancore and Tamil Nadu from the Consolidated Funds of these States .
Borrowing Union executive power is that Parliament can borrow from the Consolidated Fund of India within limits set by law ( article 292 ) .
A State may also similarly borrow subject to limits set by the State Legislature .
The Government of India may within its borrow powers lend to any State or give guarantees in respect of loans raised by the state .
So long as any of such loans remain outstanding the State Government may not raise any loans without the consent of the Government of India ( article उधार ) .
Things of value within territorial waters or continental shelf and resources of the exclusive economic zone shall vest in the Union ( article सागर ) .
The Union and executive power of each State shall extend to trade or business and to acquire hold and dispose of property but subject to a law made by the concerned State Legislature ( article विधानमंडल ) .
It is obviously an independent or additional source of executive power apart from Article 245 .
The Supreme Court in व्यापार ( State of Uttar Pradesh ) ( AIR 1974 SC व्यापार ) declared that power of the state under Article व्यापार means that in other states also could be traded ( राज्य ) महाराष्ट्र (
vs. Union of India ( AIR 1967 SC 1967 ) upheld the decision in the case of the Supreme Court and stated that the principle of natural justice should be applied to the decision to review the order of detention .
During the proclamation of internal emergency ( 1975 - 77 there is a considerable shift in the approach of the Supreme Court to cases of violation of fundamental rights arising in the context of emergency provisions .
In the बंदी Corpus case the बंदी Court refused to interfere in matters of detention of persons as it believed that the intention clearly was to keep preventive detention controlled exclusively by the Executive .
In the Union of India ( AIR 1977 SC 359 ) the Court once again held that all rights of individual liberty could be suspended during the national emergency due to the Presidential orders under articles 19 359 21 and 22 .
Most of these Court pronouncements ended validity after the 44th amendment inter alia amended articles 352 358 and 359 .
The entire expenses of the Union and State Service Commissions are charged on the Consolidated Fund of the Union or the Consolidated Fund of the State concerned ( articles 322 ) .
The Chairman and members of Public Service Commissions are appointed by the President or the Governor as the case may be.
No government department or officer can therefore refuse to entertain a representation on the ground that he is not in the official language .
से reading in the language provisions particularly in Article 343 344 and 351 will show that the ultimate objective is to propagate and develop Hindi and gradually be used for official purposes and as a link language .
In article 351 there would be no breach of Article 225 ; even after a period of fifteen years ; but under article 343 Parliament has been empowered to exercise Hindi as the Official Language for particular purposes in 1977 .
In राज्य v. State of Tamil Nadu ( AIR 1976 SC पेंशन ) the Supreme Court annulled the order of the state government by which the anti - Hindi पेंशन was given a pension .
The Court held that the order violated article 351 in as much as it excited the feeling of opposition to Hindi instead of promoting Hindi .
The authoritative Hindi text of the Constitution has been published .
The Eighth Schedule Besides Hindi our Constitution also recognizes other languages and the need for their development .
India has 18 languages included in the Eighth Schedule : Assamese Bengali , Gujarati बांग्ला Hindi बांग्ला Kannada मलयालम Kashmiri मलयालम Malayalam , Manipuri , Marathi मराठी Oriya पंजाबी Kannada , Oriya , Tamil सिंधी Tamil और Tamil Telugu and Urdu .
Reforms imposed by the Act could not and did not fulfil the demand of responsible government which was otherwise lacking in the Councils which constituted under it were characterised by the people .
For the first time in India ' s chequered history during the British rule the statement promised the establishment of a " responsible government in India .
The भारतीय Report . 1918 : The report on constitutional reforms is known as the भारतीय - भारतीय or भारतीय report .
He was prepared by लार्ड of State for India . - LRB - स्टेट - RRB - and by Lord Macaulay the Viceroy of India in 1918 - 22 .
The demand for Dominion Status was ignored in this report .
At each stage of constitutional progress each stage will be determined by the British Parliament and will not be based on any self - determination of the people of India .
By the 1919 Act and the rules made thereunder many important changes were made in the contemporary Indian constitutional system .
The seat of the Central Legislative Council is replaced by a bicameral legislature consisting of state council ( Upper House ) and the Legislative Assembly ( Lower House ) .
There is no term on the power to amend ; there is no provision in the Constitution which cannot be amended .
The fundamental rights guaranteed under the Constitution ( Part III ) are subject to the Parliamentary power of the Constitution - making .
In the गोलकनाथ case the Supreme Court has reversed its earlier decisions by a majority of six and held that the fundamental powers established in the Constitution are छीन article 368 without any amendments to the Constitution ( article 13 ) .
In 1973 in the न्यायालय Bharti v. state of Kerala ( AIR 1973 SC 1973 ) the Supreme Court reviewed the decision of the गोलकनाथ case .
Ten of the 13 judges held that Art. 368 itself contained the power of the Constitutional amendment and the law of Art. 13 ( 2 ) did not absorb the constitutional amendments under Art. 368 .
Accordingly the law declared in the Golak Nath case was reversed .
Regarding the question whether the power of amendment under article 368 was arbitrary and infinite ; seven judges made a majority judgement that under the " article 368 ' had the power to amend the constitution to which it was a limitation .
But what is the basic structure ? it was not clear by the majority and remained controversial .
In the संसद case after this decision the Constitution ( Urban Amendment ) Act 1976 inserted clause 4 and 5 in Art. 368 1976 and the शक्तियों of powers to amend Parliament was reduced .
This was the first occasion when representatives of the people were heard in making laws and in influencing the problems of the government .
It also played a great role in shaping the political future of the country .
When the country was struggling to overthrow foreign domination the representatives of the people assembled in the सदन were struggling in the House .
The world saw how the foreign government bow to the people or defeat itself .
Undoubtedly the defeat did not make any difference to the government because the government consisting of nominated executive पार्षदों was not bound to give up .
However being a very critical Legislature the Executive had to take care and discretion and brought about a consciousness of his responsibility to the people .
Lokmanya Tilak termed the 1919 Reforms as " unsatisfactory and disappointing and the sun " but announced that he would accept what had been given and work for achieving it as soon as possible .
His policy of responsive cooperation included both cooperation and constitutional assertion and if necessary constitutional obstruction.
Shrimati की declared that the scheme was not है by Britain and was accepted by India . "
On 4th November 1948 the Draft constitution of the Constitution was presented in the Constituent Assembly and recommending for a parliamentary system Chairman 1948 of the Drafting Committee said that " The Draft Constitution " was more स्थिरता than स्थिरता .
Though some sounds were heard against the idea of a parliamentary system the draft committee resolution was a very large majority in the Hindu - Muslim Council Resolution and finally on 26 January 1950 with the coming into force of the constitution of the independent India .
The three राजनीतिक representative parliamentary and democracy are the basic features of our political system .
At the commencement of the first session after every general election to the Lok Sabha and at the commencement of the first session of each year the President addresses both Houses of Parliament assembled together and gives reasons for inviting the sitting of the Houses .
Further he may address either House of Parliament or both Houses assembled together and seek the attendance of members for this purpose .
He has the power to send सदन or any other message in respect of a Bill pending in Parliament to either House of which a message is sent in such a way that the House may consider the subject which it wants to consider .
Some Bills may be introduced or proceeded with only after the recommendation of the President has been revised .
According to the Constitution there are certain parliamentary functions which are expected to be performed by the President .
Whenever necessary he appoints a temporary chairman of the Lok Sabha ( Pro - लोक ) Speaker and the Executive Chairman of the Rajya Sabha .
It is for him to have a joint sitting in case of disagreement between the two Houses on a Bill .
Every year the budget of the government . referred to as the annual financial statement in the Constitution is laid down by the संसद and the Comptroller and Auditor - General of India the Union Public Service Commission the Special Committee for Scheduled Castes and the Scheduled Tribes .
If he feels that the Anglo - Indian community is not sufficiently represented in the Lok Sabha he may nominate not more than two members to the House .
Other ministers are appointed by the President on the advice of the Prime Minister .
It may be added that the President has no occasion to exercise his personal desire to appoint the Prime Minister .
If however a situation arises that no party gets a clear majority in the Lok Sabha then the President may make use of his judgement to pick up a leader who in his opinion is likely to command the support of the majority in the House .
The Prime Minister usually is a member of Lok Sabha but ministers are drawn from both Houses of Parliament .
A person who is not a member of either House of Parliament has to vacate the office after six months unless in the meanwhile he may be elected to either House .
At the same time every minister holds office during the pleasure of the President and can be dismissed by him .
But since the President does so only on the advice of the Prime Minister this power actually rests with the Prime Minister .
The relationship between the Executive and the Legislature is cordial and there is no scope for any opposition or division .
The two are not visualised as competing centres for power but as inseparable partners or या in the business of man .
The Council of Ministers may in a sense be described as the grand executive committee of the Parliament charged with the responsibility of governance on behalf of the parent body .
In other words the executive is not a separate or outside body .
There is however a clear distinction between the functions of the Executive and the functions of the Parliament .
Parliament ' s function is to make laws advise criticise and ventilate public grievances .
The Executive is to govern albeit on behalf of the Parliament .
In the words of the first Secretary of Indian Parliament :
Parliament should not take any part in Government ' s responsibilities for once the Parliament has begun to do so the responsibilities of the Parliament and the Executive become vague and inadequate .
Article 13 of the Constitution clearly prohibits the making of any law by Parliament the State Legislature or by any other authority which may be inconsistent with or in derogation of any of the fundamental rights contained in Part III of the Constitution .
226 confer power on the Supreme Court and the High Courts respectively for the enforcement of these rights .
Article : is opposed to the provisions of the Constitution or हनन हनन any of the fundamental rights .
It is sometimes assumed and often said that just as it is for the Legislature to make laws and for the Executive to execute them it is for the Courts to interpret the Constitution and the laws .
This is very misleading and false .
The Union ' s territory is divided among the states .
A law made by a state may be applicable only in the territory of that state .
The Union Parliament may make laws for the whole or any part of India .
Parliament also enjoys the power of extra - territorial legislation i . e . a legislation made by it would not only apply to the people and property of the Indian territory but also to Indian citizens living abroad .
States do not have the power to make such legislation .
The Constitution provides for three types of distribution of legislative power between the Union and the States .
List I or the Union List contains 97 subjects over which Parliament can make laws .
List II or the State List contains 66 entries over which State Legislatures can make laws .
List III or the Concurrent List contains 47 items on which both the Parliament and the State Legislatures can make laws .
While in their respective spheres as allotted by the Constitution the Central Parliament and the State Legislatures enjoy complete autonomy the scheme of distribution of powers emphasises the general predominance of the Parliament in the legislative field .
The treaty agreement or convention with a country or on any subject in an international conference association or other body may inter - alia determine if the subject is in the state list the power to make laws .
Though requested by Parliament it may legislate on any matter in the State List .
If two or more State Legislatures consider it desirable that any of the subjects under their exclusive jurisdiction should be regulated by parliamentary legislation and pass resolutions to that effect the Parliament can make necessary legislation .
However legislation so enacted is governed by those States which have moved for this purpose and others who would approach it in the States themselves by resolutions passed in that direction .
Some of the entries in the Union List also empower Parliament to make a declaration as may be required by the Union Parliament by a statute called ' law ' and take some regions and subjects from the region of the state .
Parliament has the power to create a new State by separating its territory from any State or by uniting two or more States .
( c ) can alter the boundaries of a state ; and ( d ) in the name of a state .
These changes are not in the way of constitutional amendments but can be made by Parliament by passing a Bill by an ordinary majority on the recommendation of the President .
Such a Bill is required to be referred to the legislatures of the States concerned for the purpose of eliciting ideas within the prescribed period .
However the Bill in this way does not lessen the power of change of Parliament as it thinks fit.
Another place called है :
The practical fact of self - government today is that the ruling power vests in the Prime Minister in his Cabinet and not in Parliament .
The Prime Minister is the leader of the majority in Lok Sabha and also the head of the government .
He may consult two or three colleagues and take action .
It is ultimately the prime minister who is responsible to the Parliament and the nation for the policies of the government . "
Administration is run by permanent civil services .
Parliament does not interfere with day - to - day administration nor does it control the administration .
Often the Press struggles hard to unearth the administrative lapses scandals and shortcomings gives expression to public grievances and difficulties and reports on how policies are being carried out .
Most of the information about parliamentary questions ready - made motions and debates comes from the daily Press and is an important instrument on which members rely .
Simultaneously the संसद Press keeps the people informed of what is happening in Parliament .
This आदान enables the Press to maintain an important and strong link between the public and the Parliament .
Considering the space that is devoted to these matters and the volume of information that is given the Press in our country fulfils a great need felt alike by the members of Parliament and the people .
Even though so much information from a variety of sources is available to Parliament it is not enough.
The information supplied by the official government sources is efficiently collected and processed but it may sometimes consciously or unconsciously become पक्षपातपूर्ण or biased and may always be strictly complete factual and objective .
Information from other sources like the mass media political parties interest groups or लॉबी would be even less so.
The government is sensitive to the opinion of the Parliament ; in most cases they are already familiar with ; in some cases they bow down and in others they feel that they cannot alter their commitments and functions according to political thinking .
However during discussions members have full liberty to criticise and suggest how they may work in the future or how a particular measure may be carried out .
Discussions affect the minds of the people on the administrative machinery and if it is not the administration is unaware of the sentiments of the people .
The parliamentary debates remind the administration of its duties and obligations .
Parliamentary debates effect the administrative thinking and action in a variety of ways and the subtle influence which cannot be measured in terms of any visible units .
While the administrators have full freedom to implement the policies suggested by the Parliament in the best manner possible they are nevertheless haunted and guided by the various viewpoints expressed in the House .
And this can be called the Advisory Role of Parliament .
To resolve conflicts and to ensure national unity is inevitable in individual life ; conflict of ideas and interests and struggle for strength by various contending forces .
Parliamentary democracy is considered to be a more civilized system of government inasmuch as under it debate and discussion on the legislative floor take the place of a war in the युद्ध battle areas .
This happens particularly when a charge is made against a person who does not have the opportunity to come before the House and clarify his position .
Before entering into admission to the factual basis of such questions . may be referred to the concerned Ministries / Departments .
Sometimes members are also asked to post material in support of the charges levelled in the question .
Moreover the question whether the subject of a question is pending before a court of law or before any other tribunal or body constituted under law or is under consideration of a Parliamentary Committee is not permitted to enquire .
It may be noted that the question should not be related to any matter which is essentially not the government of India .
Questions that contain arguments inferences or defamatory statements or otherwise refer to the character or conduct of a person not in his official or public capacity but in his personal capacity and questions which instead of seeking information are provided .
The questions are placed between starred and अतारांकित categories according to the conditions provided in the rules .
The Mission was in India from March 1946 to May 1946.
The Mission rejected the demand for Pakistan as a separate sovereign state and rejected it because it would consist of a large number of non - Muslims in Pakistan and the vast majority of Muslims would be left out of Pakistan .
The Cabinet Mission also rejected the Congress scheme of a असंगठित federation on the ground that it had constitutional disadvantages and discrepancies .
It recommended a three - tier structure consisting of the बारत unions at the top groups in the Provinces and the provinces and the native states at the lowest .
The Cabinet Mission recommended that the Constitution should be in such a manner : a Dominion of India consisting of the British Indian States and which would deal with the following subjects : Defence and Communication with them .
The Union Executive and Legislature constituted representatives of British India and Indian states .
If a leading communal question was to be raised in the Legislature it should be settled by a majority of all the members present and voting.
All subjects and rights other than those entrusted to the Union belong to the States .
The Federation and groups should consist of a provision whereby a province may after a initial period of 10 years from the majority of its Legislative Assembly and after an initial period of 10 years ( त्रितलीय ) to reconsider every ten years .
The Speaker / Chairman in each case decides whether the matter needs elucidation on a matter of fact and whether it is of such public importance as to be put down for discussion .
The procedure in the House on such a discussion is that after a short statement has been made by a member who has initiated the discussion more than four other members सदस्य who may ask for a specific purpose .
Thereafter at the end the minister concerned चर्चा the discussion .
The purpose of asking questions by definition is to get information though in practice most of the questions are to be made known .
On one side of parliamentary questions it is possible that government officials who provide materials to their representatives for questions control grievances and problems and opinions may be thrown on the other by the government ' s activities and programmes on the other hand .
Apart from the deterrent effect of parliamentary questions on public functionaries the सरकारी know by the Executive questions how policies are being implemented and how these affect the common people .
Now a days the administrative machinery is expanded enough to enable political leaders to understand the executive and the principal administrative authorities what is happening in their departments .
From this point of view parliamentary questions are of course helpful to the Executive for they bring out the essentials of the common people .
It can be said with certainty that members have been रुचि keen interest in using the right of asking questions .
It was therefore considered that some procedure may be devised whereby members might have an opportunity of bringing urgent matters to the attention of the Government .
In the modern parliamentary procedure the idea of introducing Calling Attention Notices in the Rules of Procedure is purely an Indian gift .
Used for this
Sometimes it gives opportunity to members to criticise the government directly or indirectly and to bring out the failure or inadequate action of the government in an important matter .
A member with the prior permission of the Speaker / Chairman may draw the attention of a minister to a matter of urgent public importance and request him to make a statement on the matter .
The minister may make a short statement or ask for time to make a statement on a later date .
The members' chief source for ध्यानाकर्षण the Calling Attention Notices is the daily newspaper .
Sometimes they may be based on the personal information of a member or on the correspondence he has with his constituents.
Notices of Calling Attention have to be given by members in writing by 10. 00 .
A member cannot give two or more notices for any meeting .
Notices on the same subject may be given by more than one member ; but names of not more than five members are shown in the agenda .
The Speaker looks into the notices and selects one of them for a statement by the concerned minister at the sitting of the House on the following day .
In some cases the Speaker may select two notices for a meeting .
However if the Speaker is of the view that the matter is urgent to be made by the minister on the same day he may in his discretion allow , to go on the same day as his notices have been made .
The idea behind admitting Calling Attention Notices a day or so in advance is that it would give sufficient time to the minister concerned to gather facts about the matter raised and prepare a statement in time .
No more than two notices can be taken up at a meeting to address the ministers .
There is no debate on such a statement but each member in whose name is listed is permitted to ask a question for its explanation .
The main purpose of the Calling Attention Notices is that the minister may make an authoritative statement on a matter of urgent nature .
This process does not involve any censure against the government as there is no regular discussion and voting.
In respect of matters to be addressed by the ministers some of the ports are as follows: To cause trouble in any part of India ; inter - State relations ; police ; and serious decisions made by the Courts which affect the air mines .
While raising the matter the member is not permitted to deviate from the approved text of his statement .
The minister concerned writes to the member directly on matters raised under Rule 377 informing him of the government ' s views and the action taken in the matter .
It may be noted that matters so raised are not included in the List of Business .
Prior to the fourth Lok Sabha use of Rule 377 for raising matters in the House was somewhat restricted but wider liberal attitude has since been adopted to enable Members to raise various matters of public importance particularly in their election areas .
It is seen that members are increasingly taking recourse to this rule and this process has become very popular .
While during the stay of the Fourth Lok Sabha only 36 matters were allowed to be raised under Rule 377 during the Fifth लोक sixth लोक and Seventh Lok Sabhas such matters numbered बढऋकर लोक लोक and लोक respectively.
Being a large member of the Lok Sabha it is difficult to know the views of the Speaker or the will of the House .
16 substitute motions
The original motion and the substitute motions are discussed together but the approval of the House is taken only on the substitute motion .
18 . If it is adopted the original motion is lost and is not put to vote ; but if amendment is made the original question is put as amended. 18
Subsidiary motion : The motions of this class depend on other motions or relate to other motions or follow up on some action in the House .
They have no importance in themselves and are not capable of stating the decision of the House without reference to the original motion or proceedings of the House .
हैं Motions are moved in the course of debate on another question and seek to substitute that question though they are independent .
A member may move a समिति motion in connection with a motion for consideration of a Bill to refer the Bill to a Committee again or to a Committee for eliciting opinion ? or re - परिचालित the Bill .
26 . Accordingly the resolution moved in the Lok Sabha may be in the form of declaration or recommendation ; or may be accepted by the government or there may be a policy for consideration of any matter or situation in any manner .
Similarly in the Rajya Sabha resolution may be in the form of declaration of opinion by the House or in any other form as the Chairman thinks fit .
The following resolutions moved in the Lok Sabha will illustrate the general forms of resolutions and the subjects they are .
Realising that in spite of the 34 years after Independence most of the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes have not improved economic and social conditions the Assembly makes recommendations to the government in five years of employment for the educated youth of these communities .
27 . It is of the opinion that the political system of our country should emerge as separate political units of different linguistic and caste groups which require a judicious restructuring of the federal structure of the Centre and the states to further amend the legislative framework .
The difference between motions and resolutions is not easy to distinguish each other because there are many elements which are alike .
In fact the difference between the two वस्तु is more of procedure than of the object .
Usually both motions and resolutions are admitted with some slight variations on the same subject .
The meeting being anxious to ensure that progress in the implementation of developmental activities in different regions is not conducive to the expectations of the nation resulting in systematic investigation of various developmental measures by the government .
Though no period has been fixed for this in actual practice the ministers concerned grant such notices several days before .
These notices are also subject to the same rules of admissibility as the private members' resolutions .
A government resolution is admitted and time is allotted for discussion on the recommendation of the Business Advisory Committee by the सरकारी House .
Resolutions moved by the ministers are generally intended to approve or approve some of the national and international principles of the House on such international treaties संधियां or agreements entered into by the government .
( c ) Statutory हैं These resolutions may be moved by a minister and even by a non - official member .
They are so called because they are always brought into pursuance of a provision in the Constitution or an Act of Parliament and certain Acts expressly require the government to move a resolution within a specified period of time .
If in that particular article of the Constitution or under the section of the statute to which a statutory resolution is introduced the period of its resolution is not prescribed the prescribed period of time limit for a statutory resolution is made .
A copy of each such resolution is forwarded to the minister concerned by the Secretary - General after the Private Resolution or by the House of Statutory Resolution .
In such a मनस्थिति if six months pass by the date of the Bill it is assumed that a deadlock has arisen .
Joint - sitting of the Houses : A Bill because of disagreement between the two Houses on a Bill creates an extraordinary situation in the case of a deadlock which is resolved by both the Houses at a sitting .
Under the Constitution the President has the power to summon the Bill if the Bill has not lapsed due to the dissolution of the Lok Sabha सदनों both the Houses for the purpose of deliberation and vote .
Such a joint - sitting is presided over by the Speaker and the Secretary - General - LRB - Lok Sabha - RRB - is assisted by the Speaker .
At the Joint meeting the Rules of Procedure of Lok Sabha are implemented .
Only amendments can be proposed at the joint sitting which have become necessary due to delay in passing the Bill .
The decisions at such sittings are taken by the majority of the total number of members of both the Houses present and voting.
So far only two bills the Dowry Prohibition Bill 1961 and the Banking Service Commission ( Repeal ) have been passed at joint - sitting by दहेज 1978 .
( 5 ) When a Bill is passed by both the Houses either singly or in a joint - sitting the Bill is presented to the President for his assent .
If the President . his assent the Bill ends .
The Rajya Sabha cannot reject a Money Bill nor can it amend it by virtue of its own power .
If any recommendation made by the Rajya Sabha accepts Lok Sabha the Money Bill shall be deemed to have been passed by both the Houses with the recommendations accepted by the Rajya Sabha and accepted by the Lok Sabha .
If no recommendation made by the Rajya Sabha accepts Lok Sabha the Bill shall be deemed to have been passed by both the Houses as passed by the Lok Sabha before the amendments recommended by the Rajya Sabha .
In addition if any passed and a Money Bill passed to him for the recommendation of the Rajya Sabha is not deemed to have been passed by both the Houses after 14 days have elapsed .
There is no question of disagreement between the two Houses on the Money Bill as in the case of a general Bill : since in the case of a simple Bill he has the same power to the Lok Sabha .
Therefore there is no provision for a joint sitting in the case of a Money Bill .
financial
Generally speaking a Financial Bill is a Bill which relates to revenue or expenditure .
However being not a Money Bill the Rajya Sabha is empowered to reject or amend it as it does in the case of a simple Bill .
Also there can be no amendment in either House without the recommendation of the President ; both the Houses except for a reduction in taxes and production of taxes and any amendment is made between the two Houses except for a simple bill and a simple one .
The provision of a joint sitting does not apply to the case of a Money Bill .
A Union Finance Bill which inter alia contains one or more proposals for expenditure from the Consolidated Fund of India and which does not contain a matter mentioned in Article 110 may be submitted to the Rajya Sabha and for this reason a simple legislation .
It does not require the recommendation of the President to move it .
However the recommendation of the President is essential for its consideration by either House .
In other words it is not a condition that the President may recommend it before he does it as in the case of a Money Bill and a Legislative Body but in this case unless a Bill is passed by the President .
In all other respects the procedure of a Bill including the provision of a joint sitting in case of disagreement between the two Houses is the same as for a simple Bill .
The procedure for amendment of the Constitution ( Amendment ) was laid down in Art. 368 .
No separate constituent body is provided in the Constitution the power to amend the constitution is vested in Parliament .
A Bill to amend the Constitution may be introduced in either House of Parliament .
Such a Bill may be introduced by the government or by a private member .
Generally Constitution ( Amendment ) Bills brought forward by ministers are introduced in Lok Sabha .
Apart from being subject to the ordinary rules applicable to Bills of a non - official member it is also necessary to examine and recommend the Committee for introduction of a Bill in the House on its own behalf .
But it is not bound to accept the ideas thus gained .
By convention a motion for leave to introduce a Bill of non - official member is not opposed .
If the motion for introduction is opposed on the ground that it is outside the legislative competence of the House the Chair may permit full discussion thereon and thereafter put the motion for the decision of the House.
Normally a member can move four bills at a session .
After a Bill is introduced in the Lok Sabha and before its commencement in the House it is categorised into two categories namely i . e . ii .
In Lok Sabha the relative precedence of Bills in a particular category is determined by लोक .
The Bills are included in the List of Business.
In a parliamentary system the Legislature has to lay down the policies of the government ; law - making function and oversee the administration to be monitored .
But the enormous range and complexity of legislation and administrative functions of the modern State make it impossible for the Legislature to adequately scrutinise legislative proposals and oversee administrative action .
While the government has vast and sophisticated administrative machinery and organisation manned by experts specialists and seasoned civil servants at its' disposal to undertake its complex tasks the Legislature finds itself severely handicapped .
Through parliamentary devices like questions and debates it can keep a watch over the administration in place .
In order to make parliamentary surveillance more effective and meaningful the Parliament needs an agency which would have the confidence of the whole House .
This among other things the Parliament seeks to achieve through its Committees composed of some of its own members particularly in India .
The review of administrative action and the examination of numerous and complicated legislative proposals and subordinate legislation require expertise and close scrutiny that are not possible in the Lok Sabha consisting of 545 members .
Ad hoc Committees Such Committees may be broadly put into two categories : ( a ) Select or Joint Committees on Bills which may be considered and reported to be .
These Committees differ from other ad hoc Committees to the effect that the Bills are referred to and the procedure followed by them may be laid down by the Speaker in the directions given by the Speaker or the Chairman in the particular case .
For instance a Committee was constituted in 1951 to go into the conduct of a member Shri H . G . Mudgal on a motion adopted by the लोक Lok Sabha .
Railway Convention Committee on Offices of Profit - Joint Committee on positions of benefit appointed by the House or by the Speaker or Chairman for any specific purpose are also other examples of such Committees .
A leading Joint Committees of the two Houses were constituted on matters such as wages वेतन allowance and pension समितियां for members the Bofors Gun Deal सौदा the Bank Securities सौदा .
The Committees are constituted by members of the सदन Committees nominated by the House either by the Speaker or by the Chairman as the case may be nominated by the Chairman or by the Chairman .
The Select Joint Committees on a Bill are appointed by the House on a motion .
All Financial Committees ( i. e. Public Accounts Committee . Estimates Committee on Public Undertakings ; . Committee on Public Undertakings ; members of the Committee on Welfare of Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes are elected by each year in accordance with the pattern of representative represented by members .
The remaining Committees are nominated by the Presiding Officer of the House .
Some of the Committees are constituted by each House separately while others are jointly constituted by both the Houses .
Reports may be either preliminary or final.
The Committee may make a special report on any matter which came to light during his work and which the Committee considers it necessary to bring into the notice of the Speaker or the House even though such matter was not included in the directions of the Committee .
7. The report of the Committee by its Chairman or any other member of the Committee authorised for the purpose
Until the report is presented to the House it is considered a confidential document which becomes a public document only after it has been introduced in the House .
financial
Although nearly two months of the budget session are devoted to this purpose discussions are neither very extensive nor profound .
Thanks to the keen pursuit of the whole कार्यकलापों observations and criticism by the Parliament have tended to be general repetitive and दोहराने .
Since the time is short गिलोटिन often demands relating to a number of ministries and departments are not discussed at all and the गिलोटिन is used .
The Financial Committees of the Parliament undertake to undertake detailed scrutiny of governmental spending and performance thereby securing the accountability of the administration to the Parliament in financial matters .
Implementation of policy is far more important than mere formulation.
Position of the Estimates Committee other two .
In this case a distinction has been distinction made between " and all other policies laid down by Parliament by resolutions or by specific resolutions ' .
In the latter case the governing body may openly examine any matter which has been settled as a policy by the government in the discharge of its executive duties .
The Committee may examine the working of the policy ; there is no policy approved by Parliament .
Thus where it is found that the intended consequences of a particular policy are not coming out and the waste is अपव्यय there is a duty of an estimate committee to bring the shortcomings into light and to bring it in the light of the policy .
It consists of 22 members ( 15 from Lok Sabha and 7 from Rajya Sabha .
As a matter of practice since 1967 a member of Opposition is appointed as the Chairman of the Committee .
The Estimates Committee deals with estimates of public expenditure ; and Public Accounts Committee essentially examine the accounts provided by the House for the expense of the Government of India with what it is intended to ensure that money is allocated by the Parliament .
If an extra expenditure has been incurred by the House for the purpose of any service during a financial year the Committee examines the conditions for which such additional expenses have been incurred and makes recommendations .
Such excesses are required to be brought up before the House by the government for consideration of such additional expenses .
It may also record its opinion in the form of disapproval or pass निरनुमोदन against the extravagance or lack of proper control by the ministry or department concerned .
The Committee draws its subjects for examination from the audit reports of the Comptroller and Auditor General of India relating to the accounts of the Union which are placed before each House of Parliament .
The Comptroller and Auditor - General of India who participates in its meetings helps the भारत Committee .
The Committee has two broad limitations : one that it is not concerned with the question of policy and the other that its findings are निष्कर्ष .
In other words the Committee can point out irregularities only after they have taken place and the damage has been reached .
However the investigation is taken very seriously by the Enquiry Committee .
The very fact of the existence of such a Committee has a deterrent effect on a possible administrative waste and extravagance .
As a result of the recommendations of the Committee the प्रशासनिक with administrative प्रशासनिक in policy implementation have led to important improvements in the financial system .
A review of planned economic development for our country necessitated setting up of numerous industrial undertakings agricultural commercial etc. which are controlled and managed by the Government of India .
Thus a number of corporations and government companies generally called Public उपक्रम involving large sums of money .
Since the moneys invested in them are appropriated from the Consolidated Fund of India it becomes the responsibility of the Lok Sabha to have adequate control over their functions .
For this purpose a Committee on Public Undertakings consisting of 22 members out of whom 15 are elected by the Lok Sabha and 7 from the Rajya Sabha .
The Chairman of the Committee is appointed by the Speaker from among the members elected from the Lok Sabha .
The functions of the Committee are to carry out the reports of the government undertakings specified in the Rules and reports of the Comptroller and Auditor General if any whether in accordance with the rules of business and fair business of the public undertakings .
These Committees worked hard and executed and produced valuable reports .
The Constituent Assembly considered the reports of committees on Union Powers - LRB - Union constitution - RRB - Union constitution - LRB - Union - RRB - Provincial Constitution - Union constitution - RRB - provincial minorities and Scheduled Castes .
The recommendations of the other Committees were later considered by the Drafting Committee .
The first draft of the constitution of India was prepared by the Advisory wing of the Constituent Assembly Office in October 1947 .
Before the preparation of this draft a large number of material were collected and supplied to the members of the Constituent Assembly in three volumes by the name of constitutional recommendations .
A large number of comments criticisms हुए and suggestions were received for amendment of the Draft Constitution .
The Drafting Committee considered all .
The Parliamentary internship programme for parliamentary officials and the International Legislature Model ( International लेजिस्लेटिव ) are the two recent courses at the centre mainly for foreigners .
Parliamentary Museum and Archives India has always accorded maximum importance to parliamentary institutions.
से efforts have been made to harness all necessary resources for collecting and preserving the precious heritage of the country for the present and future generations .
It was initiated in 1976 when the Lok Sabha Secretariat set up a Parliamentary Archives of संसदीय and Films to preserve an extensive and up - to - date pictorial record of the history of Parliament its activities and personalities.
The proposal to set up a Parliamentary Museum and Archives was approved by the General Purposes Committee of the Lok Sabha on 1 August 1984 .
The basic purpose of the Parliamentary Museum and Archives is to enable the people to understand and realise the history of political processes and objects from the present age of the Constitution and Parliament as well as from the valuable records of the past historical documents and things .
At the current stage of its development - LRB - दस्तावेज - RRB - it is concentrating on acquisition of comprehensive documents and documentation materials available with it adequate preservation and maintenance of selected items .
In due course it proposes to undertake other tasks devoted to dissemination of information on parliamentary institutions and for creating a proper image of the Parliament by stimulating interest in its growth activities and achievements.
The राष्ट्र Dual National Conference of लोक . The General Purposes Committee of the Lok Sabha approves a proposal for setting up a National Innovation Centre for national achievement in August 1 1984 after achieving full independence in particular areas led by the nation .
It is proposed to present through exhibitions multi - modal प्रदर्शनियों photographs and other visual materials a panoramic view of India ' s achievements .
कृषि for के
मिट्टी have found out that से species of termites are found in वनों while in the soil from which forests are cleared the only one species is found .
These insects have a great significance in their plant analysis and in providing nutrients necessary for plant growth which can adversely affect the flora and fauna of these regions .
In areas where people live only on farming homes there may be serious consequences for खेती .
Paul ' s work will be very important in understanding the land environment in the hot regions .
This can help us to show the increased levels of ' fertilisers ' by entering the citrus land into दीमकों .
50 per cent of the Earth ' s surface area is under 2 kilometres but we still know very little about the animals that live there .
The deep sea level covers an area of 2.7 million sq km ; on समुद्र we have only recorded a fraction of it .
Commercial fishing dumping industrial waste oil leaks and coastal development etc. are great threats to our oceans today .
The reason why we do not know the effects of marine life cannot be attributed to these activities .
She also hopes that the years to come will be better .
The Speaker of the Central Legislative Assembly was then called प्रेजीडेंट .
For a detailed discussion see the keynote paper presented by Dr Subhash C. Kashyap on राष्ट्रमंडल and Training of Parliamentary Staff at the meeting of the Society of राष्ट्रमंडल - at - the - Table in Commonwealth Parliaments at राष्ट्रमंडल Canada in October 1985 1985 .
Every new House has its own character - LRB - although some of the customs and conventions of etiquette - RRB - are common to every House .
Legislature is not just a club .
The conduct of its members has therefore to be characterised by a high standard of dignity गारिमा grace mutual respect and courtesy which are congenial to the place where all the competing forces in the polity are brought face - to - face for organised effect .
Work in the House was to be maintained efficiently and efficiently cleaned and all shades of opinion valued ; for this purpose the atmosphere in society must be solemn and एवं .
Outside the House as well a member is expected to maintain a standard of conduct consistent with the dignity of his office .
It is not merely because the business of the House continues unabated and peacefully but also because of the dignity of Parliament and its members in private practice .
It would be neither natural nor desirable that there should be no disagreement on them .
It is therefore necessary that discussions are driven by mutual exchange spirit .
A member should not interrupt any member who is speaking by disorderly manner .
It ' s okay to make things clear or to make things known by the Speaker ; to understand a speech or to challenge a statement in a sweet manner but it ' s often confused with the repeated अव्यवस्था .
Also it is not a parliamentary practice to इसके over and over again and there are अंतर्बाधाओं of such संसदीय by the Speaker .
Any point about his speech can be raised after finishing his speech .
Members should not normally converse among themselves in the Chamber but if this becomes necessary they may do so in a very slow voice so as to prevent the action of the House .
A member should not sit or sit down on his back towards the chairman .
A member should not cross the floor or cross between the Chair and any member directing the speech .
When this rule is dissolved there is a strong objection made by the Speaker .
All the time there is a strong attraction of listening to his own voice but a good Parliamentarian hears of another 's voice and when it is not speaking. 12
Visitors and दर्शक References to the presence of strangers in the दर्शक Gallery have been held to be out of order.
In proper cases however the visitors can be referred to the presence of distinguished foreign visitors in the Special Box of the House and on such occasions members can cheer those visitors by thumping their सदन .
Ordinarily however members should not applaud when a distinguished visitor enters any of the Galleries or the Special Box .
General Conduct in the House : General Conduct in the premises of Parliament hunger strikes भूख हडताल धार्मिक or any demonstration or religious act .
In addition members of Parliament cannot bring any weapons in the House on their shoulder but they cannot press their टोपियां coat कोट or press them on the धूम्रपान .
- LRB - ii - RRB - The powers of the Deputy Speaker to be criticised directly or indirectly inside or outside the House .
The authority to administer the proceedings of the House as it has been provided by the House itself ; so the interpretation of the Rules and conventions of the House to be considered by the Speaker / the Speaker howsoever hostile is he .
The discussion of any member with him in the sitting of the Speaker should not be carried out by that member in the press .
- LRB - iii - RRB - No notice should be publicity unless the Speaker takes it into account and circulated to members .
If the Bill thinks that the case is just and valid it will be up to the ordinary course of justice that it may bring matters together with the concerned officers or employees but it should not be coercion and undue influence .
These powers are : to individuals whether they are members or not because of breach of privilege or contempt of the House .
offering bribes may be made available to members to influence their parliamentary behaviour .
A member may be suspended from the service of the House for a specified period or from the House in a most serious matter .
It may be noted that he visited also Tiru - और and और which are shrines of Vishnu and composed several songs on the deities of these places .
One day in the night he returned from Tiruvottriyur to his brother ' s house .
His Bhabi was standing near him for his plate .
They ate their food and went to bed .
His fame spread over account of the divine grace and the marvels of his लोगों ; while his purity control honesty and eloquence drew the eminent people to him .
Among them were मुदलियर . who became his disciple in 1849 .
After Ramalinga ' s death he became Tamil Pandit in the Presidency College Madras .
Ramalinga was as free as the Buddha ( 1879 - 1879 ) बुद्ध - A. D. 1836 .
From his birth he did not care for material possessions wealth or women.
In a song he says to God :
They pay homage to हैं वाचहर .
Nothing is known about her life .
In Madras Ramalinga ' s life was literary activity .
The first twelve years upto 1835 may be described as the period of मंदिर ( का ) when he identified himself as a devotee with God Kartikeya .
The next twenty - two years until 1858 may be described as' the period of Tiruvottriyur 'when he identified himself as a devotee with Lord Tyagaraja ( the ascetic aspect of Siva ) and composed songs in His praise .
Numerous disciples religious heads heads heads of monasteries poets and scholars in Tamil and Sanskrit rural and provincial अधिकरी government officials अधिकरी men and unlettered people gathered round him and found him yoga spiritual teachers and poets and scholars .
During this period of his life he edited some of his early poems and wrote two prose works .
They sang so many songs about Nataraja and to Nataraja that each of them may be difficult to choose a representative instance .
In the natural ending process the formula for winning the victory of the strong is विपरीत .
The judges were too eager to rise to the उठने but were sitting watching their रीति tradition .
Starting the proceedings he asked Navalar why he stood up .
The judge said ? " Stand up .
So you think they are honourable 1 you should not have filed the case keeping in mind the fact .
Finally let us know the story of की though at this point it may take us from the chronological sequence .
The first four chapters that Ramalinga published during his life - time are as follows .
The fifth chapter contains songs composed during his stay in 1880 which are sung in praise of Lord Muruga of 1880 in 1880 by 1880 Velayuda Mudaliar .
The poems composed by Ramalinga in Vadalur and Mettukuppam for publishing which he was not permitted were published by रामलिंग Chettiar of बंगलौर as a result of the efforts of रामलिंग Mudaliar of बंगलौर and रामलिंग Naicker of Bangalore.
Uran के writes in Tamil 'To those who have not had the privilege of seeing रामलिंग - रामलिंग who have not had the privilege of seeing रामलिंग he would say so to them that Ramalinga was such his personality is empty .
It is said that the blessed saint had a body beyond photography .
Nor even their images !
Ramalinga is an unusually autobiographical poet unlike a religious poet who often claims to him a vivid कवि of his experiences of his circumstances .
He points to his physical characteristics clothes and attire .
They tell us in a verse dealing with their white clothing and in which there are other things .
This walking picture of Ramalinga brings out the quintessence .
The Constitution of India has been variously described.
As Dr .
Ambedkar said There are two serious weaknesses of , अनम्यता and विधिवाद परिसंघवाद .
The Indian system is unique in that it has a dual polity with a single Indian citizenship which can be both unitary and federal according to the needs of time and condition .
Under article 249 Parliament of the Union can invade the State List .
By virtue of the failure of the constitutional machinery in a State subject to Article 356 and 357 all its executive and legislative powers can be taken over by the Union in their hands and are subject to the dissolution of the Constitution by Article 352 .
Finally under Articles 2 . 3 and 4 the Parliament of the Union can by ordinary law passed by simple majority and alter the boundaries or names of the existing States .
Moving the Draft Constitution for acceptance of the Constituent Assembly the Chairman of the Drafting Committee Dr.
The text of the Constitution does not anywhere use the term फेडरेशन or Federation .
करूंगुझी Chettiar करूंगुझी one of Ramalinga 's admirers used to come to Karunguzhi from Cuddalore - LRB - करूंगुझी - RRB - to see his master.
रामलिंग had his brother cured of an indolent sore on the tongue by the grace of Ramalinga he had placed his hospitality at Ramalinga ' s service .
One day in the presence of the verandah of ईश्वर ' there was a dispute between two sets of things about fate and action whether they talked for a long time .
Once an ascetic went naked in the streets .
A man का watched his निरपेक्षता and gave him a Banana leaf .
The other man was furious and threw a stone in front of the women ; the third man got tired and threw them towards them and threw them in front of the judge .
I have brought both of you as one with the other ' s action .
Without going through this stage it was not possible to attain the ultimate realisation .
उपनिषद् ) ( उपनिषद् )
The soul which attains it through all these measures प्राप्त it then attains ब्रह्मत्व .
You must keep a watch .
It is said that in the room they remained locked for days and nothing was seen or heard of them , until they came back .
According to their interpretation in बौद्धिक bodies the first ( minute body ) is beyond the मांस age ; for it is not visible to the physical functions ( रोग ) since the second ( mental body ) is visible ( मानस ) .
Finally a sculptor from पण्णुरूट्टी made an image of the clay and showed it to him .
It is said that Ramalinga remarked 'So the golden body has become clay.
And there ' s no death for me .
Therefore it is right that you trust their holy words उनके recognise the truth behind them and विरोध all their rituals and कर्मकांडो their truth.
He exhorted them:
What is the nature of those powers that extend beyond us परिचालित and guides us ?
You may likewise gain divine consciousness if you likewise give up all this .
Indeed the भारतीय Veda Sanmarga Sangam founded by him may be considered to be the Indian counterpart of the Theosophical Society founded ten years later in 1875 in New York .
Like the हिन्दू Hindu religion it is believed that by a perfect purity and relentless effort man can relate himself to the Supreme Reality ; this wisdom of the soul - wisdom men whom it is called पुरूषों or पुरूषों - पुरूषों and which comes with special insight .
They consider these as accretions and मिथ्था and make them रदद
He even removed the word veda meaning from the original name of his Society and called it Satya Sanmarga संगम .
He defined the . or 'good सन्मार्ग as the approach to God ' s life and the world .
The Theosophical Society was founded on 7th September 1875 in New York by गुरूओं गुरूओं who repeatedly claimed that it was invited by initiates of Tibet to preach to the people .
Col. Henry S. आलकॉट was the first President of the Society and Madame Blavatsky the first secretary of the Society .
रामलिंग Velayuda Mudaliar the first and most famous disciple of Ramalinga met Madame Blavatsky and Col. मुदलियार when they were in Madras.
At that time Velayuda Mudaliar was a Tamil Pundit in Presidency College Madras .
The loyal friend while writing these lines he thought would one day endorse his claims a thousands of evidence .
But we do not blame us for the wrong things which we have instituted here and there are few facts which we do not want to repeat away from them .
Following the statement of Velayuda Mudaliar is a comment by Madame Blavatsky also reproduced in The जुलाई - जुलाई issue of July 1882
It is a case of prophecy of a future event which has no room for लिए .
The honourable character of this evidence is the extensive propaganda of the declarations of his teacher the सोसाइटी or any kind of rumour or magazine of the Theosophical Society founded in India and its गतिविधि all these facts have been confirmed by us .
In March 1873 we were directed to proceed from Russia to Paris .
In June we were ordered to move to the United States where we arrived on July 6 .
This is the time when Ramalinga was घटनाओं the future events .
The aspirant has to meditate continuously on the inner sun or inner light of consciousness which occurs in man in three stages : , and dormant outer sun is the replica of the inner sun .
This inner consciousness is the common quintessential core of all living beings .
The following excerpts from the का Upanishad ( ब्राह्मण ) or the section of the third chapter are notable for their sublimity and in understanding the meaning of the का गायत्री .
He who dwells in the sun ( Aditya ) शरीर or सूर्य or in the sun whom the sun does not know and whose body the sun is and who rules the sun ( शरीर ) is your Self the Ruler within the immortal.
He who dwells in the moon and stars the moon and stars within him ; whom the moon and stars do not know ; whose body the moon and stars do not know but the moon and stars within he is your Self the Ruler within .
He who dwells in the light ( शरीर ) within the light and light whom the light does not know whose body the light is शरीर and who rules the light within ; he is your Self the Ruler within the immortal.
He who dwells in all beings प्राणियों all beings शरीर whom all beings do not know whose bodies all beings are शासन who rules all beings शासन he is your Self the Ruler within the immortal.
He who dwells in the human being within the mind and mind whom the mind does not know whose body the mind is and who rules the mind within he is your Self the Ruler within the immortal.
Returning from school at half - past four in the afternoon he found the teachers waiting for him and giving him practice every hour .
As soon as he left he came to the drawing master .
Then after the evening repast came the master of English and as the light of an oil lamp.
But a little later he seemed to be left far more than reading the text .
At the moment of such trials he has recorded in his life : " Books tell us that the discovery of fire is one of the greatest discoveries of man .
But I am also deeply conscious of the fact that the birds are so thin that their parents make no lamps in the evening .
They have their lessons early in the morning and how gleefully they learn them . "
The servant who was in charge of the child ' s food was his name ब्रजेश्वर .
He हिस्सा his part of the food .
He turned out to be as usual for every delicacy and asked the hungry boy in a rough voice What else do you need ? "
It created a sense of envy and की .
He added that it was stolen . "
In the autumn of 1872 - 73 when Rabi was eleven years old the Maharshi personally presided over the sacred thread of his two young sons रवीन्द्र रवीन्द्र and Rabindra and his grandson रवीन्द्र .
They were kept together to think of the secrets of life and the world at the third floor of the haveli of the haveli the twice - born शरारतों and धमकाया each other .
The splendid cadence and the के of this Vedic verse appealed strongly to his feeling for rhythm and to his sublime रहस्यात्मक .
But the shaven head was for a few days and this also caused embarrassment as soon as he was admitted to an English school as the name of Bengal अंग्रेजी .
The shaven head was sure to be a target of के of the irreverent Anglo - Indian एंग्लो .
At last they reached their cottage at बकरोटा perched on the top of a mountain .
The boy was now free to wander and feast his eyes on the loveliness and grandeur of the Himalayas spread out before him .
Taking an iron - लोहे stick in hand he roamed at will from peak to peak .
The father kept no guard on him .
" to the last moment of his life " testified the grateful son " He has never crossed the road to our freedom . "
On many occasions I had said something which was contrary to his temperament or judgement and he could not say anything at once but he preferred to wait till it was inspired by himself .
What is true and proper could not satisfy our passive consent or approval of it ; he wanted us to love the Truth with the whole world and he knew that love without acquiescence was empty .
They knew the truth even when भटक from the path which could be found ; but a forced and blind acceptance from the outside बाधा बाधा this path . "
Early in the morning long before the sun rose he woke up the boy and practised the Sanskrit word with him .
After Sanskrit lessons his father and son used to take a glass of milk in the morning .
The Maharshi would then chant verses from the Upanishads the boy listening spell - bound by the sonorous melody .
Meanwhile the sun rose above the eastern peak and the two must set out for the morning .
Returning home the father gave him an hour ' s lesson in English and then took his bath in icy - cold water . "
Thus spent four months with his father away from the dull routine of home and school the most enjoyable days of Rabi ' s boyhood but the most prosperous and early education .
The immediate effect was that he was no longer a boy when he returned to Calcutta .
They were such as किताबों dreams described in legends : Gods and Goddesses used by heroes and sages - as read in books .
" I could not say that my head was बुद्धि . "
He was now the favourite of the open - air gatherings of his mother who used to be located on the balcony in the evening .
Here he recited his stories कविताएं poems and astounded the audience with a little information from his father .
But the biggest feather in his cap was his recitation of रामायण in original Sanskrit .
The women knew of this epic in its Bengali version and the original Ramayana was a mystery to all who knew it .
“Do read us the Ramayana Rabi dear " the proud mother would खुशामद .
No coaxing was required .
The children too in the audience in which the youngest daughter - in - law of the family appeared as a लूटना who craved - for his परिवार .
But if he imagined that his new status would earn him an exemption from attendance at school he was mistaken.
Soon thereafter he changed his school once again and admitted to St. Xavier ' s Home . But the outcome was not special .
For even the studies here were as dull and mechanical as in the previous schools but with the observance of religious rituals the atmosphere was even more callous and formal .
Finally in 1875 at the age of fourteen he gave up going to school .
The school however did not waste its time .
She was determined to please him in her own way .
The family atmosphere was congenial for such wayward pursuit of knowledge .
Poets and scholars समाजसुधारक musicians and philosophers artists and social reformers geniuses and समाजसुधारक समाजसुधारक were all there in the family and more came from outside .
At that time the boy was thirteen years and ten months .
Though this was his first contact with death and the loss of this remarkable lady must have been deeply felt by the family the bereavement did not leave any marked impression on Rabi ' s mind .
Secondly his elder brother कादम्बरी and his attractive wife कादम्बरी had been described earlier as a young sister - in - law who poured all his affection on the young boy and seemed to be his first such a household .
Rabi had said that in the most critical phases of his adolescence he received a friend and guide who not only pushed his wayward genius into his किशोरावस्था but also a woman in whom he received a संगिनी from his mother .
She was young enough to marry में and on such occasions invited her young brother - in - law to partake of the feast.
She made the meal very good and fed him with dishes which were unknown in the list of ब्रजेश्वर .
She would make him assist her in household hobbies in cutting betel - nuts or in laying out in the sun to dry finely cut mango slices which make a delicious dish .
She gave him a good deal of affection but showered on him with the failings of him बुरी deliberately and बुरी even so that the promising boy was conscious of his ability .
If he read her by reading her he merely smiled at her and remarked how much better other poets had written.
And I had nothing else but sorrow when I completely free myself . "
बंगाल took his younger brother to बंगाल the north - east of Bengal on his pilgrimage to पैतृक जमींदारी ; he studied him and took him with him several times on tiger hunting .
The jungle was dense and in its lights and shadows the tiger refused to show himself.
A ladder was made by cutting board a strong bamboo and चढे climbed with a gun ready.
I had no poor tools - so that the lion could be beaten up or let down .
After long straining of his चश्मे eyes he at last caught a glimpse of its markings in the झाडियों bushes .
He roared furiously biting at all the sticks and twigs within reach and lashing his tail .
I understood it would be finished for it is not the nature of tigers to wait so long and patiently to be killed .
I also knew that some one had not even given a small opium in its food the previous night ?
This child - poet had to move his way through all the बाल and to follow many such barriers before he reached बाल .
In fact the poet कवि is the story of a poet ' s spiritual bewilderment and alarm .
The poem begins with a highly आदर्शवादी image of a poet ' s childhood who is reared in the lap of nature a mother and companion for him as she is .
He feels that nature is not a mere handful but more than that it has its own objective ; its laws are the laws which will only make their own stuff clear and which will only make a continuous study of it .
And so happily runs as long as love and nature and as they are divided into elements and so long as this innocent state does not feel the debt of love and love .
He wanders disconsolate in the forest and chances upon a maiden with whom he falls in love .
His name is Nalini - a name which was always dear to Tagore .
The poet is very happy at first but soon turns out to be विरक्त of dalliance with love and mere joy .
A restlessness seizes him he leaves Nalini in search of what he himself does not know .
When he returns शय्या though still disconsolate he finds that Nalini pining away in his absence is on her death - bed .
This was the time when he composed his own music for his songs .
Such a pattern of architecture developed simultaneously in a literary and musical way in which words were sometimes brought before and at the same time the tunes came back and at the same time a characteristic creative urge which filled him throughout his life .
On the whole he composed over two thousand songs and most of which are sung in Bengal on rare occasions and as a popular appeal he has given up all his poems and even his poems .
It was in Ahmedabad itself that Tagore had thought of one of his अहमदाबाद beautiful stories about the plot of पाषाण stone ' .
Staying in the house where the stones had been mute witnesses of scenes of अरेबियन and intrigue redolent of the Arabian Nights his fancy free to wander pictures of those days .
After staying in Ahmedabad for a few days his elder brother realised that he would be good enough to make himself better and better equipped for a family to live in good humour .
So he sent Rabi to Bombay to पांडुरंग रवि a Marathi friend Dr डा पांडुरंग a famous physician and a social reformer of advanced ideas .
The burden of educating Rabi fell on the beautiful and young daughter of the family lovely to look at which England had lived and was highly sophisticated by the standards of those days .
Anna ( the full name was slightly older than रवि .
Mr . मि the man in his name was even more odd though it was slightly less pathetic than the Latin teacher .
The other members of the family were his mild little wife and her pet dog.
Whenever पत्नी wanted to tell his wife he tortured the poor dog .
He sat silent and उदास at the dinner so that the angry visitor might even get confused .
Mrs बार्कर twice : " I want you to be a little more humble . "
" But I said " तो "
But I did n ' t hear it said a पत्नी wife .
My mistake. '
A . R . वे tried to fix the perception and parameters of secularism in the West ; but he was unable to arrive at a fully viable and acceptable definition .
Secular State must have nothing to do with religious affairs except when their management involves crime fraud or becomes a threat to unity and integrity of the state .
On the other hand the शासन or dictatorship of the individual ; and the तानाशाही government of a few people .
The fundamental signs of democracy are that sovereignty vests in the people ; the right to be fair to each individual irrespective of his caste creed colour or sex creed regardless of caste creed colour or sex creed or social background .
In a democracy people are considered their own masters .
They have an inalienable right to rule themselves or to be ruled in the way they like and by the people they choose .
Democracy also recognises the fact that from time immemorial human beings have been fighting with each other for power or for supremacy .
Democracy tries to substitute a more civilised manner of struggle .
It represents ways of संघर्ष and सशस्त्र the methods of armed conflict .
All citizens assembled together and decide the issues of governance.
It became the Commonwealth of Nations with the British Commonwealth .
The Commonwealth specifically recognised India ' s position as a sovereign independent Republic .
It did not therefore affect the sovereign democratic or republican nature of the state .
Social and economic democracy : Democracy conceived in merely political terms meant that every citizen had the right to freely vote in elections at the time .
In all democratic elections the principle of man - LRB - i - RRB - which is enforced has been derived from the recognition of the fact that all men have equal rights whether highly educated or illiterate experts .
For our founding fathers however democracy did not mean political democracy or the people ' s right to periodically vote to elect their representatives .
Without social and economic democracy political democracy had little meaning in a poor country like India .
Dr .
Ambedkar social and economic democracy was the real objective and ultimate goal .
They said that parliamentary democracy would be meaningful only if it was geared to achieving the ultimate goal of economic democracy .
Jawaharlal Nehru had later observed that Democracy of his conception was merely a means of achieving the goal .
The end is that each individual should have the best life to meet some essential economic needs .
In the measure that democracy succeeds in solving the economic problems it is also successful in the political field .
If the economic problems are not solved then the political structure tends to weaken and crack .
It has been made clear by the words of the Preamble to all citizens of the Republic securing " social justice economic and political " .
Justice means a harmony between the mutual interests of individuals between groups of individuals and groups on the one hand and interests of the community on the other .
What is more important is that the Preamble places Justice higher than the principles of liberty equality and fraternity .
The concept of justice is indeed very wide .
It is not confined to the narrow legal justice as administered by courts .
Social justice implies that all citizens are treated equally and their status in society is not taken into consideration by reason of their status in cases of justice .
Article 15 prohibits discrimination or disability in the matter of access to public places .
Provisions relating to humane conditions of work maternity relief leisure promoting economic interests among the deprived sections ; minimum wages and banning of forced labour are directed towards social justice .
Economic justice is supposed to treat the rich and the poor alike and strive to bridge the gap between them .
In pursuance of the objective of economic justice Article ; enjoins upon the state to ensure equal opportunities of employment to all citizens and women not to be exploited by adequate means of subsistence ; for the common good and by sharing of the society ;
In fact the aim of various other articles in Part IV of the Constitution ( articles 36 to 51 ) is also to ensure a new social and economic order imbued with justice .
The concept embodied in our Preamble is only that of equality of status and opportunity .
Its legal objectives are social democracy and economic aspects .
All citizens are equal in the eyes of law and enjoy equal protection of the laws of the country .
All citizens are equally entitled to enjoy political rights to vote and participate in the process of governance .
In the economic field equality means a high degree of ability and a pay for labour .
Moreover शोषण will not exploit one man or one class other people or classes .
The concept of equality of status and opportunity has been given concrete substance and shape in articles 14 to 18 .
The ideals of brotherhood justice equality freedom and equality are relevant and meaningful unless they promote the brotherhood of Indian fraternity the common Mother of India ' s brotherhood in which there are many races linguistic minorities religious and many other जातीय .
Provisions relating to common citizenship are directed towards strengthening the spirit of Indian fraternity and building a strong Indian brotherhood .
The fundamental rights guaranteed to all citizens without any discrimination and the Directive Principles directed at social and economic equality are also designed to promote fraternity .
It goes beyond separation of religion and politics freedom of religion equality of religion respect for all religions etc .
Unfortunately the concept has not been sufficiently valued by jurists and judges .
Speaking on the need for the recognition of the principle of fraternity Dr .
Ambedkar said in the Constituent Assembly : What is the meaning of fraternity ?
There is also an international aspect of fraternity which leads us to the ancient Indian ideal of universal brotherhood .
Article 51 of this Constitution clarifies under the Directive Principles .
The objective was to provide for the satisfaction of their policies by guarantees of fundamental rights of freedom equality etc and by issuing to the State in the form of Directive Principles to bring their policies in such a way that all citizens could pursue their career in good quality .
No wonder the Supreme Court found that the Preamble contained some of the basic features of the Constitution which could not be altered even by an amendment of the Constitution under article 368 .
Five princely states including legislature were placed in Part B .
Part C included five centrally ruled states .
The Andaman and Nicobar Islands were mentioned in Part D .
A separate State of Andhra was created by the Andhra Act 1963 on linguistic basis .
In the case of राज्य ( Tamil Nadu ) the traditional concept of equality was challenged and a new dimension was evolved by Justice अय्यर and Krishna Iyer .
From a प्रत्यक्षवादी point of view equality is opposed to निरंकुशता .
One belongs to the rule of law in a republic while the other is related to the राज्य and गणराज्य of an absolute state .
Where an act is arbitrary it is implicit that it is unequal both in political logic and constitutional law and is therefore a breach of article 14 .
Later on in judgments - LRB - भारत Gandhi v. Union of India - RRB - AIR 1975 SC रामन Raman Dayaram दयाराम v.
The doctrine of classification which has been developed by the courts is not article 14 ' s commentary nor is it the objective and purpose of that article.
It is only a judicial formula for determining whether the legislative or executive action of the Union is arbitrary and therefore constituting denial of equality .
The reasonableness of restrictions has to be determined not on abstract considerations but from objective manner and from the point of view of persons to whom restrictions are imposed ( हनीफ हनीफ v. State of Bihar AIR 1958 SC प्रतिबंध ) .
It is the effect of a law that really constitutes the test of its reasonableness ; its object whether good or bad is immaterial for this purpose .
राज्य Prasad Lakshmi Narain vs. State of Uttar Pradesh AIR 1954 SC 227 227 .
The restrictions imposed to implement the Directive Principles of State Policy have been held to be reasonable ( Bombay State v. f .
Freedom of speech and expression freedom of speech and expression is a sine qua non of the functioning of a democratic state .
Democracy means a government by persuasion and unless there is freedom to discuss political and other matters the polity could not be termed democracy .
( Ramesh थापर v. State of Madras AIR 1950 SC 124 ) .
The Diary has some amusing descriptions of the passengers trying to kill time .
The poet ' s eyes must have wandered or else he had seen all these things from ?
English girls of today would be glad to read what they had written about their grandmothers or not their दादियों .
, चेहरों of my country I hope you will excuse me for forgiveness if I may say something of praise the beautiful faces here : their red lips and shapely noses and eyes that reflect the blue of the sky.
Once again he admires the European society in which women made an adequate proportion of their स्वतंत्रता in the matter of independence and helping the nation to strengthen the nation - and pointing to the स्त्रियों and the only स्त्रियों of the Indian society .
I do not want a seat on the stage to me to sit with my audience on the same seat as they hear .
I really want to know how true his feeling of disappointment is and why he does not approve of my things; and when I say that I do not care for it .
Ten years earlier he had said in a song : he would call you a mad man .
Wait for tomorrow and keep quiet .
He introduces us with a garland of flowers . "
And tomorrow took a long time .
When Tagore is indifferent to feelings and prejudice बह बह बह and बह writes a novel in which कलात्मक and irony are flowing बह and बह it is no doubt a great miracle .
There are only four chapters and four characters in this book ; one of them tells the whole story .
Next he has made a few goals on China : it is also worthy of र्है : " कार्य में and work ' s co - ordinated knowledge of ऊर्जा has widened me from the great country .
And then when this powerful force gets its right modern means विज्ञान in other words when science comes under its control what force in the world will rise to its presence ?
Then the talent for dealing with resources will go hand in hand .
All nations enjoying the fruits of the earth dread that awakening of China and want to put off with their eyes which are not comfortable for them . "
Tagore stayed in Japan for over three months visiting several places .
He notes in his diary : " I have not heard anyone singing on the road since I came here .
All the poems I have hitherto heard are picture - songs not song - songs .
The influence of these poems remarkable for their brevity may have worked on his mind when he yielded to the requests of young ladies to write something on their fans and autograph books .
It is freedom of thought and action : European school teacher . .
This is science but not its wrong application in life . "
But his words fell on deaf ears for was he not a poet of a nation defeated and oppressed ?
In September 1916 Tagore sailed for समुद्री .
The lectures delivered during the second visit of the United States were published in two volumes Nationalism and यूनाइटेड .
The later series of lectures which combined the art of कला education religious philosophy and the supernatural might of the human personality filled with admiration for Tagore ' s deep and bitter observations on the American press as a शैतानी cult .
The Detroit Journal warned the people against such sickly दिमागी mental poison with which Tagore would corrupt the minds of the youth of this great United States . "
Owing to the busy programmes of the beaten track and the तूफानी of American life and the overpowering influence of Tagore ' s health was aggravated by his own देशवासियों during his stay in San Francisco .
Some क्रांतिकारी young Indians more patriotic than intelligent belonging to a revolutionary organisation known as the गदर ' Party had misconstrued his denunciation of nationalism as betrayal of Indian nationalist aspirations.
A few years ago the British Government conferred on Tagore the title of ' Night ' and these देश देश jointly by making him realise that it was an Indian Knight ' the British agent ' sent to the United States for his name .
The British authorities on the other hand were perturbed and alarmed by the strong condemnation of the war by Tagore who was alarmed by the fact that his speeches on the American mind might have had the effect .
He therefore did not place the rumours that the Indian poet was being used as a tool of German propaganda to alienate American sympathy From the British and Allied war effort .
Thus made the innocent target of mud शिविरों from both camps Tagore was deeply hurt and अपमानित and was alarmed at his return home .
He left for Japan in January 1917 unfinished and left for Japan .
After a month ' s stay in Japan Tagore returned to India in March 1917 .
There he did not see the face of aggressive युवक but of repressed nationalism being trampled under foot by his own country whose youth were dying elsewhere in defence of their own nation .
He was once again drawn into the political arena of which the stormy centre was no longer confined to Bengal .
They were all so important that they were all alone but as usual when they saw their people being disturbed they चुप्पी
कलक
One of these letters से written in reply to Gandhi ' s query is of great importance as it belongs to the language controversy in India and continues to this day .
They are convinced that Hindi alone is the probable answer to India ' s national outlook for India ' s राजनीति - so long as she has a free language for the people of Madras she has maintained a national language for the sake of its राजनीति .
The country ' s political situation was getting increasingly worsening .
For lack of adequate constructive channels the भूमिगत of the Bengali youth driven underground was exploding in terrorist activities .
The British Government now confident of its victory in Europe was ready to avenge the great ब्रिटिश .
Violence must be put down with greater violence hatred met with hatred .
This age - old philosophy of power was working its दर्शन round .
But occasions come when to remain in the shelter of one ' s own characteristic creation becomes a crying shame.
Especially since I have been told by a trustworthy source that has been very अमानवीय with a diplomatic prisoner : I am compelled to write to you again . "
As these stories were written the year when he saw the pain of his eldest daughter and the premature death of his daughter was a pronounced personal suffering and pain which he had borne with them and sorrow and suffering .
In these stories we may find a copy of the accusation of the Joint Hindu family which is difficult elsewhere because it is beyond any kind of hatred and how in a story her husband - in - law has been stopped .
Since she is dying she refuses all medicine for living itself has become a disease and only death can protect her .
Soon she returns to her home as an attractive girl .
The mother ' s heart is beat by her daughter ' s hard youth and dies hard and she keeps on serving her father .
But the old rheumatic widower cannot do with a wife and goes off to marry a young bride who has been brought to ब्याह .
When he returns the house is empty for घर disillusioned and wiser has been with the neighbour a doctor who had always loved her and whom she had always loved her heart .
The angry father is horrified at her wickedness and curses her .
The messenger of freedom was no longer free .
He had won the world and the world in return had won him .
He wanted to find his home all over the world and find the world at his home .
And so the little school at Santiniketan became the University of Santiniketan - the Visva - Bharati a centre of modern Indian culture the शांतिनिकेतन of Oriental Studies and the meeting place of the East - West .
The poet chose as its motto a Sanskrit verse: Yatra है eka - एक - where the world meets in a nest .
The idea of a university born during his last tour of Japan and the USA in his mind was announced on 22 December 1918 at a public meeting in Santiniketan .
About three years later this University was formally inaugurated .
The University as in its former school was the product of the poet ' s mind and like a dream when realised it became a pointer to the future .
Tagore believed : " It is the duty of every race to keep alight its own lamp of mind as its part in the illumination of the world .
True it was necessary for him to obtain both the publicity and the resources needed for the implementation of his plan ; but there were more important personal and internal requirements .
In a letter written on April 15 1918 he makes it clear that you have read in books that some birds live in their nests at certain times and fly away .
I am such a bird .
From time to time something calls me from beyond the ocean and my wings are eager to take off .
He made a rich tour of south India visiting several towns where he lectured on his educational ideals .
At the same time he also visited western India presided over the Gujarati Literary Conference in Ahmedabad and spent some time in Mahatma Gandhi ' s new asrama on the bank of Sabarmati .
During the years 1917 - 19 hectic with political and educational activities his literary creation was comparatively less abundant .
In these years only two original and significant works could be written in Bengali : one of them was published in 1918 under the title 1922 ( बंग्ला ) and the other a long time later in 1922 .
In spite of relatively low in size and volume the tone of his Bengali compositions of this period reveals a very unique combination of imagination and feeling with the ideological basis of imagination and style .
है is mentioned above .
The second book is 1919 ( 1919 ) a different composition .
There are a few descriptive sketches and sketches and sketches and sketches .
They are written in prose but this is prose in which the flowing beauty of poetry with rhythm and music is also present .
It is possible that the author had deliberately made a conscious effort to capture the rhythm and beauty of Bengali prose which he had unconsciously achieved in his English translations of Gitanjali .
On the other hand these compositions remind one of those wonderful prose poems which had been written in his memory after the tragedy and agony of his late sister - in - law died in 1884 .
There is no self - pity : in these old memories there is no undercurrent of grievance ; instinct with wisdom which has turned into विषाद " .
The girl ' s father threw his feet at the confluence and समेटा the girl ' s threat of suicide and the last chapter in the novel in the last of परिणय and परिणय and thus goes with the सदाबहार ' s edition .
अंदर and admiring his Muse the man in Rabindranath like the Arjuna of अर्जुन wanted to spread his activities more widely and sought to lead a life of great men .
The artist in him was also looking for newer दूब pastures and newer modes of expression .
The poet ' s imagination dreams anticipation of firm support by observation of reality : just as a delicate creeper or by strong base of a tree moves slowly and takes his place .
Life in the village brought him in direct contact with the soil of his land and the daily prosaic matter - of - fact business of looking after the estates enabled him to see how the vast majority of his people had a hard life .
His affection was aroused by his heart and this affection impelled him to understand his helplessness ; just as it was for his innocent infant in the heart of a mother .
They are the greatest and unfortunate children of the Creator who will have to buy two handfuls of grain in his mouth or they will be ruined .
When the breasts of mother - earth dry up all they can do is to cry.
As soon as the hunger is appeased they forget everything . "
In another letter he writes : " If there is any undercurrent of मस्तिष्क which bind the minds of all men my heart is a feeling of deep concern for him which he will go to them and improve them . "
ब्रह्मा logic and scientific evidence man explains to Brahma that the horse is not fit for independence and is largely in a position to discover how it is worked .
The Old Man ' s Ghost is obsession with Past which rides on the shoulders of Present subjecting the welfare of the living to a vain glorification of national culture and an unwarranted change .
He said " Truth is the same to all nations but each nation has its lies which it speaks of as its idealism. "
He had translated portions of these lectures into French and had used them in his articles during the war .
When the war was over he requested Tagore in June 1919 to sign the Declaration of Independence which Romain Rolland had drafted on behalf of the European artists and intellectuals .
This shameful World War which marked Europe ' s failure has been amply underlined and has made it clear that Europe alone is unable to save itself .
His idea needs Asia ' s idea of यूरोपीय just as Asia has enriched itself with European ideas .
Is that non - violence ?
The difference between the outlooks of these two great minds of modern India is explained by Remain Rolland who had the imagination to appreciate and interpret both.
The controversy between Tagore and Gandhi is said to have been fought by two great men of mutual respect and admiration but they had different feelings for example a philosopher was to quit a धर्म .
On the one hand we have a seeking personality of religious faith and charity seeking to found a new human race on the other a free - born serene and generous personality consisting of all the aspirations and aspirations of humanity in sympathy and harmony .
Tagore had always regarded Gandhi as a saint and I have often heard him speak of him with veneration.
When I spoke of the Mahatma in Tolstoy Tagore pointed out to me and I realise it now that I know Gandhi better how much more clothed in revolution and shake Gandhi ' s spirit .
His nature is his nature : goodness simplicity and purity while all his struggles are hallowed by religious quiescence and everything was violent in the fierce struggle against human emotion than in principle .
At that time Tagore was not just the poet but the spiritual ambassador of Asia in Europe where he sought the help of people to set up universities at Santiniketan .
It was an irony of destiny that Tagore should be preaching cooperation between the Orient and the पाश्चात्य while at the same time non - cooperation was being preached .
And yet in his reply so proud and so poignant there was something that justified Tagore ' s आशांकाओं ( शिलेअट् ) जबरदस्ती imposing silence on the man who was called upon to obey the inevitable discipline .
? without discussion the law of Swadeshi the first rule of which is the चरखा . "
Tagore was greatly honoured by the wit and character of a man whose will and vision of a sudden rise in his heart ; so he left for his favourite retreat to Santiniketan for a pause .
If he had earlier admonished himself: " If you cannot march in step with your compatriots in the greatest crisis of history beware of saying they are false and you are correct .
Let them leave their place in the ranks and go back to the poet ' s corner and be prepared to meet with ridicule and public disgrace. "
In the darkness of defeat he heard a sound ; you are with children playing on the banks of the world and I am there with you .
As a result a series of poems composed in which the lyrical interpretation of the child ' s mind was written which was published in 1922 in Bholanath " which came to be uttered two decades earlier .
The dejection from which he sought relief in these poems had in fact begun earlier in New York when he had seen himself as a prisoner in the कैदी of the Castle of कैदी .
They विलाप My heart is beating up .
Day and night I dream of Santiniketan which blossoms like a flower in the atmosphere of unbounded freedom .
His initial experiments in this sense were conducted for the benefit of the peasants of his family estates .
Years later when he was implementing his educational experiments at Santiniketan he founded a parallel institution adjacent to the educational colony and named it शांतिनिकेतन nucleus for experiments in rural community development .
Himself a leading intellectual among his people his chief concern was not only a poet but as a man for fifty years from 1890 to the year of hi 1941 .
Thanks to their limited field resources they have made it possible for the farmers to build schools and hospitals roads and जलाशयों which can save themselves from harassment and banks and develop the system of self - government .
While farmers received loans at cheaper rates the school received a fixed annual income .
At the same time the liberal zamindar was so anxious about the welfare of his masters while sitting in the midst of the life of the artist his joy and sorrow his living in the midst of his fortitude and his bravery his sense of duty .
Always seeking the Great in the small he found ample material in the lives of the common folk for his stories .
While my companion was the eternal Piper the Spirit of this game and I was nearest to the heart of the world .
I knew his mother - tongue . and what I sang was caught up by the chorus of the dance teacher of life and the वायु of water and air .
But the schoolmaster in the midst of my सपनों came and I was foolish enough to accept his orders .
I threw my flute aside and gave up the playing field in which an eternal child lives in the same जीवन game .
At one moment I became old and carried the burden of wisdom on my back हांक truths from door to door .
Why have I to carry this burden I ask myself over and over again shouting myself hoarse over this noisy world where everybody is crying his own बोझ ?
It is the climax of the poet to spread all his teachings from one continent to another ?
All this seems to me like a bad dream from which I often get up in the darkness of the night and grope about in a chair ; where is my music ?
The poet who is true to his mission फसलें the harvest of love; but the poet who भटकता into the path of जीवन is dismissed with तालियों .
So I founded an international university - this is a great work .
At such times he tended to be उथले repetitive and बासी .
Such far journeys and frequent visits are the मनोदशा of विकर्षण and the endless journeys to lofty ideal ( which later developed in the campaign for raising funds for Visva - Bharati could hardly be of any creative insight .
Gradually he was surrounded by a flock of admirers some of whom were better than courtiers दरबारी parasites and ऋति who applauded their action and acted like प्रशंसकों .
It is a menace that great personalities all over the world have to face but this is the most dangerous thing in India .
They will teach new areas of creative thought to follow all their past achievements and not to be the brightest or the बंदी बंदी they have the most brilliant अनथक of their genius the anonymous genius of their बंदी
The world was his stage and Santiniketan an ideal studio for शांतिनिकेतन .
In July Tagore presided over the centenary celebrations of Shelley in Calcutta .
The past drama was associated with the use of शिल्प for the waste of the acquired states ; while this drama produces more original problems than the original problem of the soul in human life an artificial machine consisting of a machine a machine of men .
The basic theme of the play is the struggles of centuries - old people versus national व्यक्ति for national स्वच्छंदता an age - old struggle between an independent intelligence and a sterile philosophy which has with the advance of ' mechanical technique ' .
The treatment of the play is characteristically रवीन्द्रनाथ half the truth - half the realistic half - allegorical ' रहस्यवाद - रहस्यवाद rational and mysticism - making the dramatic conflict more and more reflective than the secret of the dramatic ending .
The state of सोने has been the outcome of gold mines and bonded labourers .
His king was in the iron door with a लौह of terror and fear ( long before Churchill thought of this symbol ) .
In his name the Police Chief rules the land with a ruthless exercise of जमीन and religious practices .
, is the same cord says a victim that makes the whip and binds the whip .
Into this brave new world comes a young and wilful girl TAGORE: A LIFE Nandini who fears no one and whose beauty charms every one .
She उलट the accepted order not only making the workers rebellious but आंदोलनकारी the King himself out of his छुपने .
When he sees what his men have made of their people how they have led a movement against their own chieftains but how brave and brave a brave young man नंदिनी by Nandini who is driven to government .
It was a true devotion a young and ardent spirit dedicated to imprisoned the lion of a civilised woman .
The quality of poems exquisite and haunting in their playful and restrained tenderness which he wrote during his stay in San इसीड्रो and for some time during his enforced leave seems to have been fruitful and fruitful .
These poems were published in 1925 under the title कविताएं पूरबी which is the name of a lovely evening melody .
This volume was dedicated to Vijaya ( Vijaya ) विक्टोरिया a parallel to Victoria in Sanskrit by the name Tagore used to call his host .
I am enclosing herewith a copy of a letter from Calcutta which he wrote to you in a book of Bengali poems which I had wanted to hand .
I have dedicated it to you while you will not understand what it is .
से The poet in his language is spent with विजया विजया in memory of the days spent with विजया Vijaya which this quotation may be illustrated ( by भावपूर्ण ) the emotional quality of the original poem भावपूर्ण .
She smiled and brought me some flowers of के I had nothing but the fruit of my grief .
I asked him who would say: Who else if we change what we have ?
This assurance was borne out to the end of the deep affinity that linked the Mahatma and the Poet with the many द्वंद्व on the ground .
In fact this splendid discovery was mutual . "
Before the year ended Tagore presided over the first session of the Indian Philosophical Congress in Calcutta where he spoke on the philosophic significance of the folk cultures and folk religions of India .
Shortly after the commencement of the new year he went to Lucknow to attend the All India Music Conference .
Between that musical function he heard of the death of his eldest भाऋ द्विजेन्द्रनाथ who was a sophisticated and well - known philosopher and mathematics .
One by one all his old relationships were breaking : द्विजेन्द्रनाथ was a true philosopher ; ऋन्होंने took all his information and talents और and neither paraded the former nor made much of the latter .
He was not only for Tagore but for all including Tagore ? Dada ( elder brother ) दादा Gandhi and Andrews who had made a great deal of things for him .
Says the Mahatma : दादा ' s death has brought in our midst a thinker a philosopher and patriot . "
One day suddenly the stones felt a familiar shiver of delight ; for Kusum ' s sound .
But the light music of his steps was no longer lost .
Kusum had returned to her village but became a widow .
She gradually grew into a lovely young woman है as the Ganges swells into beauty during the rainy season .
One day a tall and handsome Sanyasi arrived in the village and took up his abode at घाट near the ghat .
Men and women of the village came to listen to his discourse but Kusum was not one of them .
On the day of the sun ' s eclipse many people came from the villages around to bathe in the holy Ganges among them some women of the village who had spent their married life .
One of such adult women sounds like a flower - husband about whom he was dead .
हुए herself she pulled the veil down on her face and requested the Sanyasi to give her his name .
It was not without significance that he composed his poetical and musical compositions of a great drama called Nataraja the Divine नर्तक holding the universe in the whirl of his cosmic dance.
In February the young couple joined him as a dance drama called Nataraja नटराज .
In March he again went to western India where he presided over the Hindi Sahitya Sabha in the then princely state of Bharatpur .
He spent his summer in the pleasant hill station of Shillong in Assam where he began writing his biggest novel Teen पुरुष ( Three पुरुष ) .
As the title indicates it was a very ambitious plan and made a very good beginning so far away from any charged and artificial घुमावों in the best manner of the story .
The loving observer of the people the story - teller and the social psychologist have combined to achieve a consummate work of art which makes some critics acclaim this novel as one of Tagore ' s finest novels . "
But Tagore was no Tolstoy or टाल्सटाय and could not live long at a stretch in one fixed world even though they were all clothed in his compositions .
The poet . the singer and the teacher often get involved with the novelist and removed his attention from the story or the characters and thus the story in which it was thought was to be dropped at one generation and published two years later .
Most of his novels depict the inevitable conflicts and contradictions of Indian society .
Most of these conflicts are generally social and cultural but the aspect analysed and altered in every single novel .
Having given up the voyage he was no longer restless and यात्रा .
His old poise returned and with it the creative mind .
During his brief stay in Bangalore he not only completed the novel कोलम्बो but also completed another novel कविता कविता ( Last Poem ) during the कोलम्बो Yatra .
This novel which is almost half poetry is very popular among Bengali readers and stands as a unique work .
It is in the modern backdrop that its recent trends its wit and satire the crooked विनोदपूर्ण - style निष्ठुर author ' s निष्ठुर - as a ruthless critic of the hero and चुटीले humour and कविता stirred out of beautiful poetry .
Dr Sukumar Sen describes it as ' सेन ' a love story which will end all love stories .
Another interesting fact is that the author completed the second novel खत्म almost simultaneously and no two novels could be more dissimilar in उपन्यास style मिजाज style मिजाज style and मिजाज .
Fortunately as a painter he had neither trained nor indulged in any such prestige and so he painted without inhibition .
The most unfortunate feature of the case was that they did not take this art seriously and that they acquired something nearer to them like a paper medium equipment कागज equipment or colour - a serious reaction to their success .
They have recorded almost three thousand पद्य and पद्य in the last thirteen years of his life .
There is no doubt that most of these drawings show a pronounced resemblance to the rhythm .
In fact some other aspect of his self - credit may be seen even though it may not be too serious he was out of the way and was yet to be expressed through the new medium .
What he wanted to say is to be above all an ability to call him or herself something that was quite proper and to what extent Tagore had said all that was good and beautiful .
He writes as one dedicated consciously and impelled है to a higher objective .
But when he paints it does not seem like a निद्राचारी where he does not know the motivation of his steps and the direction in which they are moving .
They अलग झांकते क्रूर cruel and bitter ( क्रूर ) which they scrupulously keep away from their writings and look out from them .
Not only Angels and फरिश्ते but देवदूत पात्र and पात्र too have their full play on his canvas .
After a pleasant stay in Tashkent he reached the French Indo - China where he was warm welcome and returned to India in July exactly at a time to welcome the Santiniketan sun as he called .
In January 1930 Tagore visited western India and delivered a lecture in Baroda on The artist ' s theme and returned to Santiniketan in February .
In March he sailed for Europe to pursue his यूरोप Lectures at Oxford which ill - health had prevented him earlier .
The lectures were in fact a fine excuse : his tedious व्यस्तता ” which in other words was his restlessness for watching the पेरिस of his paintings in Paris and once again a मेजबान of Argentina .
The paintings were well received by Paris critics who described them as pure paintings absolutely sincere and wholly निर्बंध by studio traditions .
The आक्सफोर्ड Lectures delivered in Oxford later in the month were published in the following years as The आक्सफोर्ड of आक्सफोर्ड एलम्हर्स्ट dedicated to एलम्हर्स्ट एलम्हर्स्ट .
After the exhibition of his paintings at Birmingham and London Tagore left for Berlin in July .
This visit deepened his affection and regard for Einstein with whom he had long discussions a gist of Which is recorded in an appendix to The Religion of Man .
His pictures were exhibited at Gallery City . in Berlin and a civic reception was held at the ancient Town Hall of Munich .
He visited many places in Germany including पैसन ओबेरामेरगाउ where he witnessed the Passion Play .
We have neither power nor wealth .
We are helpless and hungry people in the world that lives for the worse than a dog . "
Marxism or the philosophy of दिमागी materialism was alien to his mental make - up which sought for harmony and cooperation rather than contradiction and conflict in the process of history .
His faith in the individual mind and the infinite personality of man enabled him to stand against any technique of political action against wholesale and violent suppression of opposition.
He had also आतंक the fact that any machine - bearer would press man and he knew that the party machinery could not be anything else .
He believed that अमानवीय means were capable of मानवीय the human end .
He was by no means a blind admirer of whatever he saw in the Soviet Union and his friend .
He was aware of the ruthless nature of the party dictatorship and of the many moral limitations of the Soviet tests .
But these limitations did not let him lose his perspective or proved a hindrance to his mission .
It is true that Tagore was sensitive to the political and social uplift of his country ; Was he himself not partly inspired by it ? he made the Mahatma proud of all the Indian and foreign leaders .
On the other hand he feared that the Mahatma ' s medieval and reactionary feelings and social attitudes were misused by his followers .
Mahatma Gandhi can transcend the limits of his beliefs but will his followers also do so ?
Their misgivings were justified and history bears witness .
But very naturally he understood the mask under his spontaneous thought and saw to it that India was but a part of all mankind like any other race and must march with it .
Gandhi also came to know of the same truth when he said " If man through all his power and affection drew nearer to the conclusion that God alone is Truth .
For the past two years I went a little further and said that Truth was God . "
He wrote it in English during the last year in Germany ; in the meantime when the citizens of Calcutta had been invited to the Round Table Conference on January 4 1932.
The poet still had some courage to fight the British professions of justice. and fair play he sent a cable to the Prime Minister Mr मैकडोनाल्ड मैकडोनाल्ड protesting against the policy of indiscriminate repression.
On January 26 he issued a statement which was not published in full due to official restrictions .
He made his feelings in a poem called पृथ्वी ' in which he addressed God and asked him to send his ambassador time to this earth to teach forgiveness and love .
Disappointed he went away to a quiet little by गंगा at the bank of the river Ganges in एकांतवास where he composed many poems by his own paintings and other Indian painters .
Later all these poems were published as कविताएं and dedicated to बसु Basu .
Age and claims of strenuous life were telling on Tagore ' s straight back and stately shoulders were getting bent.
When he made up his mind that he would no longer be able to travel abroad he was invited by the king of Iran to visit his country .
To avoid the strain of a long and arduous journey they travelled by air .
He also wrote long ago in one of his poems : " I wish I was a Great One if I was a Great One ! "
But a हृदय news awaited his return from the land of roses and roses .
His only grandson पोता delicate sensitive youth whom he had sent to Germany for training in book - printing was seriously ill with galloping रोग
जर्मनी died in Germany on 7 August .
The death of him in a remote country hit the poet .
But since the poet had to bear many bereavements and from each great sorrow his faith in life had strengthened .
In a beautiful poem he wrote : " The pitiless greatness of your heart has made you out of the far - flung and invincible .
I stood before you with trembling heart afraid of your apprehensions .
A few years ago he had sung it : " I am jumping into the ocean of form in the hope that I shall acquire the pearl of the Formless I shall now become a costly boat .
रवीन्द्रनाथ to wander he could now dive deeper into the water .
Many Bengali कविताएं think that his best poems were written in the last decade of his life .
This may or may not be true depending on the reader ' s taste taste taste taste and mental structure .
In fact it is the undisputed fact that he scaled several peaks in his life each different from each other and what he sees seems to be the highest .
And since the final summit is the closest to the readers the शरीर and वीरोचित can be said to be the most precious one for he had fixed to his old age and weak शरीर one cannot possibly imagine that anybody was his greatest .
On the 20th September the whole country was stunned to hear that the Mahatma was determined to fast unto death with a fast unto death in jail which he decided to create a separate partnership between the Hindus and caste Hindus by the British prime minister .
On the day Gandhiji was to begin his fast - LRB - at 3 a. m. the same morning when he wrote to Tagore in a letter to him : My dear master is Tuesday today .
I will enter the fiery gate at noon .
I pray for your blessings for this attempt .
By the end of the year two of his novels were published in the name of the बोन Bone ( बोन ) and the गद्य ( बगीचा ) and prose drama ( गद्य ) .
It was indeed a fruitful year in literary activity despite the constant involvement of many distractions public engagements and political happenings.
बोन बोन is a short novel ; its environment is mainly psychological and has been written with a triangular section of normal life in which the love of two sisters is shown .
The author seems to have tried to show that a man wanted to see both mother and प्रेयसी in woman .
What happens to a woman to find both of them together ?
But man ' s nature and society are such that generally men cannot get both together and at the whole love ceases to be incomplete .
And so the living heart cannot escape depression .
In this novel two rival sisters बहनों who are equally attractive in their dresses and preparation makes the situation even more complicated .
The author has tried to face boldly the psychological dilemma created by a conflict of loyalties loyalty to married love and devotion to love free and free and romantic .
नाटकीय is shorter in length but more dramatic .
The novel is mostly a dialogue one wonders why the author did not write it as a drama .
The story is almost similar to that of the स्त्री बोन बोन two women and a man ( पुरुष ) though women as a competitor ) are not the wife ' s sister but husband ' s sister .
The psychological nature of the novel is of some other type .
पति was happily married to her husband who was in charge of selling flowers and was in love with his garden house .
She also admired her husband ' s love for her and her favourite things for her husband .
The husband is also very fond of him and his affection is the cause of the jealousy of brother - in - law .
He was happy and so his heart was very generous .
But people were jealous and after ten years of भोगने happiness she suddenly became a bed - ridden invalid With no hope of sharing her husband in the garden .
From a window she could see only her past खुशियों .
When her husband sent for his young cousin Sarala to help in the garden.
What is more unfortunate is that this kind of unscientific view of phenomenon is too readily accepted by many of our countrymen . "
Despite all this in the English weekly जी हरिजन हरिजन his confidence : " This earthquake has not been the result of a belief of God or of a superstition for me .
We have no idea of God ' s laws and their acts . "
Jawaharlal Nehru ' s comment on this point is worth : " I was surprised when I was walking about in the earthquake - affected areas or read a short while before going there to Mahatma Gandhi ' s statement that the earthquake had come as a result of the sin of untouchability .
He was ageing and was no longer able to travel as he wanted .
More harassing than the problem of age was that of money .
The रायल्टी from his Bengali books were hardly any good at writing poetry though the buying capacity of the limited reading class was दयनीय .
By 1934 Tagore had become more a memory than a living man in the west and his रायल्टी had considerably diminished .
The Postmaster has no good job and often the long and extreme heat - time उचाट when he called the girl and goes to the bowl .
One day the Postmaster took to bed with a severe bout of malaria.
She served him the little girl the following day and was happy at some time .
This man who was truly called the painter of life now looked upon as a man of immense value and concern for the Indian culture with other aspects of these travels grew in the hearts of the so - called , .
The first of these cultural tours in Ceylon and India had always been a household treat to this beautiful island .
It was during this trip that while living in सिंहल he completed his novel सिंहल - सिंहल - i - सिंहल which was his last novel .
Its short play on the stage was also quite successful and in this powerful novel he विषय his old theme and described in another राजनैतिक about human values and political ideals he also said .
This was followed by a secret revolution movement in Bengal and the frustration of love in the backdrop of heroism and terrorism and the gradual collapse of human values .
The author has pointed out his keen psychological insight by analysing the aims of political heroism which is often described by political heroism and forms ; in this tragedy novel बंगाल - दुखांत has been brutally condemned to truth and विवाद - बंगाल .
During these five years from 1932 to 1936 Tagore travelled extensively within the country and travelled abroad for Iran ; at the same time wrote seven books of his poems श्यामा श्यामा and देश से ( देश ) देश ( देश ) .
Except for the देश country which was based on his first story the theme of the four other plays was taken from the ancient Hindu and Buddhist legends which he had earlier retold in poetry .
Tagore based these ancient stories not only the music and the पहनाया garment but the पहनाया of them with a dramatic excitement and the मनोवैज्ञानिक psychological and moral significance .
The three main forms of these poems are the recurrence of the memories of the twelve - year old age which asked them to turn back from the long path to the still more or less they seemed to be a sacrifice of sympathy to the society .
As a matter of fact when he was writing these prose - poems he was at the same time writing as songs of old but more or less unorthodox poetry as well as pure traditional lyrics .
Though he had been constantly searching for new forms through his usual customs he had never given up his natural जीवन such as love of nature a bridge of life in love with earth and love of life in the mystery of life .
It is this love which from time to time seems से familiar with all the forms of nature his innate humanism . his love of the world his love for life and his passionate concern for them all around him and his passion for it .
This love has been a recurrent theme in all his works and has been constantly spread over six decades .
रवीन्द्रनाथ in the last decade of his life when the earth had become totally alien to his own ever - क्रांतिकारी land the affection of Tagore had been भयभीत by him and making him half - demented .
I have loved this earth .
I have tasted its nectar in the midst of hunger and thirst .
In its dust I have found the true fulfilment of my life ; in the midst of धूल and धूल I have received my liberation . "
This he did not like a socialist bravado though he was said to be in tune with the deepest appeal of his heart : it seems as if he had found what he had sought in heaven and got entangled in it .
He however attained this knowledge through the experience of sorrow .
There is such utter darkness in the profound cavity of human existence that a faint glimpse of it can only be seen by the torch of grief .
He had acquired this knowledge from his heart and not from the mind nor from any code of philosophy or philosophy .
It was for this reason that he was free from all religious beliefs and practices which he advocated the cause of immense love for this earth and for things that grew .
My consciousness must remain absorbed in the light and shade outside this window let me not worry about anything.
His humanism came to him more directly and with greater हृदय from his heart than from the subtle speculations of the Upanishads or from the liberal humanism of Western philosophy .
In a poem by पुनश्च पुनश्च he refers to an event which restricts his feelings and mental convictions .
ब्राह्मण was a learned Brahmin Pandit renowned for his erudition and power of discussion .
The voice said ? who was my own on this earth and was always my childhood companion - I am not seeing him in this room . "
I asked him Is he nowhere ?
There ' s a faint whisper " He is there where I am .
Many of the poems in these two collections are exceedingly beautiful and in them Tagore ' s poetic power is at its best .
For them God has no meaning if he is not visible in the light of the sun ; he is not in the heart of the untouchables and is free from all bondage .
For him the primal mystery of creation is in the का of light and its final mystery in the nectar of love .
This form was very dear to him and he returned again and again to the Trust which he had adopted whatever he had done .
Some of the poems are very beautiful and as usual give a variety of themes and feelings .
They look back to the long अतीत of their past from which they had come so far ; though they know that those who had left behind could not forget to forget the mysteries of life .
Only he can console himself and it is not there and yet there is no burden .
It is worth living without it . "
But there is a real passion for grief in one poem addressed to है .
The poem was written on August 6 1932 .
The poet ' s only surviving daughter was in Germany by the bedside of her only son who died the following day .
Unable to travel about freely the poet took to changing his dwelling places from house to house .
They now came to think that they must live in a mud house and must be made to a house which they were living at that time .
An पंख writer must have turned a black bird in an obscure way by बिजली a picture of the cloud and the flash of lightning in the month of Sravana but an unconscious girl hidden within her emotional wings showed a gait of a woman .
It was not merely because the common people wanted to see him acting but also it suited them to act .
It was a great success in Calcutta and the poet took the drama troupe to Northern India .
More than money in big cities he could get more popularity and thus he reached Delhi in the last week of March .
At that time Gandhi was in Delhi and felt sorry to see that the poet had been suffering so hard journeys to collect money for his university in his old age to collect money for his University . . . .
Mahatma Gandhi wrote : " Let you now declare your rest of the journey to देशवासियों your countrymen and make your worry . "
Tagore ' s heart was overwhelmed with sincere and sincere gratitude to Gandhi but he was content to be दुखी with his group of friends and admirers as if they were not sure of their performance .
Delhi ' s visit was as memorable as his generous feelings and his eagerness for the health of Tagore : the same was with the extreme कष्टकर of the British Government .
How अनुदार the imperial bureaucracy could be was demonstrated when the Delhi Municipality ' s proposal to give a civic reception to a poet was cancelled by the government .
Returning from Delhi Tagore did not sit back and relax as he desired Mahatma Gandhi .
He attended public meetings of Calcutta although it was more difficult than watching his own plays .
On October 2 the poet by a special prayer at Santiniketan wrote to him on Mahatma Gandhi ' s birthday which was then based on a new dance - drama the second one being called श्यामा ( कलकत्ता ) .
As before the poet also attended the stage .
But Syama saves her by persuading one of his admirers to sacrifice himself in the guise of love for him .
श्यामा foreigner gladly turns Syama ' s lover but when she comes to know of her inhuman manner by which she was clothed in shame and hatred she त्याग him .
The moral law is the inevitable retribution to the unfortunate Syama ' s work which in spite of being loyal to her lover so guilty to humanity .
And for the first time that the address was delivered in Bengali and not in English .
Tagore made good use of the opportunity to strengthen the cause of education through his mother tongue .
In Calcutta Tagore delivered two more important lectures : one in Bengali साहित्यिक and the other at the birth of the Indian saint Ramakrishna महासभा in Calcutta the traditional religious centre of his शांतिनिकेतन at Santiniketan and the धर्म of India .
Tagore could be said to have had no formal education in any field .
Though it is not a description of any fundamental research it is an interesting and original commentary on the results of the modern researches in physics.
Returning from Calcutta he addressed a public meeting in protest against the atrocities of political prisoners in the Andamans who were fast in Calcutta .
In September 1937 he composed the वर्षा वर्षा and directed it in Calcutta .
He loved nature in all its moods and every Season of the year including the tropical summer with its extreme heat and terrific dust - storms had been won by his poems and songs .
The first jingle he had learnt as a child in Bengali was the शैशवावस्था .
The verbal jingle as well as nature ' s jingle की as the rain की and leaf जल had never ceased to delight him .
The autumn with its clear rain - washed sky and stray clouds uselessly was also a season very dear to him .
But a bad event in the autumn of 1937 was waiting for him .
In the evening of 10 September when he was sitting on his chair he suddenly lost consciousness.
Before the specialist doctors arrived in Calcutta for almost twenty - five hours their illness was detected and they were lying unconscious .
There was no telephone at Santiniketan in those days and it took time for expert doctors to send to Calcutta for medical aid .
Meanwhile the unconscious poet जूझ between life and death .
Fortunately he recovered his consciousness and was gradually restored to normal life .
His mind was neither panic - stricken ; his mental emotion was more reflective and अपहृत - अपहृत than ever before.
Tagore warmly embraced feminine solicitude and feminine solicitude and both at Kalimpong where his daughter - in - law looked after her and relaxed at Mungpoo .
His Mungpoo hostess has recorded with almost बोस्वेलियन fidelity his conversations and with the other members of his house and his light - hearted humour and brought out a charming रवीन्द्रनाथ and a better respond to his wit and humour .
Tagore was greatly excited to answer him : " You are thinking of an Asia that would stand on a tower of एशिया .
As you said ' I too believe in the message of Asia but I have never dreamed that these evil would be worse than the wrong one who has created a catalyst in the hearts of the people in Asia for so many years .
Before and after the battle against death in 1937 was a horrible experience that whatever was published during this period appeared as if from the blood of the heart his painting was also a brilliant conversation and a charming रक्त .
In 1937 a series of such works were published : कविताएं ( कविताएं ) कविताएं ( and कविताएं poems ) कविताएं and a book in which there were prose stories and stories ) all in a year .
Most of these young men loved युवतियों Tagore who was fond of children ' s युवतियों had a vague and imaginative mind with which he wrote poems for children and wrote for them many short stories of love .
" One night I dreamt a strange dream : बीनू was calling me " उठो up and see what is happening . "
I sat up and saw Calcutta growing more and more and more and thousands of रोशनियां and channels were pushing each other .
The brick - built houses marched ahead like गैंडों while doors and windows banged and opening .
The shops and markets लड up and down roofs hit one another as लड a शराबी .
The Howrah bridge crawled like a giant scorpion and Harrison Road पीछे behind.
The Monument था as if a mad elephant was waving its trunk in the air .
Not much was left of the old familiar joy .
Many of his poems are reminiscent but they are free of morbidity or self - pity .
In the month of Chaitra when the mango trees begin to bear fruits they are taking their tea in the morning .
His three unripe mangoes fall down on the ground and his mind was once again lost in the days of his boyhood when unripe mangoes were the golden key that opened the door to the secret chamber of मस्ती joy. "
Because he would climb down the trees waited for a strong gust of wind so that some unripe mangoes fall down .
For the first time when they took them raw mangoes he said " Who asked you to bring it ? "
One day while picking them he was stung by a bee .
Some of the modern intellectuals ' Bengali critics have found the poet lacks in the fact that he is so tender even at this age ; some बुद्धिजीवियों and intellectuals seem to have wondered that even the poet has written so wonderfully .
But even in these moods the poet is cleverly अलग away from the role of his धर्म धर्म and धर्म and wanted to drink audio and visual तूफान they could not drive away their dreams .
This mockery he brings out in a dramatic and startling fashion in a poem he wrote in Kalimpong in the summer of 1940 .
The wind rolled up in the evening a tiny calf full of chaff and sticks passing through a deserted field and a small calf trailing behind it .
The First World War in 1914 had caused him great agony and he was immediately persuaded to read the lessons of peace at 1914 .
The year 1940 began to proclaim both अमंगल and अमंगल .
In his formal recognition Tagore organised a ceremonial reception at बाग - बाग ' and paid homage to a man who was a great soul " in the guise of a भिक्षुक .
Sir Maurice विश्वविद्यालय then Chief Justice of India Dr Radhakrishnan and Mr Justice of the Calcutta High Court represented the Oxford University .
Sir Maurice कर said . " University विश्वविद्यालय I am commanding you सम्मानित He is indeed honouring himself .
Twenty - eight years earlier the same University had declined to recognise the Indian poet .
Fox रवीन्द्रनाथ wanted Oxford or Cambridge to give Tagore an honorary degree .
Lord Curzon when consulted said that there were more distinguished men in India than Tagore .
I wonder who they could be : I regretted that England had left it to a foreign country to make the first emphatic acknowledgement of his contribution to literature . "
By the end of this year three stories - his final contribution to this discipline was published under the title मित्र संगी ( three ) .
These stories are quite different from what they had been .
Tagore like Tagore could not have been content with से if it were inert or passive .
They know that man can seek the nectar of life from the crucible of pain and sorrow ; he brings endless value from his indomitable urge to man .
As the poet recovered from health he began to enjoy his usual liveliness of mind and his delight in the. little trivial events his scenes and notes .
By the morning of 11 November the poem was full of लिखवा Sukumar and से ' it was written to a little गऋरैया and called संबोधित by a गऋरैया and a little गीली ' s head हिला
All I know is that this moment is what Sur it is playing - विषाद whether its रागिनी or विषाद are floating in its विषाद or in the विषाद or in its विषाद are some of the fastest growing .
Fortunately for him Tagore was not a philosopher and only knew how far he managed to win the song without स्वर .
As a matter of fact he was far from being असंतुष्ट by any music in his ears ?
कविर्तालेखन was his first love and he tried to win over it with other थे who were his best friends .
' The joy of writing a poem ' as he wrote in May 1892 is far more like the heavy prose work I wrote a poem almost in a day .
During the seven years from 1894 to 1900 he published several distinct anthologies of poetry besides drama short - story and other prose works .
The first of such poetic works is Sonar नाव ( नाव of gold ) which is the title of the first poem in this collection .
One day in the monsoon season when the clouds thunder a कवि कवि the poet sat down on the banks of his field watching the river .
Then he saw a golden boat ; है and he knows the exact figure of the खेनेवाले .
In this literature such a reference has been made that in reverence these stones were erected as monuments of the deceased popularly known as मृतक this culture had begun in the first मृतक of Christ and may even be older .
THE छतविहीन TEMPLES The worship of trees as the abode of spirits and gods was once very popular .
Several kinds of trees were included in this category such as the AI ( fig tree ) बरगद ( fig tree ( fig tree ) पीपल पीपल पीपल पीपल पीपल पीपल पीपल वृक्ष वृक्ष वृक्ष वृक्ष वृक्ष वृक्ष वृक्ष वृक्ष वृक्ष and so on .
The Kadamba tree is said to be the abode of शिव ( Kartikeya ) and the AI banyan that of Siva.
It may be cited as an example of a tree - temple or a tree - temple which was in fact beyond the Buddhist traditions .
In the latter work mention a temple of पोदिमनरम् - LRB - a temple of बौद्धों - RRB - a clear indication of the relative relation of the Buddhists and it is referred to as बौद्धों in Buddhist literature .
All these पडती were necessary for the safety of brick and at the same time gave stability to the stupa as it had to carry substantial loads and even hit natural elements .
These stupas and maha - chaityas contained अवशेषों preserving fragmentary portions of the relics of the Buddha and other stupas .
In the beginning in the stupas at के . . and के the आयक platforms were well equipped and a variety of relief sculptures on its top layer were not so prominent .
It was probably because the भक्त platform served as वेदी for which the devotees planted fruit flowers and sunshine .
In course of time as in the case of stupas elsewhere they were जीर्णोद्धार by craftsmen to consider the आयक platforms .
These slabs were के placed on top of the outer circumference with a running moulded coping on the outer circumference .
As the last decoration of these stupas the स्तूपों - LRB - नीचे - RRB - below were पलटकर and reversed ; their flat surfaces were provided with new सजावट .
The Nagarjunakonda rock - cut chaitya of Nagarjunakonda built early in नागार्जुनकोंडा times belongs to the class of अनावृत्त stupas .
Its brickwork has been mostly plastered over and the अंड decorated by an immense garland ornament in stucco .
The stupa at Amravati is solid but the central pillar of the stupa has been offset from the outer wall by eight बाहरी walls and by a wheel in which the central portion के and गाडऋई .
Perhaps it had an outer circular enclosure .
The आयक platforms are most common in the stupas of this region but do not occur in the stupas at के and के while those at के have been carved on one side of the rock - cut stupa .
Likewise in the case of the Buddhist stupas on the east coast between Nagarjunakonda and Amaravati on one side and शालिहुंडम on the other.
It may be noted in this context that while the Amaravati stupa revealed below its levels urn - नागार्जुनकोंडा the site of Nagarjunakonda has shown the prevalence of the stupas with a contemporaneous variety of stones at Amravati .
These stone blocks were also established in the memory of a hero a warrior a warrior a king or even of the common man .
Women who आत्मदाह themselves on the death of their husbands at a time when the cult of chastity and faithfulness was once born were given memorials in the nature of sati stones later called सती .
These also occur in places other than the fourth century in the Kannada region of Tamil country while in the Kannada country their vogue was common .
This instance of hypaethral temple is represented by a similar ancient construction on the धरती peak in the Coimbatore district with a धरती or upright stone having a trident or सामने planted in front and surrounded by a rubble wall.
Such temples are mentioned in the के epic . built of brick with massive entrances or gopura .
To the extreme south of Tamil Nadu as is evident from its writings there were gods residing in different regions like the mountains meadows the मैदान river valleys the , and the तथा and the बंजर of the बंजर .
They were called था . . . or था .
This also coincided with the extent of the political map of the Mauryas with the extreme south of the organised states with their own well - developed language and culture of the मौर्यों empire .
The earth which is the mother of all life is on a sea ; the first or early पृथ्वी of this world from whose birth came to this earth is a मानस - मानस of beauty now a dream of all her childhood and mate .
There is another lovely and moving poem entitled कविता : I will not let you go .
But the poet ' s little daughter sits calmly on the threshold and as she goes he says " I shall not let you go . "
These simple words that flow from the infant ' s heart give expression to the perennial pathos and pain of the poet .
Everything goes and amid this unceasing flux of life and nature the eternal cry बहता " I will not let you go . "
These poems glow with passion and it is passion suffused with thought and subdued by discussions .
From here the shadow of discussion spreads gradually over his poems and as such passion or passion has become powerful and the thoughts become stronger and more effective .
A second collection of later poems' अंग्रेजी ' published in 1896 - LRB - Chitra - RRB - published in English under the title सोनार .
Many of his readers believed that this volume was the best specimen of his poetic talent .
The cornice moulding - LRB - kapota - RRB - and the किनारों sikhara - LRB - किनारों - RRB - is किनारों backward .
The temple at के has so far been a carved - out image of a त्रिविक्रम that highlighted some of the steps of निश्चितरूपेण development .
This process is called भारतीय in Indian Silpa .
Considering these temples the sikhara of these temples and the विश्वकर्मा temple of के and the नकुल Sahadeva ratha in नकुल are quite similar to those of the three विश्वकर्मा .
In the beginning the early rock architecture Rock धार्मिक where in another architectural use of wooden and धार्मिक was in use ; while at the same time a stone was cut off from the rock to the temple and other religious places was being built .
Both the modes were developed in the later cave - temples of the Chalukyas Pallavas Pandyas and other contemporary dynasties of the south.
In Ellora ' s rock architecture ( all 12 excavations ) all attention has been focused on the south end of the hill - hills ; excavations of Aurangabad where it reaches the एलोरा of the last three centuries that form the Buddhist Order in Ellora .
Caves 4 4 and from 6 to 10 are of the seventh century .
Cave 11 and 12 are unique and belong to the seventh century .
On the other hand Cave I of the first group is very simple and probably तराशी as a experiment .
The shrine of Cave 2 has two lateral cells with an ante - chamber or ardha - mandapa in its side .
There are monastic cells on the lateral walls of the mandapa of Cave 3 .
Cave 4 is two - storeyed .
The groundfloor has a hall and a shrine behind which has additional cells on either side of the shrine and on the lateral walls of the hall .
Cave 8 has a large hall with three monk - cells on the north wall .
On the northern wall of the ambulatory passage there is a मठीय chamber .
Cave 6 has a verandah like other caves behind which there is a hall with a lateral hall in the south with six cells .
The central shrine at the end of the shrine is flanked by प्रज्ञापारमिता which has a कपाटों structure and is thus evident that it is the main shrine .
Cave 9 strictly speaking is a long hall or mandapa with a prominent sculptured के a kind of poor imitation of Cave 10 .
Cave 10 ( विश्वकर्मा ) is a large chaitya similar to those at Ajanta with pillars and aisles and balconies in front of the arch entrance .
The apse consists of a stupa with a carving of the Buddha cut into it and shows that the stupa was a circular vimana - LRB - c. स्तूप - RRB - with a seated shape .
The drum of the stupa has twelve panels all of which contain small Buddhist sculptures on 10 .
The arch on the front is very beautiful and are completely different from those in Ajanta and other places .
Its आमलक tea ( मेहराब ) मेहराब or मेहराब origin and the आमलक - डाट north Indian Brahmins form temples .
Cave 11 and 12 belong to the seventh century and they are respectively known as ' two - तल and three - storeyed समूह these are the largest structures in this group .
A similar rock - cut cave - structure has recently been found at कृष्णा in the south bank of the कृष्णा Krishna River .
Since then the practice and tradition had been totally given up or forgotten and no attempt was made in such a long interval of time .
The edict says that : " It was built by the king . for Brahma . and Vishnu for Brahma . without brick - and - timber .
What was even more significant was that this was a departure from the process known till then of carefully - chosen soft rocks .
More cave - temples were excavated by him into the hard rocks of the south .
They are all of a simpler design and less ambitious in size because of the hardness of the new rock material of hitherto unknown potentialities that involved greater labour invention of new tools and skills in cutting and longer time to complete.
Thus it may be said that the Chalukyas and the Pallavas inaugurated two parallel traditions in the south .
उ
The faces of the square sections of the pillars are adorned with large circular lotus हैं often inscribed inside a square section .
Where there are no inner pillars the difference is indicated from the different levels of the ground or inner roof ( ceiling ) .
A flight of about three steps from the floor of the mandapa leads to a simple shrine entrance which is cut projecting a little into the mandapa .
The shrine often shows a niche placed over the moulded basement or adhishthana while the wall is दीवार at its two front corners by four - sided flat pilasters carrying two more in between the inner pairs flanking the shrine entrance .
The door - frame if clear is plain and plain .
The pilasters carry in some cases distinct capital mouldings and corbels or corbels .
The kapota is adorned by semi - circular kudu ornaments.
The shrine doors are generally guarded by relief sculptures of two armed dvarapalas .
In fact there is no proper image of the deity , Vishnu or any other shrine according to the inscription .
Often there are traces of lime plaster with चूने over the hind wall indicating that the object of worship was a mural painting of the deity .
Sometimes there is a slight relief of a pedestal cut at the base of the hind wall indicating that it would have been painted stucco or lime mortar with a wooden panel with a carving set into a sunk chase .
These Mahendra temples are noted also for the absence of other kinds of sculpture even in the मंडप mandapa part except those of the dvarapalas.
In the case of the Vishnu cave at गर्भ and the cave - temple at गुफा there are dvarapalas neither on the flanks of the mandapa facade nor on the flanks of the sanctum .
The dvarapalas either face full - front or are half turned towards the shrine entrance and live on a massive stone surrounded by a snake .
In Siyamangalam the two outer द्वारपाल are however depicted as warriors inside separate niches at either end of the mandapa facade while the two flanking the shrine entrance are of usual character .
The Tiruchirapalli upper rock - cut cave - temple of शिव is unique in that it has a large group sculpture forming a panel on the western wall of the mandapa directly opposite the shrine and depicting Siva as गंगाधर .
Its hind wall has two वेदी on either side of the projected shrine entrance carrying panels of Gajalakshmi and Durga .
The manner in which the boar - head of Bhu - Varaha merges at the neck imperceptibly with the human body is a masterpiece of art not equalled by similar representation in the Gupta and other sculptures.
The central shrine is now empty ; but perhaps once contained painted or stucco representation of Narasimha .
Almost identical but more artistic and graceful लालित्यपूर्ण of Gajalakshmi and Durga are reproduced in almost the same positions on the rear wall panels on either side of the projected shrine entrance in the और cave - temple .
In addition the front wall of the projected central shrine of the गुफा cave - temple has three niches each on either side of the entrance containing other sculptures .
The niches flanking the entrance contain dvarapalas.
The extreme ones on the north and south show a Nagaraja or मानव in human form with the five - headed serpent - hood and a portrait sculpture in graceful मुद्रा .
The south and north walls of the mukha - mandapa contain large reliefs of standing Brahma and Siva as गंगाधर .
Similar panels on the south and north walls of the ardha - mandapa have almost royal portrait groups of the Pallava kings सहित and Mahendra with their queens and wives in अर्धमंडप and with label inscriptions over them .
The main sanctum contains a modern stucco form of Varaha .
This temple is still worshiped while the others are not used .
The bas - relief sculptures of Durga on the southern wall of the Ramanuja mandapam and of दुर्गा ( दीवार ) on the northern wall of Durga were destroyed by later Chola times as also by द्वारपाल who had three of these द्वारपाल cave - temples .
The back wall of the central shrine retains traces of a Somaskanda group .
The Mahishamardini cave - temple has two highly venerated and well - known Pallava sculptures on the two lateral walls of its mandapa ; viz. the दीवार . from the buffalo - headed north and its armed सेना भित्तियों on the south wall.
The beauty depicted in Durga with aesthetic grace and efficiency ; the head of the buffalo in the buffalo - buffalo and the human body can be reconciled only to that form of a Varaha which has been described ; in the demon !
All these forms are thus represented in some of the basic forms of the respective forms and are thus represented in the south by the extant dvarapalas or sculptures of the sculptures of the sculptures of the carving stone and of a valuable material for the development of God .
It is also reported that the Mahishamardini cave - temple was originally dedicated to Vishnu ; but later on in the same century Vishnu in the original form of the rear wall of the temple essentially composed of coloured stucco .
The narrow spots on either side of the shrine are thought to be फंसे appropriately फंसे and improved according to Saiva ' समर्पण ' in the original plan while the Vishnu front figured in the central cella .
In the series of rock - bas - relief found in Mahabalipuram and around it the cave - temple is not altogether the same as the महाबलीपुरम mandapam but other structures of the Rajasimha Pallava ( 700 ) generally known as the में in the north of Mahabalipuram .
The arched wall of the व्याल on top of the पैरों is covered by an arched की of व्याल called से by व्याल .
To the south of the mandapa are carved the front portions of two elephants on the चट्टानी rock face cut into relief the बीच one in the centre is a बीच pillar and one in the extreme south .
On the northern face of the rock.
Evidently it served as a rest - place for the यात्रा idols or यात्रा during festivals .
This is the name शिलालेखों found in the inscriptions .
A smaller replica of the तट mandapam is found on the surf beaten boulder to the south of the Shore temple in Mahabalipuram.
To the north of the temple is another larger rock called the Mahishamardini rock with a large lion face and Durga niche in its bosom.
In passing mention may be made of the celebrated two - storeyed structures of the मूर्ति group on the massive rocks of Mahabalipuram .
They are Arjuna ' s penance and the तपस्या तपस्या .
Tell them to raise their heads and stand united and assure them: They whom you fear are more scared than you .
The heroic impulse फूट itself in occasional वीरोचित and though he anticipated Mahatma Gandhi not only in his ideals but in his programmes he could not be single - minded .
For कविता in another poem written a few days later he is haunted by memories of the old days and springs lost their sister - in - law ' s घर .
ऋ how sweet he said when he gave me the flowers with his hands . "
In another poem he regrets that he could achieve nothing .
, I had a veena in my hand ; I had music in my head and who knew that the string could be broken up by the veena .
In the comparatively fewer Vishnu cave - temples dedicated solely as such and in the Vishnu shrines of other cave - temples the sitting seated and more often reclining forms are met with as the main sculptures.
The मुद्रा cave - temple at तिरूचिरापल्ली in the lower cave - temple of Tiruchirapalli has a prominent मुद्रा ; leaves in the विष्णु cave - temple and मुद्रा in the upper शयन cave - temple with शयन in the पूर्वी .
While the actual अवशेष or remnants of them are to be seen in the first two cases the actual अवशेष or their remains नष्ट whilst in the first two they are completely destroyed .
The extant शैव indicate that the art of की ( तंत्रीयुक्त ) was enunciated by a गुणसेन and that a great Saiva or शैव king and a disciple of नरेश was carved out for the benefit of the नरेश .
While the cave - temple at गुफा is thus linked to the above other temples by the presence of the शिलालेखों ; it contains within it a परिधि of a prince or a व्यक्ति ( परिधि ) in the same district .
Moreover it is also found in the Siva cave - temple at वीर far south . and in the cave - temple at गुफा near वीर in Kerala .
It also indicates the similarity of origin namely Pandya and a proximity of time .
The cave - temple at मंडप with a south - facing mandapa facade and an east - facing shrine inside on the western wall of the mandapa is noted for the remains of ancient mural paintings of पांड्यकाल .
The Siva cave - temple at Malai - था at शिव was excavated by था Muttaraiyar in the sixteenth year of Pallava पल्लव .
The adjoining Vishnu cave - temple also is perhaps a Muttaraiyar excavation .
These are examples of typical cave - temples with cell and front mandapas .
Similar other cave - temples are those at कन्याकुमारी . . . . . . . . . . . . . and भूतापंडी कन्याकुमारी near the last two कन्याकुमारी at Kanyakumari .
The cave - temple for example has a पोतिकाएं facade and only an entrance on the same side while the समाज ( चालुक्य ) are of a double चालुक्य type with an projected linga on the inside of the shrine and an entire animal .
The dvarapalas are built on the outer walls on the eastern and western sides a little behind the median east - west axial line .
The linga - pitha is often a structural addition though monolithic examples cut out of the same rock as the cave itself are known .
We have square sockets on the floor into which the square lower part of the linga is inserted and the pitha assembled round its apparent base as in the case of the Pallava cave - temples a feature starting from about AD 700 .
In लिंग and लिंग the linga is an integral part of the cave and is rock - cut as in the Pandya - Muttaraiyar examples .
The placement of Hanuman as one of the two गुफा in the cave - temples at गुफा recalls the similar feature found in the Pandya cave - temple at हनुमान near Madurai .
He स्वाभाविकता this form in Bengali and achieved amazing results .
As one may be seen in the case of आनिक Tagore selected an उपाख्यान legend of महाभारत which was associated with a महाभारत tale of the Mahabharata but made it the subject matter of one of the best minds of science versus the right of love .
आचार्य the के of मृत knew the mystery of immortality and had the capacity to lead the dead .
The gods were keen to know the secret and sent Kacha the little son of their teacher कच as his disciple ' s disciple .
Looking at this young and handsome Brahmin young bird देवयानी ' s daughter Devayani fell in love with him and requested her adoptive father to make Kacha his disciple .
Having completed his studies and learnt the art of reviving the dead Kacha comes to Devayani to bid her farewell.
This is the starting point of this short drama which is based entirely on the dialogue between the two .
देवयानी says to Kacha : देवयानी you have attained the task of making the most difficult expectation .
The knowledge coveted by the gods is now yours.
In most of the cases a stone image of the principal god for worship in the sanctum is लिए for example though it may not be an early cast in the Pallava examples by the last quarter of the seventh century .
The sanctum had a stucco panel or painting or a stone sculpture as a bas - relief on the rear wall rather than on the floor at the centre .
In the earliest examples of the cave - temples the गर्भगृह - बादामी as at Badami is relatively small and is enough for the pitha of the linga in the Siva cave - temple and for the image in others .
In all cases the back is rock - cut or monolithic and not set out separately and often the linga is also monolithic and shiny .
The invariably square linga - pitha has a projecting spout on its top to drain off the जल water and a लिंग is cut into the rock floor below it to collect the water .
This is again found in the Pandya cave - temples of the farthest south as found in the intervening Pallava cave - temples or cave - temples of the north as in the case of the intervening Pallava cave - temples or the cave - temples of the north .
As stated earlier the पाषाण on the floor of the garbha - griha are also found in the stone temples of the पाषाण Valley in far - off Java ( Indonesia ) .
The spout projects invariably northwards irrespective of the direction of the sanctum.
In cases where the sanctum itself faces north an optional - LRB - c - RRB - orders are passed that it is left properly .
He saw that the sky was full of dense clouds and he was lost in the memory of his predecessor Kalidasa a few days before he had composed his great verses which अमर the love of those lovers .
This poem written in the देश of ancient times was a new मेघदूत and it is clear that he had such confidence in himself that he could claim his talent with his country ' s greatest and most prestigious poet कालिदास ( Kalidasa ) .
In Santiniketan he wrote another magnificent poem addressed to Ahalya the legendary victim of divine intrigue who had turned into a stone by the curses of her husband .
What did you feel Ahalya asks the poet who asked me when you were imprisoned in the dark where mother - earth dwells beneath this बहुरंगी and coloured plane ?
Did you share the vast dumb love the earth feels for her children the patience and pain of the silent धात्री of humanity .
Did you share the sleepless vigil of the great mother the noise and turbulence the चंचल and cries of her unruly babies क्षुब्ध .
It is compact and has a terminal Nandi pavilion and contains a very rich grouping of sculptures of great architectural value .
The गुफा has numerous cave - temples : one collectively numbered as Cave 21 .
Each unit consists of a mandapa with simple pillars and pilasters carrying on the facade the Chalukyan - style corbels and the shrine chamber at the rear .
The rear wall of the shrine has a relief of Mahesamurti .
The लिंग is also a linga inserted into a monolithic circular pitha on the floor and in one case there is a rock - cut linga .
They may be cited near AD 750 in the early years of the Rashtrakuta rule in Ellora .
The Mahesamurti reliefs here are quite different in treatment and finish from the celebrated one at Elephanta and unlike Elephanta they are placed on the wall behind the Rashtrakuta linga in the main temple .
In the earlier Western Chalukyan caves as at Badami Vishnu and Siva sculptures were गढी out while in the later cave - temples they are about प्थक .
The former type of caves show among the female deities पार्वती Sarasvati Gajalakshmi and Parvati .
The later राष्ट्रकूट show in the Rashtrakuta caves with bas - relief of bas - relief sculptures of राष्ट्रकूट - उत्कीर्णनों though strictly in a few limitations while the Western Chalukyan sculpture forms राष्ट्रकूट in a more lucid way with less emphasis on posture and expression .
The profusion of such didactic depictions भरपूर richly for the diminution of the aesthetic trends of the earlier phase.
While the Western Chalukyan linga - लिंग are mostly square the राष्ट्रकूट - Rashtrakuta linga - लिंगपीठ as in Ellora Caves 15 and 16 and the गणेशलेना cave in are circular .
They are monolithic and form part of the live rock of the excavations .
The Chalukya - Rashtrakuta लिंग are of a different type .
It is only in the monolithic linga - pitha and linga of the Pandya temples that square circular and octagonal linga are also found scattered .
Here memory broods and pines in the deserted nook of departed joy.
Go and waste your precious time .
She realises that the happy memories of the days that had passed in the hermitage would haunt her husband .
They exchange their memories with each other and make Kacha acquainted with the fact that his father was prepared to teach his opponent ' s son without his intervention .
Kacha acknowledges the fact that Kacha is in love with her and recalls how she tried to comfort her studies and win her .
What is it that made you fetch water for me while I tended the पालतू and gave you some pet deer .
When the river ? over the दूब bank ? as if the eyes become heavy with indifferent eyes as if you sit beside me and sing songs learnt in heaven ?
If you had come to know only why did you slip into your coils a little फांस - किशोरी girl ?
Or was it all a well - planned strategy to win access to my father ' s favour . "
As an alternative sufficient rock material was left ऊपर initially at the top to be finished into a stupi at the end of the work .
The विमानों विमानों of these vimanas all confined to the विमानों seems to have continued for two generations after Mamalla i. e. 700 A. to perhaps the upper ones in the rathas of these vimanas as carving them .
Earlier there was a practice in the stucco forms of the principal deity inside the temple .
Since the temple of the vimana
Such general information of the basic elements of the southern temple may be required to be understood as the मंदिरों or the विमान of the temples that follow in this series will not be practicable to obtain their descriptions of the whole or of the original ones . "
It is not the superstructure over the sanctum alone as is often assumed by many writers and in a few books .
It is often accompanied by a small vestibule .
The earliest examples of the southern temple were of the unitary type consisting of the vimana single or multi - storeyed with its ardha - mandapa surrounded by the enclosure wall the prakara .
Subsequently a stage came when the only maha - mandapa was added in front of the ardha - mandapa and was well integrated with the main parts the prakara and the whole complex was surrounded by a single enclosure wall .
The circular से . or apsidal from base to apex or of which such a plan of the griva and sikhara is वेसर .
Though generally नागर square or oblong planning gives a purely Nagara form ; but in many cases the upper griva and sikhara of the kuta or simple or octagonal top of the chain of the aditala .
Likewise the विमान may have a three - sided griva and sikhara over the oblong structure को again of the aircraft .
Thus in this type of classification instead of the shape of the basal parts or structure the components of the griva and sikhara are really important .
The square hexagonal circular hexagonal or octagonal structure which has the sikhara that is domical and ends up in a single finial or stupi is called kuta vimana .
The oblong and उल्टी body structures with a wagon - top vault - like or inverted ridge - like roof or sikhara with a stupis on top along the ridge are known as sala vimana or विमान or assembly .
Arch
It belongs to the class पंजर or पंजर .
The hara or series of miniature shrines on top of the विमानों vimanas is woven into these three shrine forms ( miniature kuta sala ( or पंजर ) and panjara ( or पंजर ) .
They are placed over the corners and arms on the upper edges of the floors and are fused into a niches of longer height than the kuta पंजर or panjara elements into the मुंडेर or मुंडेर like the मुंडेर roof of the मेहराबदार projected in the छत .
Though the rudiments of the plan of the mandapa are to be seen in the remains of large rock - cut caves and in the remains from Nagarjunakonda their compositions in later stone and brick - temples of the seventh century were more pronounced .
In the Chalukya - Rashtrakuta series in the Deccan and in those that took after them the mandapa is of two types .
In the first case the central part is divided into a स्तंभों containing the peripheral round of small and thick pillars corresponding to the higher pillars .
The four central pillars standing at the corners of a central class with twelve pillars or pilasters in the same distance from them in the axial and peripheral row forming on all the eight bays of the central block .
The addition of twenty other pillars at the inner row and at the corners will increase the number of bays to twenty - five and make the mandapa a larger class .
The Pallava - Pandya series of temples and what followed them in material materials technology and tradition in the farther south elaborated the shape from the square to the oblong by emphasizing linear rows of taller pillars with wider फैलाव .
All this resulted in such multi - pillared mandapas as the hundred - or thousand - pillared mandapas .
By the beginning of the eleventh century the gopuras or storeyed gateways piercing the protective prakara or enclosure wall characteristic of the southern temples were built comparatively smaller than the विमान aircraft .
They are essentially oblong on plan transversely linear with the entrance at the middle and with a single simple or storeyed superstructure terminated by a sala sikhara with a row of शाला .
The hara at each level is similar to the oblong or विमान aircraft with a hara component .
Such pioneering work of making cut - out vimana temples was पथ by Mamalla ( 630 - विमान ) the विमान and monolithic aircraft temples were taken to different degrees of perfection .
The construction of structural temples was also built by his successors उसके . II ( उत्तराधिकारियों ) . ( उत्तराधिकारियों ) and perhaps by भी ( 700 ) and also perhaps by का ( 700 ) before he started in his early years , temple .
At the same time it would be useful to consider the eight miniature bas - relief representations of vimanas found on the same spot and the full - scale example of the विमानों cave - temple facade since they all would illustrate various forms of the southern vimana .
So these stone replicas would form a good starting point for the study of the south Indian temple architecture .
It is for this reason that these faithfully reproduce in many respects not only the various forms of legislation but also the minutest details of भागों fastening metal work and decorative design appropriate to the various forms of brick and timber .
The miniature bas - relief miniature bas - relief miniature bas - relief miniature bas - relief miniature bas - relief or प्रस्तर in the scene of Arjuna ' s penance at Mahabalipuram an ekatala miniature vimana with the विमान of the griva ग्रीवा sikhara and stupi .
नागर and square from base to finial it belongs to the Nagara class and is dedicated to Vishnu who is shown as standing inside the cella.
The reproduction of the parts of the wooden original is quite clear .
As in all the above cases the hara is extended over the mandapa .
The Dharmaraja ratha is three - storeyed square in its तलों and octagonal in the griva sikhara ; but the three storeys are intended to be functional.
Thus the vimana is designed to have three superposed garbha - विमान as against the non - functional and other rathas as also the विमान but the symbolic upper talas .
It follows the cellular mode of construction which consists of three concentric walled squares of increasing height rising one inside the other to the successive heights of the respective तलों thus leaving an intervening space between them .
The outermost wall rising to the height of the aditala prastara is however extant only in sections round the four corners ; the intervening open sides . each having two pillars and two pilasters all vyala - based .
The small mukha - mandapa on the west in front of the aditala carries a ham which in its composition includes for the first time the apsidal मुखमंडप or पंजर along with the kutas and salas .
The octagonal griva sikhara region has four projected nasikas on the four cardinal sides .
While the lower talas remain unfinished but for their exterior the topmost tala has a sanctum excavated into it that enshrines a सोमस्कंद form of Siva with Vishnu and Brahma in attendance carved on its rear wall .
At the rear two corners of the maha - mandapa is equipped with double - storeyed vimanas of the prakara with three doors projected from the middle into the south - west and north - facing west and three entrance शालाओं with a much larger and more raised tube .
The top of the mandapa is almost flat with a large multi - faceted lotus है the base of the finial cut over its centre .
Behind the maha - mandapa and antarala stands the main vimana भुजाओं with a square adhishthana square over its shorter sides than the sides of the platform below the upa - pitha while five detached sub - shrines are cut into the antarala .
The three smaller vimanas on the three cardinal sides of the upa - pitha are dvitala sala vimanas while the two at the rear corners are tritala kuta vimanas .
These five subsidiary shrines all round the corners of the rear two pseudo - dvitala kuta vimana and Nandi temple complete the eight subsidiary deities or the परिवार ones all over the main vimana .
The principal vimana is four - storeyed विमान or विमान .
The lower tola of the superstructure over the aditala including the sanctum is projected forward over the front over the antarala a gable - like projection called sukanasika a characteristic of the Chalukyan आदितल southern temples as well as of their northern prasada .
Though the talas are square the griva and sikhara are octagonal making it obligatory for us to belong to the Dravida class of the mixed kinds of vimanas .
The stupi now missing was not part of the का monolithic .
The walls are plain the pilasters carrying a simple दीवारे दीवारे shape and a vyala base .
It contains a Somaskanda relief as the main deity on the back wall of the temple the Kailasanatha complex at Kanchi is a joint venture of Rajasimha and his son राजसिंह III .
The main vimana is the कैलासनाथ ( now called the Kailasanatha ) facing east and four - storeyed ; the griva and sikhara are invariably square structures up to हैं and octagonal .
The aditala is double - walled and its moulded base is prominently offset on all the four sides and four corners for smaller shrines with cella in them abutting on and incorporated with the outer wall of the aditala .
While the adhishthana stands at the four corners square with four - sided kuta peaks the dvitala vimanas of the lesser dvitala vimanas on all four sides carrying rectangular planning the southern विमान west and the और
The corresponding one on the east is also oblong ; the sala superstructure has a passage through in place of the cella and functioning as a antarala passage to the main shrine .
The kuta and sala के of the abutting shrines are cleverly incorporated into the hara scheme over the prastara of the outer wall of the aditala as in शाला .
The cells of these abutting vimanas in their ground storeys enshrine forms of Siva .
They west north and north - east like the main sanctum .
The temple was subsequently faced with evil days until it became a protected monument and came to be used again .
Thus the खंड temple painted fragment mentioned earlier would be the earliest Pallava painting extant as found so far .
It consists of a four - storeyed main vimana with the topmost tala in all its तलों with the superposed garbha - griha to enshrine the three forms of Vishnu in place मुद्रा विमान विमान विमान and शयन विमान .
The triple storey has been achieved by a system of three concentric walls forming three concentric squares one inside the other with ambulatory passages in the sandhara mode .
The aditala has thus its sanctum surrounded by two covered circumambulatory passages the outer one functioning as such while the inner one provides access to the second tala .
The outer ambulatory of the second tala is surrounded by the parapet on top of the outermost wall formed by a hara of kutas salas and panjaras .
The innermost wall reaching to the top of the third - tier cella has likewise a hara of kutas and salas .
The fourth tala का a small bottom carrying the octagonal griva and sikhara carries over it the stupi of metals at its top four lions originally replaced by गचकारी .
The central bays of the aditala outer wall have small door - openings while the lateral ones have devakoshthas with figure sculpture the intervening recesses .
The bays and recesses of the upper tola have similar sculpture all in common .
The bottom and the ardha - mandapa in front are surrounded by an open narrow circuit at the level of the base of the adhishthana.
It is surrounded by a thin wall covered by a covered ceiling on all the pillars one above the top a high elevated platform with के base of the central building and a somewhat दीवार wall on the बाहरी
This arrangement when viewed from outside would simulate a pancha vadya as in the case of the Shore temple described earlier .
The most interesting feature of this temple is the fact that it has in view of a series of sculpture - LRB - in which the Pallava पूर्वजों - RRB - from the Chalukyan to the Pallava cave - temple beyond the पूर्वजों to the second .
The other temples of this period to be found in Kanchi . though smaller in proportions are interesting for their architecture and science .
They are पत्थरों . . . पत्थरों पत्थरों पत्थरों पत्थरों and बालुकाश्म temples built mainly of sandstone but are excavated at the base and top of the adhishthana while the platform for enhancing the upa - pitha .
The superstructure of the ऐरावतेश्वर is lost .
The Kailasanatha at Tiruchirapalli district is a larger vimana in sandstone and is much like the Kailasanatha of Kanchi .
It is of the late eighth century and is an example of the provincial variety of the Pallava vimana .
But soon after during the reign of के Second Pallava the cave - temple in the latter half of the eighth century was cut off from the bays of the whole granite of the whole and carved blocks of जिला as in the case of a few small temples .
The extant three - storeyed structure of the पाषाण temple with bricks is remarkable in this piles that all the three of them are functional the subsidiary ones standing and the reclining forms of Vishnu in the west are पश्चिम .
These two temples and the पत्थर ( South Arcot district ) built by large and handsome masonry bricks built over a stone centre confirmed the fact that brick - and - timber was continued to be provided not only after the beginning of the stone .
The ruined पत्थर - built temples at जिला ( district ) are noted for their fine sculpture and are examples of pure पत्थर architecture and art .
The Chalukya - Rashtrakuta series the structural experiments of the early Chalukyas are found confined to their capital ) ( Badami ) the adjacent व्यापारिक and व्यापारिक mercantile cities of Aihole and पट्टदकल ( all in Bijapur district ) .
In all of them soft sandstone of local fine fibre and quality is used as it could be easily used .
Before considering the famous and विमान forms of the temple of this series it will be good to consider some of the temples of the mandapa type which are the early temples of the series and early ones of the cave - temples .
The two temples of the नंदी group are mere mandapas with closed and flat - cut sculptures in front of them the outer Nandi - mandapa of a small size .
The छत is a massive building the torana essentially stands as a mandapa on a moulded adhishthana with four central pillars running progressively surrounded by two concentric panels of pillars of higher altitudes all of which have sunk into the intervening छत .
The central bay at the rear end with a slopy roof is converted into a shrine chamber with a plinth and slab walls .
Over the central पाषाण has been constructed an upper cell of heavy slabs with flat cap .
The inscription of AD 634 may not relate to the stone structure of पाषाण as has come down to us now though to an earlier structure called ईंटों consisting of brickwork to which the inscribed stone प्रस्तर was attached or in front of .
For judging by the components of the adhishthana and the wall pilasters and their developed mouldings one can only attribute them on comparison with the other evidence obtains in Aihole पट्टदकल and Badami to the first half of the seventh century .
The same is the same case of the present महाकूटेश्वर temple which is almost entirely a stone - built structure . from the date of the pillared agra - mandapa cannot be constructed at that time or more of the vimana .
The present stone temple later than the pillar would have replaced an earlier brick structure with an inscribed pillar in front .
The roof of the temple in the central bay was raised and there were slopy roofs all around ; the central shrine was usually of the हुऋ type as the मध्य Jain temple at मध्य .
Coming to the typical vimana temples of the Chalukyas of Badami we find that the earliest essays were confined to the outskirts of the capital Badami and adjoining महाकूटेश्वर .
The outer wall as well as the adhishthana below are devakoshthas inside the bays each on each side with niches carved in a niche recesses on each side having a prastara set on top of the smaller ones shaped kumbha - विमान .
The Mallikarjuna has circular griva and sikhara over - तलें the square talas and is hence of the विमान order .
The Sangamesvara vimana is three - storeyed ; it is the sandhara aditala ; the outer wall of which further forms the ardha - mandapa above the wider adhishthana and forms the closed maha - mandapa with four rows in each बाहरी .
The महामंडप attached to an open - pillared hall is placed between the northern side of the maha - mandapa .
The exterior of the wall has बाहरी and recessed alternately containing a series of देवकोष्ठों .
The prastara over the outer wall of the vimana and its front mandapa wall extension carries a hara of karnakutas and salas corresponding to the relieved bays below .
Above them the hara organ consists of ऊपर panjaras perhaps the first appearance of every third characteristic organ in the vimanas of the Chalukyas and their derivatives.
The second tala too which is an upward projection of the inner wall of the aditala carries a hara of four karnakutas and four salas while the third tala has four salas only on the cardinal sides over the front of the nasika projections of the griva and sikhara .
The भीतरी ends of the inner wall of the aditala are turned out to form the narrow front entrance of the mandapa .
The agra - mandapa has four pillars one at the rear end of the adhishthana with a raised छत roof .
The aisles of the antarala are continuous with the intervening two intervening walls surrounding the shrine .
Its basic surrender is uncertain .
The name Durga for the temple is misleading since it was evidently not dedicated to the goddess .
If the incongruous superstructure of the northern प्रासाद - type is not original the sanctum might have been either flat - roofed or might have been apsidal to the pattern of की and अर्धवृत्ताकार apsidal temples .
It is essentially a three - storeyed sandhara vimana square on plan from the base to the sikhara the two lower storeys being functional.
The kudu motifs on the cornice or kapota tier of the adhishthana have lost their original nasika shape and have become flat triangular reliefs precursors of the कुदु reliefs of the later Chalukyan and Hoysala temples .
Some of them relate to the dedication of the sculptures of different deities with details of their forms and appearances as shown .
In some cases details of various ornaments such as weights of gold and jewels the variety and quality of which they were adopted the method of their positioning the strings of yarn etc . are described .
The measurements of lands endowed are given to the fraction of the unit .
All this is merely an evidence of the meticulous King in matters of his great temple .
All these have been added later to this complex of which the last hero belongs to the period .
This magnificent construction of the Cholas began in बृहदीश्वर and from some of their innovations it was only incomplete to the creation of another Chola structure inside the twenty years and was also produced by the same Brihadisvara son .
The newly built capital . ( Tiruchirapalli district ) was chosen for the seat of this great temple with the title of the king signifying his conquests and successful expedition up to the Ganges .
The temple has only two entrances a gopura ( now shattered ) one by three - storeyed torana gate on the north .
However in the building of a dam built near the river in the last century a large part of the stone prakara with its three - storeyed gateways the मालिका gopura the मालिका the मालिका and the mandapas thrown into the main vimana and almost scared .
The vimana is of a lesser height and smaller dimensions than its predecessor and model at Thanjavur but the sculpture on the wall niches bold and almost cut - out in the round is perhaps the best .
This temple too is the veritable museum of sculptures of varied iconography that include some fine dance नृत्य .
Of the coeval main gopuras the inner one in front and the rear ones are ruined on top and the taller outer - front gopura has the characteristic squat shape of the period .
The series of temples of this later Chola and later Pandya were interrupted by a short - lived Muslim invasion and then अंतर्गत under the Vijayanagar empire of विजयनगर - पांड्य in the series mostly of stone - built vimanas with brick - and - foot experiments .
For example the पत्नी temple built by the Tamils for the consort of Lord विश्वेश्वर at Kasi Varanasi .
They were built in the precincts of or along with earlier temples that originally did not possess them though for example the Thanjavur Brihadisvara .
Assigned a definite location in the complex it is a separate vimana with a sala sikhara dedicated to devi as the wife of the presiding deity in the main vimana receiving equal importance in the rituals of worship and in the celebrations .
The temples built by or under the patronage of the Hoysalas in south Deccan and Mysore are of very simple तंतुओं dense and fine - grained soft क्लोराइटिक दक्कन or के which can be fine and fine carvings .
The temple unit in general has a vimana which is another mandapa .
It is not unusual to have three main vimanas on the three sides of a common navaranga in a temple unit ; it is connected with the vimanas by the विमानों while its fourth side is the main entrance or विमान .
It is planning as a class should be moved over its nails in such a way that its corners or its ends make a pattern of touching sixteen or thirty - two or more points in a circular circumference .
This star - shaped external configuration is made to extend from the upa - pitha to the apex of the vimana superstructure .
This incidentally provided a larger surface area for the होयसल prolific sculpture and carving for which the Hoysala temples are noted .
The superstructure is a scheme of close - set ham elements essentially of kutas . one behind the other ; each marking a storey the topmost one carrying a short griva and octagonal sikhara terminating in a stupi .
The middle of the front of the upper talas is projected forward as the sukanasika over the antarala below .
Of the many other temples built in those times AD 1150 in 1900 - 1150 is a set of similar vimana विमान dedicated to Siva both set up on a common platform called शिव consisting of two विमान .
Each unit consists of a vimana of a star - shaped plan with antarala and navaranga in front facing east .
Each navaranga has three projected entrances in a स्वस्तिक manner with the northern arm of the southern navaranga जुडती by the southern arm of the northern navaranga resulting in a common passage between the two .
The पशु of the two units are equipped with elaborate animal or narrative friezes forming their respective tiers .
The walls of the vimana the भीतर connecting the inside and the walls of the mandapas are covered externally with large sculptural reliefs of remarkable excellence .
The entrance to the मकर recesses and the shrine chamber is framed by elaborately carved over - doors with elegant makara torana शहतीर on top .
The upa - pitha platform provides a narrow open circumambulatory round both the units .
At some distance from the temple units there are two open - pillared Nandi - mandapas both asymmetrical and later additions the rear of a shrine .
The Kesava temple Somnath is a में example of one of the latest in the Hoysala series .
It was built in राजा by सोमनाथ a general of the Hoysala king .
It is a trikuta temple with three principal vimanas of equal magnitude facing north and south respectively opening into a larger and closed common mandapa on the north पश्चिम west and south sides .
The axial series is surrounded by an open court with a peripheral cloister of sixty - four shrines inside the prakara wall .
The shrines are ranged on the rear half of the cloister close to the prakara while the anterior half forms a continuous corridor with a pillared अर्धभाग .
The योद्धाओं of the adhishthana are exquisitely carved with friezes of men योद्धाओं warriors elephants की horses की horses की and हाथियों the topmost tier depicting episodes from the Ramayana and the के .
The wall niches have boldly moulded figure sculptures of gods .
The pillars inside the mandapa are all finely lathe - turned with gracefully carved उत्कीर्ण .
The main temple of this group is built on a high platform in सन् with a Nandi - mandapa in front .
It is surrounded by a massive wall .
The three sides of the square - plan vimana are primarily बढऋआ into five bays each with a central bays on each side further offset forward making a front - end of the main vimana .
भिइ high in other segments.
The griva too is abbreviated and less distinct and almost of the same width as the domical sikhara .
The whole superstructure is of brick .
बाहरी a closed square or ardha - mandapa connects the vimana with a large navaranga in front which is surrounded by a peripheral platform with an outer series of thirty - two pillars and a passage .
The most noteworthy feature is the array of brackets in the form of female figures rising from the capitals of the pillars the शहतीरों up the beams and the नारी .
Twelve of these are almost life - size figures of slender build and in graceful poses .
The rest are rearing vyalas their hind legs resting on elephants .
One such unit is at हैं .
The single vimana units called विमान or the typical example of which is the great temple at Palampet show variations in plan outlay and decorations .
Typically the vimana is connected by an antarala to a frontal mandapa with three porch entrances on other directions .
The mandapa as per the navaranga pattern has four central pillars which are highly finished and are decorative lathe - turned with basal and top cubical sections on the shaft with their faces sculptured and an intervening polygonal belt .
The pillars of the great temple at Palampet and in the triple shrine of पालमपेट are of black granite lathe - turned and highly polished while in the other cases they are of sandstone ( बालुकाश्म ) .
Similar shorter peripheral pillars over the वेदी of the mandapas as at Palampet often carry remarkable bracket - figures of पशुओं or mythical animals .
The three entrance - three - storeyed vimanas with three entrance . and mandapa plan at Palampet in the great temple at Palampet and at the same time in some other temples the भग्नावशेष of the Palampet and also occur in the भग्नावशेष of the भग्नावशेष .
It will help in the proper evaluation of the zeal and inspiration that the founders of Vijayanagar and their children .
This must have helped the Vijayanagar craftsmen guilds even in their initial achievement which was considerable enough after the stagnation which had come over the invasions and उथल .
The continuity of the phase of the development of the vimana temple in hard stone was not so sharp in that region as the hard stone as the choice and character of the far - off south spread as in the very early case of Vijayanagar ' s times .
The contemporary rathas of monolithic रथों In the seventh century AD . an inscription of कारीगरों gave a list of workers : a central architect ( धर्मराज ) धर्मराज ( धर्मराज ) and a stone by धर्मराज धर्मराज ( धर्मराज ) .
In the same way the Virupaksha temple built by the Queen of Vikramaditya II ( रानी ) has been found to be the most advanced design and disposal of the Kailasanatha temple brought from Kanchipuram and by him a few decades back in the Pallava capital .
( A . N . 1966 ) A History of South India ) Third Edition Madras 1966 1966 .
The अधिष्ठान steps leading up to the threshold of each door are made up of seven steps over the adhishthana while at the other end of each porch having a जंगला of a pair of गज . as found in the Hoysala examples .
The eastern doorway forms the principal entrance .
On the right turn of the outer wall is a series of pilasters with capitals complete and the बीच or torana types are niches of the kuta pattern in the middle.
These enshrine more than sixty sculptures of varied iconography or the special group of sculptures making the wall a veritable museum of sculpture and iconography .
This is an imitation in hard stone by the ancestor पूर्वज in his soft stone material .
Each of the six doorways is guarded by a pair of द्वारपालों two of the six द्वारपालों Saiva and two वैष्णव Vaishnava वैष्णव while the remaining two are Sakta शाक्त who can be identified by their attire and their characteristics .
The prastara over the wall carries on it the usual prastara component but the difference is that the kapota or the cornice instead of the single - flexed kapota is double the के .
Moreover the inner and the curved होते and the curved कपोतों are the भीतरी which are a imitation of the original wooden structure of the ancient kapota drawing string over the तीलियों wooden sheets and were projected to function as an eaves .
This delicate imitation is to be seen in many Vijayanagar structures as for example in the famous kalyana - mandapa of the विजयनगर temple in Kanchipuram .
Another remarkable Vijayanagar innovations - LRB - पाषाण - RRB - to show the skills that may have been accomplished on hard stone by their artisans are पाषाण of the stone - series which are carved out from the corners of the same cornice or the kapota .
The inner wall of the rear apse encloses the sanctum or the garbha - griha है the principal लिंग linga with a narrow antarala in front .
On either side of the antarala and with door - openings facing east together there is a single chamber on either side of the antarala .
In the southern panel is placed Durga in the दुर्गा and north - वाले as was the norm since the Chalukyan period .
The one on the south enshrines Brahma with his consort Sarasvati ; in the west Vishnu along with his consort Lakshmi and in the north enshrines में or Siva with his consort Uma .
Thus near the main shrine there is a पंचायतन complex of five subsidiary shrines viz. the गर्भगृह surrounding the sanctum .
The three door - openings in the outer wall of the rear apse each come opposite the three affluent shrines of Brahma के Vishnu and Siva respectively located in the south west and north respectively .
The अंतराल front has two dvarapalas one of which curiously enough is Hanuman while the other is sage संत .
The maha - mandapa in front of the main vimana is of the Chalukyan navaranga pattern . and its four central pillars in contrast to the greyish granite stone of the rest of the entire structure are polished shining black though of square section and embellished with panels .
The vimana superstructure of brick has a prominent sukanasika .
There is an Amman shrine vimana to its north also of the same type .
Its agra - mandapa of the Vijayanagar period is noted for its sculptured columns and contemporary ceiling paintings .
The most interesting painting is a panel depicting the sage राज a successor of शंकराचार्य Sankaracharya and संत of the Sringeri और being taken in a procession in a palanquin with royal honours and paraphernalia to the Virupaksha temple .
The hollow tall east gopura built of brick is one of the largest Vijayanagar gopuras and is later marked by शुकनासिका .
They conform more to the चोल Chola traditions and form a continuing link with temples of the earlier age .
The after - Vijayanagar temples in 1564 following the disastrous battle of युद्ध the fall of the central power and the destruction of the Vijayanagar city the capital of the Vijayanagar empire was shifted to वेल्लोर Chandragiri and finally to Vellore .
What may be reasonably considered to be the quintessence of Vijayanagar architecture and sculptural art as evolved in the southern half of the Vijayanagar empire is its unique example in the large Ranganatha temple complex in Srirangam .
It may be considered to be the precursor of or the model for the exquisitely designed and और carved Subrahmanya temple unit of Nayaka times inside the enclosure of the Thanjavur Brihadisvara temple complex .
According to the report of वैष्णव रानी on the basis of an inscription found elsewhere ( A. R . E . 1937 ) there is a belief made by some scholars that Vaishnava Acharya रानी established at वैष्णव temple at रानी in charge of the Hoysala queen रानी .
It is located inside the fifth south prakara west of the utsava - mandapam called locally मंडपम - रंगमंडप - मंडपम .
It has a dvitala vimana with its aditala built of fine grained white granite surmounted by a brickwork superstructure and agra - mandapas preceding the vimana .
The recessed wall spaces carry fully formed kumbha panjara motifs in the vimana part while in similar situations on the mandapas they are elaborately carved the so called भित्तिस्तंभ भित्तिस्तंभ that is pilasters carrying on top a panjara crest but devoid of the basal kumbha or पंजर भित्तिस्तंभ .
It may perhaps be a Vijayanagar renovation of an earlier foundation during the Hoysala interval as in the wake of the suggestion of में some scholars say : , not a stationary Hoysala example .
In this type each of the भूमि is differentiated by simple भूमि short दीवारों and recessed walls that divide the entire pyramidal superstructure into square tiers .
The top is crowned by a griva ग्रीवा and stupi the common one in northern प्रासादों as in प्रासादों .
The other structures standing inside the enclosure of the अहाते temple complex except the मल्लिकार्जुन and the Sangamesvara which are of the southern vimana type and the Sangamesvara which is of the northern prasada type are variants of the Chalukya Kadamba style .
Similar temples are to be found at में near Nagarjunakonda ( Guntur district ) .
This type became more common in the northern territories of the Vijayanagar empire as at Hampi .
Like the Draupadi ratha the temple in Kerala in its simplest form consists of only four organs instead of six of the simple vimana namely the विमान or विमान sikhara and stupi the भित्ति .
The prastara and griva below the ultimate roof are extinct .
The usual plan of the srikoyil or vimana is square or circular and octagonal .
For the mandapas and gopuras the मंडपों known as हैं - कि are more common .
The roof is further projecting over the wall a well - formed eaves - like कपोतों .
The larger vimanas have a double - walled or walled नाली with a sandhara विमानों or circumambulatory passage .
The circumambulatory passage round the shrine chamber in which the inner wall rises up and forms the second tala and carries on top a conical or multi - storeyed gable roof .
The circumambulatory has a roof at a lower level which slopes down from the middle of the inner wall and projects eaves - like over the top of the outer wall .
The roof or sikhara is of the छत or dome - shaped and the arms get on the sikhara with a stupi or छोरों with extended gable ends to be found in the छत complex with सलाकार .
nirandhara . - walled ekatala structure is devoid of a शुकनासा while the sandhara संधार - LRB - संधार - RRB - containing the एकतल passage in between ekatala structure of a plan has of necessity a शुकनासा as also the sandhara or triple - storeyed structure .
This विमान is due to the fact that the kapota tier of the tala prastara is defined in the southern vimana .
In the broad - walled दीवार pattern the hara के or के runs over the course of the दीवार as it is the case of a well - projected दीवार coming out of a convenient label of the bowels .
The actual water - proof covering is laid over the तख्तों in the form of खंडजे tiles or metal ( copper or brass ) .
The kutas salas and panjaras of the tops of the bays are covered by over - hanging नारी while the roof rises steeply down from the inner wall to the नारी of the female figures falling below the top of the wall .
The inner wall rises up to a further level carrying the four - sided domical ultimate roof or sikhara also of metal sheet , with a stupi on top .
The sikhara roof has four nasikas or nasikas projected at the middle of its four sides .
Between Rama and Siva shrines there is a third shrine dedicated to है or Harihara circular in plan and two - storeyed in its plan .
In the north . east and south the larger bays of the middle are sala types with a false door inside a makara arch torana .
The other bays correspond to the kuta and panjara norms - all the पंजर models - LRB - though in के - RRB - are similar to the smaller and more closely followed by sala sikhara motifs ( के ) .
The open court on the south of the देवियों temple has the सप्तमातृका group and as the symbol of these integral goddesses there is only a line of पद्म seat which is the characteristic of Kerala temples .
There is a small temple at के between Siva and Harihara .
The ruined pillared mandapa in the vicinity of the complex along with the eastern gopura superstructure of brick - and - stone torso is built in the style of Tamil Nadu with pent roof and पाषाण in the north of the gopura .
The srikoyil of the famous कृष्ण temple dedicated to Krishna is square and two - storeyed with metal - sheet gable roofs - as in the above two cases .
The roof over has been significantly projected forward from the wooden points profusely carved with four काठ nasikas projected from the छत .
The छत temple is almost similar to that of the छत on plan and double - storeyed with roof in two storeys .
The lower pent roof slopes down on the top of the shorter outer wall and the upper pyramidal or kuta roof cap the top of the inner wall .
There is a ढलवां - mandapa in front with a pent roof and a projected gable at either end .
The ताली temple near कोझिकोडे is a square double - walled square and two - storeyed shrine with its roof made up of modern tiles .
The Subrahmanya temple at सुब्रह्मण्य is another example of a two - storeyed structure of the गज class with a square . - mandapa and a transversely oblong mukha - mandapa in front all metal sheet - roofed and having a tiled खपरैल of a lesser height .
The decayed temple at जीर्ण and the one at के near Kozhikode are yet other examples of this group .
The comparatively modern मलाबार temple at मलाबार in north Malabar has its roof in three tiers the two lower ones being खपरैल and खपरैल while the upper one is made up of खपरैल and खपरैल and the ultimate apsidal roof are of copper sheets .
The दुर्गा or Durga temple at दुर्गा is now a total modern renovation of course in the indigenous style .
The stone temple of स्वामी स्वामी built in the temples of the adjoining तमिलनाडु of Tamil Nadu in the southern - style vimanas in the middle of the cave - temple of मध्य with a stone shrine of पाषाण with a superstructure like the later Chola or पाषाण .
Bahadur Shah Zafar i . e . the ruler of Delhi Akbar second son Abu बाबर Babar established by Mughal dynasty in 1526 .
After ascending the throne in 1837 he assumed the title of Abu मुहम्मद Bahadur Shah गाजी .
Little is known about Abu Zafar ' s childhood .
Where he was born the secret is still there .
He received lessons in Urdu prose Persian and Arabic and Persian and had military education at riding horse riding सैनिक सैनिक and guns .
He was considered a good archer .
He was a student of Sufi philosophy a Persian scholar शायर an accomplished and poet in में . two great poets of his age Ibrahim खां and Asad Khan Ghalib were their masters in verse .
The निर्वासन which were written at the time of exile are preserved in literature for its musical tone and warmth .
He did not like alcohol or tobacco and was fond of good food .
He married several times and enjoyed the entire harem of दासियों girls slave girls and maids .
His favourite wife was Zeenat Mahal whom he married late in life and who had stayed with him in the last days of exile and misfortune .
As a ruler Bahadur Shah looked upon the British of India as his subjects because under the terms of the Diwani of Bengal signed by his grandfather Shah Alam in 1765 .
It is different that the East India Company and the British Government considered him only as a pensioner entitled only to the nominal rulers who were entitled to a monthly stipend of Rs one lakh and whose jurisdiction was confined to the walls of the Red Fort .
Bahadur Shah was 82 years old at the time of the uprising of 1857 .
At the end of September when the rebels fell to Delhi he disappeared into the Humayun ' s tomb and later committed a sacrifice on the promise of British life .
The British protested against the sedition ने conspiracy . revolt and murder .
The evidence produced in the case was mostly irrelevant and legally invalid ; but Bahadur Shah was found guilty of all the charges and exiled to Rangoon.
His trial and निष्कासन were clearly a travesty of justice and were driven by a spirit of revenge .
Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru in 1946 wrote in the introduction to a book on the I. N. A. trial " eighty years ago another trial was held in this Red Fort of बहादुरशाह Delhi.
The trial marked the end of a chapter in Indian history . "
Nehru referred to the last ruler of Timur dynasty Bahadur Shah Zafar .
The cases of the बहादुरशाह Bahadur Shah and his cases have been so vividly interpreted by historians and politicians that it is difficult to make a clear picture of the important legal issues involved in the case .
There is no doubt that the British after the ' freedom struggle of 1857 preference to a mutiny or a rebellion ' the Indian subcontinent had become अंग्रेज and had all sorts of dealings with Indians .
They could at any time rule - LRB - in any part of the country - RRB - try to make any prince among the kings and pick up any of them from the throne .
He was given a undignified seat near the Speaker .
On his left was a loyal servant behind him .
He was sitting on the ground in support of जमीन .
At first he seemed to be quite alarmed and anxious to look at his face but gradually his face became भावशून्य and he wore a mask of indifference and spasm of the situation .
They declared themselves to be rulers of India ' s war against the बगावत and offended मुगल and offended the. मुगल instead of discharging his duties in Delhi on or about 11 May 1857 a .
He said that the court could hold a prisoner ; but he could not be convicted by death ; as Lt. General Sir आर्कीडेल Wilson had promised to give his life . before he was arrested and taken into custody .
The British Government wanted to crush the freedom of expression and crush any organised attempt to overthrow the ruling .
To punish those who raised voice against oppression and exploitation he took full liberty with the provisions of the Indian Penal Code ( Indian Penal Code ) the Sedition Act and Criminal Procedure Code ( शोषण ) .
Lord Curzon 's partition of Bengal in 1905 led to violent protests in Bengal and all over the country .
हिंसक and non - violent means were adopted to register protest.
In Bihar the bomb explosion of Muzaffarpur saw the beginning of a ruthless repression on an unprecedented scale following the death of two British women .
The British authorities caught innocent people and imprisoned them and tortured them .
There were four such editorials : " The country ' s misfortune " का " What does this mean?
It is an interesting coincidence that it was the same Davar who as a barrister a decade earlier in 1897 had appeared for Tilak .
In the meantime he had been elevated to the Bench and he ceased to be an advocate for a cause but a judge of the British court .
As Bacon has observed " When a lawyer sits in the chair of a judge he is another man .
Mr Justice 1908 was totally different from the man who advocated Tilak in 1897 .
There was a general atmosphere of fear and panic .
Tilak could not employ a senior lawyer for his defence neither did any come forward to defend him .
After Tilak ' s arrest his lieutenant Kelkar found it difficult to get even the papers of the case printed in the Bombay presses which feared offending the British .
In such a situation Tilak had no choice but to himself .
Six of the nine members of the special jury were Europeans two Parsis and one परसी .
” So you made an offence punishable under Section 124 - A of the Indian Penal Code and within the cognisance of the High Court .
" So you made an offence punishable under Section 153 A of the Indian Penal Code and within the cognisance of the High Court . "
Litigation ( 17 ) ; 1
” So you made an offence punishable under Section 124 - A of the Indian Penal Code and within the cognisance of the High Court .
” So you made an offence punishable under Section 153 A of the Indian Penal Code and within the cognisance of the High Court .
I wanted to bring the matter to His हिज ' s notice but I thought it was a small matter .
Gentlemen of the jury you will leave out your case .
I know there are certain prejudices against me .
I request you to aside those prejudices.
I decided to defend myself one of the reasons for this was the chance of knowing me thus .
I have spoken to you perhaps bluntly .
But I believe nay I am sure you will find nothing against me .
After considering all the circumstances you will make me innocent .
I am quite convinced that I am not asking you not for myself but for the purpose which I am proud to place before you .
This is the supreme object and I am sure the all - powerful , before whom we all have to lay down one day will have the courage to adhere to our laws and will help you to the right decision on this case .
The Advocate General then put his side to the conclusion : " I think there is no defence which can be seriously विचार although the accused took a long time to explain the case .
हुए the scene of anarchy before the jury he added " If in the eyes of law it is not sedition the sooner a man of such objectives would be changed to the better of all concerned. "
The judge finally finished his summing - up it was eight o 'clock at night .
He said " I ask you again to judge the accused by what comes before you as to what you have heard in this room and what you have read of the writings of the accused .
Apply your full attention to the articles which are placed before you and tell me what your verdict on these charges ?
There are three charges: you are at liberty to acquit or convict on all three or acquit or convict on any of the two .
The extremists who were also known as the nationalists formed a distinct group .
After the scheme of partition of Bengal was announced by Lord Curzon on 7th July 1905 Krishna Kumar Mitra wrote an article in the बंगाल संजीवनी and asked the Bengalis to बहिष्कार as far as possible the विदेशी of foreign goods .
It was the origin of the Swadeshi movement which was also known as the Boycott Movement.
विदेशी of foreign goods and clothes were lit in every part of India and विदेशी at shops selling foreign goods .
The government took strong steps like closing newspapers prosecute publishers writers and editors and arrested many young people in Bengal .
Mr Kingsford the Chief Presidency Magistrate of Calcutta true to his form pronounced his harsh sentence upon students local leaders and journalists who in turn decided to liquidate किंग्सफोर्ड
Kingsford was transferred to Muzaffarpur ( now in Bihar ) as the district judge .
The revolutionaries deputed two young men Khudiram Bose and Prafulla Chaki from Calcutta to Muzaffarpur .
They kept track of Kingsford ' s movements and discovered that they often go to the प्लांटर्स Club in the evening accompanied by their wife .
One evening they threw श्रीमती bombs as बम for a carriage of gold and silver while Mrs Kennedy and her daughter were leaving behind in the bomb explosion .
Whatever the young poet might have achieved in the field of letters his father Maharshi was adamant that his son should also accept his responsibilities as a man and as a son of a land - owning family .
Rabindranath could no longer evade his father ' s directive that he should take full charge of the family estates which were at that time spread over a large area in north - east Bengal and Orissa .
Much as he may have भार at this onerous responsibility he was later grateful to his father for having yoked him to it .
This teaching was not indispensable for the building of a hidden personality within him but in rural Bengal for the many years he had lived in it that his affinity with nature would have been strengthened and shared by his many unknown आत्मीयता .
It was a rich food for his poetry .
But even more useful was the intimacy he thus gained with the actual life of the common man of nature his drudgery and constant struggle against the indifference of nature and the worse indifference of a rigid social orthodoxy and of an alien political regime .
All this proved a blessing to Rabindranath ' s genius and proved to be a very successful writer ' s character in a few words of which he had been able to make the best of his pen .
Since these letters were not intended to be published for publication they were written with full discretion and with self - awareness .
Those of nature who loved most were space ( space ) and movement and the sky and river which made their heart happy .
After that I left my studies to Baroda where my brother Aurobindo Ghose was a professor at the बडौदा College .
There I devoted myself to reading history and political literature .
After staying there for a year I returned to Calcutta with the intention of preaching the cause of independence .
As I wandered from district to district I established centres where young men and women gathered and trained politics .
By this time I had known all the बंगाल in Bengal .
After reading there for a year I came back to Bengal to accept the fact that pure political publicity was insufficient for the country and it was essential for the people to face the dangers .
I intended to establish a religious institution .
By this time the ' Swadeshi ' and ' boycott ' movement had started .
I decided to take some men with them and teach them the group which has been arrested .
that you collected हथियार arms and ammunition at several places in West Bengal one year before or around 15 May 1908 including सम्राट रोड Road . ( रोड ) बंगाल - LRB - रोड - RRB - and the intention of waging a war against the King Emperor in India .
You will find that within a period of thirty - one years before or near 1908 32 युद्ध Road . . ( युद्ध ) in Bengal and in many places throughout India ' s investigation against the King Emperor of India ; you will find that the offence has been secret .
Eleven substantial legal objections to the defence and practice of searches were carried out on the evidence and witnesses .
All these objections were overruled and Mr E. Norton opened the case for the Crown which took him six days .
On the part of the empire the जिरह witnesses were examined and a number of massive documents were produced .
On 4 March 1909 the Government counsel concluded his evidence and thereafter the judge asked the accused to give evidence against him ; almost all the accused refused to answer the questions asked and the counsel merely stated them .
Mr Norton then began his argument which he finished on March 20 .
The defence counsel and the अदालत then addressed the court .
Mr C . R . Das pleaded for Aurobindo for eight days .
After analysing all the evidence Mr Das said " I appeal to you that the man who has been accused of committing the crime will be reduced not only in the dock of this court but in the world .
Once he has gone from this world his words will be echoed not only in India but across distant seas and seas .
Therefore I have said that a man like him does not merely appear in the dock of the Bar at this court but stands in the dock of the High Court of History . "
The judgment was pronounced on May 6 1909 after the debate of the second counsel for the पक्ष .
The learned Sessions Judge passed the sentence .
उल्लासकर घोष Ghosh and Ullaskar
Among the accused Hemchandra Das' s अभियुक्तों दास Banerjee विभूतिभूषण Bibhutibhushan सेन सेन Rishikesh सेन Chandra Sen . नंदी नंदी नंदी नंदी नंदी नंदी Chandra Bose is sentenced to 121 121 121 of the Indian Penal Code 121 121 121 121 121 121 - A and 122 to life .
The prisoners were sentenced to ten years' transportation under Section 121 A and 122 I. P. Malik परेश Sisir Kumar Ghosh .
The properties of all the accused will be forfeited to the government .
Asoke Chandra Nandy बालकृष्ण Hard बालकृष्ण Sushil Kumar Sen are sentenced to seven - year - old transportation .
Krishna सान्याल Sanyal is sentenced to one year ' s rigorous imprisonment under Section 121 - A .
All the remaining accused are acquitted and ordered to be released .
Send the record to the High Court for confirmation of the sentence of death . "
While commenting on the trial the Chief Prosecutor नॉरटन Norton said " The ring - leader was a young man of unusual qualifications .
In his voluntary self - acceptance he has made the whole blame entirely to his colleagues .
From birth to spite of being a European British citizen he refused to apply for a jury trial before the High Court though he himself refused to accept any admission - LRB - यूरोपीय - RRB - and declared his case " .
From August 9 the Chief Justice Sir L . H . नाइट ( नाइट ) and Justice की started hearing the appeal .
C . R . Das again took the responsibility of the prosecution for eight days continuous pleaded for his clients with great skill and standards .
On the basis of which Das argued it was an example of his vast knowledge of law and his vast legal qualifications .
Barindra Kumar and Ullaskar were charged under Sections 121 121 of the Indian Penal Code 121 121 121 - A . 122 and 123 .
For prosecution under these Sections he said " It is absolutely necessary to have the sanction of the government under Section 196 of the Criminal Procedure Code .
Complaints under these Sections can be made only on the basis of this admission . "
Das pointed out that the government sanction for the prosecution had been asked under Sections 121 121 - A 122 and 123 of the Indian Penal Code ; not under Section 121 .
There is therefore no sanction for prosecution under this Section and no legitimate prosecution could be filed in these cases .
He said " Death is the extreme penalty under Section 121 of the Indian Penal Code but since there was no regular sanction under this Section Barindra and Ullaskar must be acquitted of offence under this Section .
The judges accepted Das' s cogent logic and withdrew the charge under Section 121 .
He had been the president of St. Paul ' s and he had met King ' s College in Cambridge .
Both won honours at the University and in the final examination of the Indian Civil Service.
Aurobindo the prisoner beat the judge . in Greek and 5 .
After his acquittal on 6th May 1909 Aurobindo Ghose left politics altogether and ultimately settled down in Pondicherry which was then a French land in India .
There he set up an Ashram to work out spiritual salvation for himself and others .
Vinayak passed the Marathi fourth standard at the age of ten .
In 1895 he joined the Shivaji High School at Nasik and passed the matriculation examination in 1901 .
At the age of 18 he was the best of the Peshwa " The first place in the essay competition was held .
He was sentenced to two consecutive life - का which meant transportation for three years .
Their property was confiscated .
During his ten years in the Andaman Jail from 1911 to 1921 Vinayak composed poems spread literacy among the prisoners and dispelled superstitions from the minds of Hindu convicts और them to the Hindu fold .
In the Andamans he composed a poem called कमला which was later named Vinayak अंडमान .
In the first night of jail he wrote the poem ' The Great Bear and in his poem वीरोच्छावास ' मातृभूमि ' .
After his release from jail he wrote the story of his life in the Andamans : अंडमान निर्वासन ( my अंडमान ) .
In 1937 he was elected president of the Hindu Mahasabha at Ahmedabad .
After 1943 Savarkar led a retired life and in 1966 सावरकर died in his home .
Savarkar ' s trial The Hague trial was an epoch - making event in contemporary legal and political history before the Court of Arbitration vs. Great Britain before the court .
During his stay in London for five years he did not openly take action against British laws but his participation in political activities irked the British Government which was searching for grounds for action against them .
The British adopted a dubious method to suppress their voice and curb their activities .
Savarkar was proclaimed a fugitive an offender for his political activities by the Government of India and asked the British Government to remit him to India so that he could be prosecuted .
Savarkar who had gone to England as a student on a regular passport granted by him was prosecuted under the इंग्लैंड . Act 1881 .
The charges against which the British Government issued a warrant for arrest from Bow Street court London on 22nd February 1910 in an unprecedented कार्यवाही They were :
( i ) To war against His Majesty the King or to introduce war ;
ब्रिटिश
( 3 ) अस्त्र and distributing arms and हत्या the killing of Jackson ;
He was arrested in England in 1910 for the so - called speeches delivered in India in 1906 .
He was produced at the Bow Street police court on 14th March 1910 .
On April 20 the magistrate refused to release him on bail and Savarkar was transferred from Bow Street police custody to इंग्लैंड Jail in England which he was sent to India for further trial .
Mr सावरकर counsel for Savarkar made an appeal against the writ of habeas corpus and also against the decision of the Bow Street court .
The habeas corpus application and appeal were heard on 2nd and 3rd June 1910 by the Divisional Court .
The presiding judge upheld the decision of the Bow Street court and rejected the petition and the petition .
Again an appeal was filed in the High Court ; but Sri विलियम्स Williams the Chief Justice of the British High Court while upholding the judgment of the ब्रिटिश court permitted Savarkar to be referred to by the Special Tribunal to India .
Justice Coleridge who was in minority असहमति and held that Savarkar should not be sent to India but the majority view affirmed his transportation to India .
Savarkar was kept in custody till July 1910 in the British jail and preparations were made to send him to India to try his case against him .
On 26th September when the court resumed its appearance it was argued before the Tribunal that the case should be adjourned and Savarkar ' s petition against his arrest at Marseilles was sent to the French and British governments .
The objection was rejected .
On 27 and 28th September the Advocate General continued his speech .
After two prosecution witnesses had been examined the court asked Savarkar to cross - examine them if he so desired .
He added that he had left himself entirely to the French nation which was the land of liberty equality and fraternity ; so he would not take part in the trial .
Savarkar ' s counsel Mr Baptista also raised the point that सावरकर s arrest on French soil was illegal.
The court overruled all objections on 1st October 1910 .
The provisions of the प्रत्यर्पण Act were also considered .
Savarkar was asked to comment by the court and refused to say anything .
This sentence was remarkable for its political objectives in India and for its use as an example of injustice in Indian legal history .
After the trial decision Savarkar was transferred to the अंडमान Jail in Bombay ( where he was kept during trial ) to the जेल Jail and from there to जुलाई Jail where he was transferred to the Andamans on 4 July 1911 .
He was kept in a solitary कारावास but neither did he lose his self - control nor was his spirit reduced .
After a while there was a cry for Savarkar ' s release from the entire country and it was difficult for the government to resist the demand .
He was brought to India after the First World War in 1921 and kept at Yervada Jail .
In 1923 the Indian National Congress at its Kakinada session passed a resolution demanding the release of Savarkar .
A ray of hope was shown .
Savarkar accepted these and signed a Memorandum of Understanding and was released सप्रतिबंध on 6th July 1924 .
On the following morning between the 6th and 7th Savarkar swam ashore and then began .
Three men on the side of the ship helped the Brigadier in carrying the जहाज back .
On 9th July the ' S . S . सावरकर left Marseilles with सावरकर on board.
It seems that the Brigadier saw भगोडे jumping into the sea and swim on the shore .
At the same time some persons from the ship returned to the shore shouting and चिल्लाते .
Many people shouted at the beach .
After fleeing for 500 metres the Brigadier sent the ब्रिगेडियर to eat .
The Brigadier declares that he was unaware of the evil forces and thought that he was one of the crew of the vessel and that he had committed an offence .
Having seen the assistance given to him by a police man and two Indian policemen it appears that these men came after the arrest had been effected and their intervention was only auxiliary to the action of the Brigadier .
Mahatma Gandhi on his initiative at Meerut on 27 October 1929 met the communists in their बैरकों whose trial was conducted .
He spent two hours with the prisoners and told them .
I wish to come here with the present objective and demonstrate in my humble and practical way that the trial is wholly wrong in any sense that you can prevent you from coming to the Bombay without a proper place like the Meerut .
On 21 March Jawahar Lal Nehru issued a statement describing the arrests as' primarily directed against the labour movement and the Youth League .
He claimed that the government wanted to spread terror through these arrests and आतंक .
He sought to raise funds for the accused in international sympathy and support .
The accused were put down by the local police at Meerut and made arrangements for detention every two weeks .
As a conspiracy trial under the legal system prevailing in British India had to be preceded by a preliminary enquiry by a special magistrate it had a very delayed start due to the massive documents seized by the police in indiscriminate searches and seizures throughout India .
Preliminary Enquiry The preliminary enquiry began on 12 June 1927 almost eleven weeks after the , arrests .
And it is surprising that during this period traditional novels were produced in the following pages : i . e . i . e . i . e . the Grand Mosque of the Forest .
The story is based on the dilemma of mistaken identity which led to the exchange of the wives of the two wives and is said to be very smoothly.
Four months after the death of his daughter Renuka की poet suffered another grievous sorrow .
A young and promising poet Satish. Roy died suddenly in small pox that Tagore loved his son like him as a member of an idealist and Santiniketan his right hand in the years to come.
The whole school had to be shifted to Shelidah for the time being for fear of the epidemic .
Soon afterwards the father of Rabindranath Tagore the Maharshi passed away on 19 January 1905 at the age of 88 .
The marked personality of this remarkable and towering man was an era of religious and cultural resurgence of religious and cultural resurgence of religious and moral stalwarts who paved the way of the political conquest of India .
Henceforth political ends and not moral or intellectual ideals will dominate the Indian scene despite the great dreams of Gandhi and Tagore .
Lord Curzon the then Viceroy of India ' s swift thinking for his government ' s decision to achieve something in the last years which proved to be a tragedy not only in the zeal of the people but also the tragedy of the two major religious communities .
His newspapers were constantly preaching the ' साम्यवाद ' of communism and they made the youth of the country a poison .
The accused had engineered taken part in a number of demonstrations and addressed by अभियुक्तों who could bring the poor into the mysteries of class struggle and dictatorship of the सर्वहारा . "
The defence was represented by a number of prominent Indian lawyers . like K . F. Nariman , D . P . Sinha थे M . C . C . गुप्ता C . C . Gupta . of चक्रवर्ती .
The senior defence counsel D . P . Sinha maintained that it was the first systematic prosecution of the government which was being run by some men for certain ideas ideals and definite trust ; although the actions of those people were not contrary .
Another set of defence witnesses K. C . Chakravarty argued that from the charges enumerated by the prosecuting Trials of Independence counsel it seemed that the government was launching a case against the Soviet Government as much as against the accused .
He said " Thus in such a conspiracy case the only law applied was the law of the नेशन्स - LRB - नेशन्स - RRB - and the municipal tribunal as the district court of Meerut had no such jurisdiction . "
Most of the defendants did not exercise their right to cross - examine the witnesses of the prosecution make statements or give evidence on their behalf in the court .
Only three accused made specific statements in defence .
In pursuance of the Indian legal process the assessors rendered their opinion on 17th August 1932 ; it was only a judgement of opinion that it was not a legally binding decision .
And yet it may be noted that they found most of the so - called कम्युनिस्टों guilty and the so - called non - कम्युनिस्टों " .
After a delay of five months the Sessions Judge R . L . 1933 delivered his judgment on 17th January 1933 which was a judgment in law but subject to appeal to the High Court at Allahabad .
Of the thirty - one accused बंगाली Banerjee बंगाली बंगाली Ghosh and J . N . मुकर्जी Mukherjee were acquitted.
The president of the Bombay Workers' and पीसेंट्स Party had died during the trial of Dr R . ठेंगडी .
The remaining twenty - seven persons were found guilty and were meted out hard sentences varying from three years to life imprisonment .
Muzaffar Ahmad was the one to be sentenced to transportation for life .
Appeals All the convicts appealed officially before the कैदियों at Allahabad .
The appeal was heard by Chief Justice Dr Sulaiman and Justice Douglas Young who took only eight working days to deliver the judgment on 13th August 1933 in a case consisting of the magistrate and the Sessions Court four years .
The High Court judgment had divided the twenty - seven accused into four groups for the sake of convenience :
According to Muzaffar Ah - mad अहमद James was getting a fee of eight पारिश्रमिक per day and his junior J. P Mitter was paid a fee of five गिन्नियों a day .
In those days the guinea had the fixed value of Rs 17 and the court held its proceedings or holidays which the government paid such high wages without consideration of all these .
It was estimated that the government paid Mr James a monthly allowance of Rs सन् and this was a huge sum in the 1930s .
In March 1929 the British Government dealt another blow to the freedom fighters by holding trade union leaders with no intention .
Among the arrested were prominent labour leaders like S . A . D . मुजफ्फर . मुजफ्फर Ahmad थे S. V . V . R . V . श्रमिक and 29 others .
A meeting of the Central Assembly was held on 8th April 1929 to consider the Public Safety Bill and the Trade Disputes Bill .
Bhagat Singh and Dutt in के shirts and shorts entered unobserved and sat quietly in the दर्शकों gallery .
The trade - dispute ended and before the bill was passed by the president a great explosion followed the emission of smoke .
A bomb or a explosive had fallen in the central room and a completely dark affair .
There were सदमे from the women ' s gallery : noise below and people got over the first shock .
गयी ( a ) shouting गयी and , caused chaos all round .
Members rushed out ओर dashed to safety and women ran for safety .
Then two pistol shots were fired .
In these circumstances these youths must not be led to inadequate punishment .
I sentence Bhagat Singh and Dutt to transportation for life . "
No appeal was intended ; for it did not gain ; but with a view to utilising the High Courts as a means to propagate its objectives and to awaken the masses Bhagat Singh and Dutt ' s appeal .
The appeal was heard by Justice Ford and Justice की .
Asaf Ali argued it for two and a half days .
The public prosecutor replied to his arguments during the remaining half of the third day .
But in the meanwhile according to Asaf Ali ' s statement Bhagat Singh also submitted arguments on his own .
As was already known the appeal was rejected by the High Court on 13th January 1930 and it was agreed with the judgment of the Sessions Court .
While in jail he started in the court of the special magistrate called the Lahore Conspiracy Case ( Lahore Conspiracy Case ) .
But on the insistence of friends and relations he agreed to cooperate with a legal adviser to watch the proceedings of the Tribunal and to give them advice on cross - examine them .
He made it clear to the court that the legal adviser would neither cross - examine the witness nor address the court .
He agreed to Shri श्री Chand being appointed his legal adviser .
Bhagat Singh showed no defence during the trial .
For him the trial meant more to propagate his revolutionary ideas for the country ' s freedom than to save his life .
On 20th September 1930 when it was clear that Bhagat Singh would be awarded death sentence किशन Kishan Singh his father swayed by parental love and sentiments made an attempt to save his son from the gallows.
When Bhagat Singh came to know of it he was furious.
Inspite of all the sentiments and feelings of a father you were not entitled to make such an application with me without consulting me .
Jawaharlal Nehru in a public speech on 12 October 1930 wrote these words about the courage and sacrifice of Bhagat Singh .
Whether I agree to him or not I am full of admiration for the courage and sacrifice of a man like Bhagat Singh .
Courage of the Bhagat Singh type is exceedingly rare .
If the Viceroy expects us to refrain from admiring this wonderful courage and high purpose behind it he is mistaken.
राय Nath Roy popularly known as M . N . Roy was born in 1887 .
He began his career as a revolutionary and joined revolutionary movement in Bengal in 1906 .
He was involved in the Chingripota Railway Station dacoity case in December 1907 and also in the नेत्र Conspiracy Case .
She took out a copper coin from her miserable bag and placed it in her palm .
When she returned home and opened her bag she found a gold coin in place of her copper coin .
Then why did I not give my all my life ?
In another poem पति is a picture of a woman waiting at night for her husband .
This symbolism he elaborated later in his play The King which was published in English as The King of the Dark One .
The year 1907 had a full year of achievement and enthusiasm which had become impatient in public life lost its person in the depression of Calcutta .
Four volumes of his literary essays apart from his novels जन published in a regular and regular way on a variety of subjects were also published comprising mainly literature साहित्यिक and literary साहित्यिक ancient literature folk arts and crafts and tribal literature .
The analysis and the treatment were very serious and lucid and the style so charming that the best specimen of all literary writing was written .
Rabindranath was one of the first Indian writers to include in his all - India appreciation of the classics of classical से from orthodox and their place of honour in such a noble way .
In the meanwhile an intelligence report reviewing the communist activities in India had recognised that in spite of the fact that the police had been badly पडी Roy had managed to make considerable losses . "
Within seven months of his disposal Roy acquired many supporters for his views including leading Congressmen in many places .
It was felt that they could be removed from the political scene a dangerous enemy of capitalism साम्राज्यवाद and imperialism and a severe blow to Indian communism . "
Perhaps the Indian police had worked hard to capture a man as in Roy ' s case .
Within a few days after his arrival in India the British authorities had suspected his presence .
Despite the determined efforts of the police Roy managed to elude them for several months while at the same time making creditable progress towards the realisation of his objectives .
M. N. Roy was committed by the magistrate to Sessions on 15 October 1931 .
After many 1931 his trial in the Court of Sessions began on 3 November 1931 .
The trial did not take place as usual in the open court .
She was incarcerated in the jail.
It seems the government did not want to make any popular movement .
Roy refused to appear before the court sitting behind prison walls but he was forcibly brought there .
He demanded trial by jury .
The application was refused and he was tried with the help of assessors .
At the end of the trial two of the four assessors found him 'not ने but that did not prevent the Sessions Judge from अभिशंसित him and imposing a savage sentence .
The moral philosophy of the ruling power is that force becomes criminal when directed against him but that force becomes the instrument of virtue when employed for the preservation of the ruling power .
In other words the mercenary army of अंग्रेजों with the British in a foreign country.
But this weapon in the hands of the oppressed Indian people struggling for independence becomes the instrument of crime .
कबीलों bombing the Frontier tribesmen are नैतिकता of नैतिकता who are reading the moral lesson of those deprived people but any resistance on their behalf is an offence .
Instead I charge the British Government of India in the dock of civilised society as an act of अत्याचार aggression against one - fifth of the human population ; our land was in every way blocked our growth . "
इंग्लैंड the history of constitutional development in England he said :
The history of England teaches us that resistance and rebellion against the established authority are the motive force of political progress . "
He added : " Indians can give their country a better political system than the rusty British Constitution .
The first one being Hindu - Muslim खान second was Shah Nawaz Khan and Third Sikh - सिख Singh से .
The aim of the case was not to prove that they broke the oath of allegiance but that they committed murders atrocities and war crime .
This action evoked the sympathy of the entire nation towards the officers .
The Indian National Congress took an active part in organising the defence of these accused .
A high level committee consisting of Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru . Sir Tej Bahadur Sapru Mr Asaf Ali and others.
Two important historical cases were held in the Red Fort of Delhi .
Because of the legal issues of national importance both these cases had changed the course of political history .
In 1858 the last Mughal emperor Bahadur Shah Zafar was held in the Red Fort of Delhi .
It made a final blow to Mughal rule in India and established British supremacy .
Important issues of International Law were involved in the trial : Will a king be tried and whether such a trial was justified ?
Few poets have loved space as he did space above and below vastness that stretches beyond the reach of the entire senses .
Again and again he talks about the hunger of space and once he wrote : " रवीन्द्रनाथ "
In one of his letters he wrote: " As one evening as he was reading a beautiful English book he broke away from its जूझ definitions and sophisticated जूझ a little जूझ .
He threw the book on the table and as the night was far advanced blew out the lamp with the intention of retiring to bed .
As soon as he did so he burst into the room through a bright moonlight .
Tagore often came to Calcutta to meet his wife and children .
The family had introduced the " साहित्यिक " new literary magazine instead of the old ' Bharati ' s magazine .
Then follows the impress of विचारों on almost all his writings that were written by him - the landscape of anonymous ideas and the written literature in the language itself .
Similarly in 1945 another remarkable trial known as the Indian National Army ( Indian Army ) was held in the Red Fort .
All the other questions had become minor and even the victims of a sentence of death were blurred by the personality of the three men of India .
In fact it was not a question of law or judicial eloquence and ability ; though there was considerable merits and ornaments ; it was the case of the Indian people ' s determination and at last in the Indian will .
The three prisoners - of - war युद्धबंदियों and फौजी . बर्मा of फौजी बर्मा who were arrested in 1943 - 45 under the auspices of the Provisional Government of Free India under the auspices of फौजी .
The three officers were charged with waging war against His Majesty the King Emperor of India ; Lt. Dhillon with the offence of committing murder of Hari Singh धरम Chand धरम Singh and Dharam Singh around 6 March 1945 and the rest for killing them .
The case began on 5 December 1945 and went up to 31 December 1945 .
On 15 February 1942 when Singapore was conquered by Japan Colonel कर्नल on behalf of the British Government handed over almost all Indian prisoners - of - war Indian prisoners to the Japanese representative .
This laid stress on the strength of Indians abroad .
They then founded the Indian Independence League which met in Bangkok in June 1942 and adopted the proposal to form the Indian National Army and also to invite Subhas Chandra Bose to that part of the country .
After meeting Premier Tojo in Japan Subhas Chandra Bose had arrived in Singapore on 2nd July 1943 and had assumed leadership of the Indian Independence League on 21 October 1943 .
Provisional Government of Free India was set up in Singapore .
It was recognised by Japan . Germany Thailand and Thailand .
Japan agreed to hand over the Andaman and Nicobar Islands to the Provisional Government and thus the Indian National Army came to be known all over the world .
Thirty witnesses were examined on behalf of the prosecution in support of the charges .
If the charge of sedition was imposed in England it would have been a charge of acting against the king and the country but if the charges were levelled against a subject country it would be a different issue .
In the circumstances of this trial in relation to the question of enforcement of the rules of International Law the International Law was said to be an obligation not to the Tribunal ; and such a Tribunal could only give sanction to the rules of municipal and internal law .
In view of the circumstances under which such offence was so called the म्युनिसिपल acts were taken outside the pale of municipal law and were covered by the law of law .
The order and sentence passed by the court martial and the confirmation thereof by the Commander - in - Chief ( ii ) in this case was published in a communique which appeared in the Gazette of India Extraordinary on 3rd January 1946 .
It was stated in the communique .
The court has concluded that the three accused have been found guilty of the charge of war युद्ध while Captain Shah Nawaz Khan is guilty of abetment .
Immediately after this composition the play that came was प्रायश्चित प्रायश्चित which was quite different from its previous drama in its content and mood . It was written in prose by songs .
It is a drama not of feeling but of action full of strife and intrigue and the clash of interests although it lays great emphasis on thought and moral values which are in all Tagore ' s plays .
It was no escape but it was a self - renunciation an enthusiasm which depicted in the last scene of the play with a most touching and effective character .
The poet was at this time a mature stage of his career and it was inevitable that he should try his adventure with the intense experience of his life and with the Divine.
What is the connection of the soul to God ?
We must reach the truth with our terms and conditions .
These were some questions which the poet wrote for his most symbolic and most remarkable drama in English ( The King of the Dark द ) and published soon after in 1911 .
They were very different from each other and considerably different from the previous ones the central character in these plays was a young boy .
The Post Office which was translated into English as The Post Office was perhaps the most popular of his plays in London which was staged in 1913 with great success .
These claims are not confined to any particular caste creed or colour. It applies to all but since I consider humanity as a whole unit which is not broken up by such barriers and human rights are always victorious .
In July 1946 the trial of Kashmir . Sheikh Muhammad Abdullah was as important as the cases of other freedom fighters. The only difference is that Sheikh Abdullah was waging a war against the autocratic rule of a Maharaja which the British.
In the words of Pandit Jawahar Lal Nehru the popular movement based on real and strength often rises to men who shape and symbolise that movement .
So Sheikh Muhammad Abdullah became the living and outstanding symbol of the urge for the liberation of Kashmir .
That is why Sheikh Abdullah ' s trial was not just a trial which was the case of a whole people .
Or perhaps it would be more correct to state that in the final analysis this was the case before the Bar of public opinion of the State authorities who had tried to stem the flowing river of a great popular struggle . "
In 1942 the Indian National Congress gave a call for complete independence and for Quit India .
Of course you may have read a great deal on the Kashmir problem in the Press but it is not even a part of it ; as the parties concerned put it in the newspapers .
The problem has been set up by a local आंदोलनकारी Abdullah who is anti - state and communist and suddenly realised that he could not shake the Government by his friend made a minister and make an उत्तेजक of his intention .
Abdullah and some of his colleagues were arrested because of this action .
At the time of his arrest Abdullah was on his way to see his Guru Jawahar Lal and so Jawahar Lal ' s personal vanity was greatly injured by the fact that his lieutenant was arrested when on his way to sanctuary .
Jawaharlal Nehru . as he was and was completely overcome by this .
' Sheikh Abdullah was arrested under Section 124 - A of the Ranjit Penal Code ( रणजीत ) of the Ranjit Penal Code ( IPC ) of Kashmir for the offence of sedition under Section 124 - A of Indian Penal Code .
Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru went to Kashmir to give possible moral and judicial support to Sheikh Abdullah for his protection .
The Kashmir Government produced Sheikh Abdullah before Lala लाला Rai Sessions Judge in the court of Srinagar in Kashmir on 26 July 1946 .
W. B . Yeats who was present at the performance testified " The small play on the stage shows that it is perfectly constructed and conveys to the right audience .
The German stage version of the play which the poet himself had seen in Berlin in 1921 was suggestive of a fairy tale .
Writing of it to C . F . है he said : " I remember when I was writing it as my soul - feeling inspired me to write it .
Amal represents the man whose soul has received the call of the liberated path . "
And those who insist on remote कविताओं may be quoted a line of verse from Tagore ' s previous poems .
Where there is a deeper symbolism the play embodies the author ' s own reminiscent memories in which the poet wishes to be free from his स्मृतियों by a young boy रखवालों .
Tagore ' s second play रवीन्द्रनाथ ( जो ) has not so far been published in English and is really hard to translate .
This play is a living satire on the self - complacent self - righteous and unchanging हठधर्मिता of Hindu society and it has been preceded by a long and ruthless ridicule of its orthodoxy .
The central character in the play is the लडका son of लडका the elder brother of लडका who is the pillar of orthodoxy दीक्षित him in a faithful tradition called कट्टरता ' which is the दुर्ग of the order .
The helpless boy who is full of अदम्य curiosity and और is looked down upon as an incorrigible बालक and is constantly chided for his behaviour .
What is this set of songs ?
Even the उत्सवों sing and the उत्सवों runs their उत्सवों with the lower खेलों and participate in their games and festivals .
Ever since then there has been a tremendous change in the cycle and what Rabindranath Tagore had said about six to seven decades ago this is a common and self - evident fact that his generation has made no such difference to what it is known to him .
But Tagore was no embittered Swift who enjoyed अनुयायियों his fellowmen nor an impetuous revolutionary who in his impatience with old order would trample under foot the good with the bad.
There is nothing else to analyse the complexities of the social life of India and to some extent the character of Indian nationalism which spread on one side and the humanitarianism of the world .
And it is no less interesting than a novel .
As characters their final conflicts and outward conflicts are marked by deep insight and sympathy ; not merely विडंबना .
It may be noted here how this novel was written .
It is said that his chief character Gora विवेकानंद the title of the novel was अनुप्रेरित by the personality of Sister Nivedita . an Irish lady ( शिष्या ) was an eloquent शिष्या of neo - महिला .
Those who have read his writings know what a passionate advocate he was of the Hindu religion .
She was an orthodox Hindu than the Hindus and Tagore must have smiled often when she preached Hinduism .
Once when she was staying as his guest at his Shelidah estate she would insist when they sat on the deck of a house - boat in the evening .
And so began as to tell the story of Gora who wrote later on .
Gora is an Irish अनाथ whose parents were killed in the so - called Sepoy Mutiny of 1857 .
A kind Brahmin lady brings the boy to her house and leads him to her house .
If this composition is altered i. e. the amount of oxygen gets reduced or irritating gases enter the atmosphere then the air is said to be polluted and inhalation of this polluted air can lead to respiratory diseases .
Our air is being poisoned by the products that produce new technologies .
Air pollution is nothing new ; but the spread and severity of air pollution is the new issue .
There have been many industries nowadays in urban areas and rural areas .
Most of these industries spew dense smoke from their चिमनियों .
What is this smoke produced and produced ?
Industries require steam and to produce it fuels such as coal coke भट्टी furnace oil are burned .
Also the burning of air ensures the production of smoke and the colour of the smoke and amount of fuel that is burnt .
Where does this smoke go ?
Among the industries the smoke and ash are produced from thermal power stations .
Gora is said to be a wise young man of self - esteem and valour a proud and well - to - do wit and fame in Hindu orthodoxy as a powerful promoter of the caste and community .
In his crusade - the only true to which he believed is the Divine is ; he loses his most intimate and true friend and ठुकरा the girl who loves her and whom she loves.
Suddenly the climax of the story ends with the रक्त when it is discovered that Gora has a foreign blood and he is reduced to the test of his faith ' जात ' is out .
He has no place in the orthodox Hindu society which he himself had most supporters .
This realisation brings him to his senses and he understands the true significance of his nation ' s pride .
" I am really an Indian .
There is no contradiction in my mind for the Hindu converts Muslims and Christians .
Today every caste in India is my race and today it is my food . "
In addition to the global impact of air pollution human health has a bad effect on animals plants materials and materials .
The effect on human health has undoubtedly been proved that polluted air is very dangerous to human health and can lead to deaths from diseases such as lung cancer .
Air pollution is mostly associated with respiratory diseases ranging from common cold to lung cancer .
Both gaseous and particulate pollutants cause severe damage to the respiratory system leading to emphysema bronchitis and asthma.
प्रदूषित air irritates the eyes and some pollutants like lead tend to accumulate on the body at times to dangerous limits .
The rate of mortality is increasing due to pulmonary cancer which is mainly attributable to polluted air .
Carbon monoxide is a रक्त gas which when inhaled reacts with the haemoglobin in blood to reduce its oxygen - carrying capacity .
The disease is gradually progressive and death occurs due to heart failure or pulmonary tuberculosis .
Other serious dust diseases are the lung disease ( by inhaling coal dust ) फेफडों (
For reference their effects on pollutants and human health are summarised in Table 1 .
Table - 1 . Key Air Pollutants and their Effects on Human Health
Sulphur dioxide Industries
Effect of air pollution on domestic animals is similar to that of man .
In the London fog disaster of 1952 5 cattle died and 52 out of 351 became seriously ill .
In the same way the unknown number of cattle died or became ill due to exposure to hydrogen sulphide at मैक्सिको Rica in Mexico .
If the greenhouse gases increase then more heat will be trapped and radiated back to the earth resulting in the earth becoming warmer .
पृथ्वी warming of the earth will have severe effects .
Polar ice caps may melt in larger quantities and increase the level of water in the oceans which may submerge a large part of the earth ' s land - LRB - China - RRB - Egypt Indonesia Bangladesh and West Bengal .
The increase in the organisation of viruses parasites and insects in the hot atmosphere will greatly increase the risk of diseases caused by human beings .
Large - scale blindness would खतरा the fair - skinned people would become more prone to skin cancer ; the world ' s food supplies will go fast and the changes in global rainfall and ecological disturbances will become a common phenomenon .
Depending on the temperature the atmosphere is usually divided into four horizontal surfaces : धरती ( about 12 kms above the earth ) with all weather phenomena ( between 12 to 50 kilometers ) ; and an area of about 50 kilometers ;
What is this ozone layer ?
The maximum concentration of ozone is between 20 - 25 km .
It is predicted that the opening of the ozone layer and the results of the ध्रुवों at the International Institute of पब्लिक Canada at the International Institute of पब्लिक for Public Research डा Dr डा बेस्टेल will be the first cause of research on the light of low levels .
While the USA and Canada are facing a grave threat it does not mean that we should turn our eyes into a world - class problem .
Large - scale changes in the ozone layer will also affect India .
Prevention and control of air pollution control and prevention of air pollution is the need of the hour as both man and animals are endangered.
With the cost of air pollution the rising needs and facilities of modern life cannot be reached ; but if appropriate schemes are to be put into proper place industries can be properly treated and pollution reduced greatly .
The first and foremost rule is to ensure that there is no incomplete burning .
Smoke can be reduced by maximising the combustion i. e. by ensuring complete burning so that poisonous carbon monoxide gets converted to harmless carbon dioxide .
The combustion can be increased by reducing the amount of fuel and adjusting the ratio of air to fuel .
For example कोयले coal may be चूरा and then put into use .
Coke briquettes may be reduced to a small size and then put to fire .
Efforts are necessary at every level to reduce the warm of the earth .
The lifestyle in developed countries - has to be changed especially in the use of petroleum products .
जंगलों policies have to be implemented rapidly to prevent cut down forests as vegetation absorbs carbon dioxide and is no easy solution to protect the ozone layer .
Even if a ban on the production of क्लोरोफ्लोरोकार्बन - LRB - क्लोरोफ्लोरोकार्बन - RRB - is imposed with immediate effect the chlorofluorocarbons produced till date will continue to leave the atmosphere for the next 100 years .
Any such ban will not reverse the harm already done .
Therefore there is only one way to ensure that all nations jointly with each other take suitable measures to safeguard the lives of all living beings and to launch a crusade to protect the ozone layer from further deterioration .
Major Air pollution related to the effects of air pollution is mainly derived from the study of acute air pollution वायु
Reports and records of small communities and groups of people show how they have suffered or died of exposure to toxic fumes vapours aerosols dust and dust .
Some of the following episodes will help explain the severity of air pollution .
" Only you will make my life जीवन . "
This is love .
Fifty years of a rich and fruitful career closed in 1911 .
Although he was fully aware of the fact that a major phase of his development was about to come to an end and a new chapter had been born to the memory of his life he began to express his heart .
Nor are these memoirs a chronicle of events as in a diary.
He has himself put it in the words : " The memories of life are not the history of life ; they are the original compositions of an artist . "
The artist is an impressionable man and what he paints on his mind ' s panel is not what it occurs .
The strain over a series of fronts which raged for twelve years yielded excellent results though the strain had greatly influenced Tagore ' s mind and mind .
Even birds are not saved .
Birds breeding near पानी lakes have been known to be poisoned by aluminium which they pick up while eating aquatic animals .
The downpour of acid rain leads to removal of top soil followed by percolation of acid water into the lower soil and अम्लीय of ground water .
The nutrients required for plant growth are either drained or बह .
In contrast to this other metals such as aluminium इसके lead and mercury which are toxic to plants become more soluble and impair plant growth .
The net result is damage to plants stunted growth and increased susceptibility to patients .
Let us now see the effect of acid rain on inanimate objects .
Can stones be damaged ?
The sulphuric acid in acid rain reacts with the calcium carbonate to convert it to gypsum ( calcium sulphate ) whose volume is about twice that of marble .
Before that a foreign tour abroad had proved to be helpful and स्फूर्तिदायक .
Now once again at the cross - roads he looked anxiously towards the West .
They were never anti - West and in their most patriotic and introspective lives they had drawn inspiration and sustenance from the Western civilization and values freely with the culture of their country .
It was for this reason that in the beginning of 1912 he prepared himself for the third time .
Meanwhile the intellectuals of West Bengal looked up to the occasion of his great poet 's 150th birth anniversary by a high standard literary organisation of Bengal on 28th January 1912 under the auspices of the Bangiya Sahitya संस्था
Their luggage already on board had to be सामान from Madras where the ship ' s halt was ; then Calcutta मंगवाया .
Disappointed at this unforeseen postponement of his voyage he sought consolation and strength as of old by retiring to Shelidah on the bank of his beloved river Padma.
However most developed countries have banned the use of DDT and the like products .
An interesting event in 1985 comes to my mind .
About 200 people in the USA and Canada had to be admitted to the hospital after consuming their favourite summer fruit the तरबूज .
बीमारी - LRB - व्यापारिक - RRB - symptoms like fever sweating and बीमारी were observed in the patients due to contaminated fruit ( whose trade name is फल ) .
The chemical is prepared from methyl रसायन ( मिक ) the रसायन of which about 4 000 people died in the Bhopal gas tragedy of 1984 .
Fortunately there were no death cases in either USA and Canada and millions of कनाडा were destroyed for days together to save the people from poisoning .
Change the environment by digging egg chambers such as , .
Genetic control by renouncing the male पीडक पीडक from the X - ray to combat the female pest .
Dairy protein ,
धातुओं
फास्फेट्स संयंत्र फास्फेट्स , ,
Ammonia और फिनाल फिनाल फिनाल फिनाल
Iron mineral acids.
It is a well - known fact that I could not write English and I had no self - respect that I felt ashamed of myself for that matter .
If anybody wrote a letter in English to me to tea I could not understand how I would reply .
Perhaps you think by now I have got over that misunderstanding .
But write in English has made me an illusion .
On the day I climbed to the ship I fainted due to my frantic efforts at leave - taking and my journey was postponed.
But unless the mind is completely active one can enjoy full rest .
All I wanted was to recapture through the medium of another language the feelings and feelings which had created such a feast of joy within me .
My small volume of writing was gradually filled with समुद्री and I boarded the ship in my pocket . "
During his enforced recovery at Shelidah he composed many songs in which the devotional mood of Gitanjali was समृद्ध .
In Gitanjali the poet had dedicated his beloved Lord Shiva ' s garland which he had composed was गीतांजलि .
Suspended matter is present in sewage and most industrial waste water .
Suspended matter do not cause any harm but interfere with the self - purification ability of streams by reducing the photosynthetic activity of water - plants and by जीवों जलीय .
Moreover प्रलंबित materials present in the suspended matter can block and destroy fish shells .
The coal - waste waters which are black and opaque का the stream and render it unfit for most uses .
Suspended matter containing organic material during warm weather .
As a result solids हैं with gas enters the surface makes कीचड and floating कीचड mud .
गैसीय pollutants : This category includes ammonia free chlorine hydrogen sulphide सल्फाइड्स ozone and फोस्फीन .
Inhalation of considerable quantities of ammonia produces a spasm of the सांस and may even lead to death .
Many reports indicate that copper in about 2 parts per hundred million parts of water is fatal to पानी and similar species .
As metals are indestructible poisons their disposal into oceans may be highly dangerous affecting the production of atmospheric oxygen as well as marine life .
Electric generating plants nuclear power plants and other manufacturing units require large amounts of water for cooling .
The discharge of hot effluents from power generating stations may cause a temperature rise in portions of rivers or canals .
About 80 per cent of the total water required for the industry is used for cooling .
Nuclear power plants release 50 per cent of the heat generated to it .
शराब also discharge hot effluents which temperatures upto 60 .
The main effect of thermal pollution is on aquatic animals particularly fish .
Certainly it has lost many square metres of arable lands .
The sea - saline water level in this area is so high that it does not mix milk and tea .
It turns sour as soon as milk is added to water due to excess salt water .
The main difference between other types of pollution and ground - water pollution is that once the ground - water is affected it cannot be cured it cannot be treated and it is a भूमिगत damage .
While surface water बहा away the pollutants the latter cannot be flushed away from the ground - water .
As a result the effects of such pollution may continue for indefinite periods .
Pollutants in Oceans Many of us believe that the sea is too vast to be polluted by man ' s activities .
While it was true some time ago it is not true .
Many pollution problems that affect rivers and lakes also affect oceans .
The cumulative effects of pollutants affect oceans also .
It must be pointed out that nearly 85 per cent of pollution in the oceans has its origin on land .
Ocean is the last resort where polluted rivers along with their water discharge pollutants.
Since ages the ocean had been engaged to consume all the pollutants and transform into various materials of its own eco - system .
But millions of tonnes of sewage and industrial effluents dumped every day into the sea have changed its nature of self - purification and led to endangering of myriads of life .
Thor . during his expedition on the Ra II was aghast at the pollution in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean .
He saw dark brown lumps of tar - like material of the size of fine gravel in parts of the ocean .
He also found that the ocean water assumed a very dirty greyish green colour instead of clear blue leaving us with the impression of being inside a harbour amidst the outlet of city drains .
The coastal area and ocean surface are severely affected by oil चिकनाई and oil चिकनाई .
This is dealt in detail in the next chapter .
Plastic containers and other human garbage cause ocean pollution .
Owing to the heavy discharge of effluents from the tanneries into river के ( the main source of drinking water ) it has become a drain and is called चमडा ( river ) .
About हेक्टेयर hectares of agriculture has not become suitable for agriculture .
The problem is aggravated by the conversion of ground - water to saline .
The distressing condition of river Yamuna cannot be simply explained in words .
Delhi generates about 20 million litres of sewage per day and nearly half of it is discharged through open drains without any treatment .
According to a report by the Central Pollution Control Board the waters of the Yamuna before पानी become fit for drinking after treatment but after नाले it takes the form of a drain and becomes highly polluted .
प्रदूषित water is responsible for two - thirds of India ' s diseases and is sometimes led to epidemic diseases .
In 1955 - 56 the following cases of jaundice were reported in Delhi - LRB - 105 - RRB - patients in Bombay - LRB - मौतें - RRB - in 1978 and about 310 deaths occurred in West Bengal during July 1990 .
It is reported that Bombay alone discharges about eighteen million litres of untreated waste water ( sewage and industrial wastes ) daily into the Arabian Sea and the Thane Gulf the seashore becomes a dumping ground for solid wastes and industrial wastes .
For example metal अपशिष्ट once carried out by acids is now replaced by sand blasting in which no liquid effluent is produced .
For example very little water that is left after final washing in the textile can be used for पानी first or second washing while the quantity of acid is high .
कचरे of , कचरे Often concentrated wastes often low in volume are mingled with diluted wastes either for treatment or disposal.
है effluents can be removed from the water to considerably reduce pollution and the अपशिष्ट waste can be utilized either in irrigation or in other water resources .
The sludge from the tanneries may be treated in this method .
Setting up of Common Effluent Treatment संयंत्र Small industries cannot afford treatment plants ; their wastes can often be seen stagnating near agricultural lands or on either sides of roads where they release .
Wherever several industries are connected effluent treatment can be avoided by setting up a common effluent treatment plant .
Such common effluent treatment plants are coming up in Tamil Nadu at चमडा चमडा and चमडा where a large number of tanneries are located.
Bio - gas production - which we consider waste may soon be converted into property .
The Blue व्हेल of breeding in the Gulf - LRB - now nearing extinction - RRB - was starved for their food in the sea had been exhausted .
Most of the sea - rocks of the जीवों ( which are heavily sea - grass and sea - seeds which formed the food of many marine animals were also damaged .
Oil can also flow from ship to shore or from ship to ships .
बह of vessel or oil terminals.
Normally the spilt oil spreads into a circular patch ( द्वीपों ) but if the leakage is high it flows into a massive ' island ' divided by clean water .
The floating sheets of oil stretching several kilometres affect the photosynthetic activities of the sea .
Since oil is not easily biodegradable and remains as it is for long periods ( though a substantial portion of light oil gets blown up by steam ) it becomes a fine dump after a few months .
By another natural process oil gets बूंदें and breaks into droplets which sink to the bottom and form tar balls .
Formation of such tar balls poses a serious threat to marine and marine birds .
As has been pointed out earlier dumping solid wastes समाप्त the beauty of towns and cities and causes health problems .
Large - scale breeding grounds for diseases such as flies mosquitoes cockroaches mice and कांकरोचों .
Reports indicate that a cubic metre of कूडे could cause मक्खियां flies .
These flies which carry pathogenic organisms cause diseases such as dysentery प्लेग दस्त प्लेग etc . which are carriers of insects and other organisms causing plague as was recently witnessed in Surat in 1994 .
It is reported that about 25 human diseases are caused by solid waste .
The accumulation of solid waste is a mounting problem with no easy solution .
Unlike other types of pollution preventive measures cannot be adopted in this case .
A number of solutions have been suggested for disposal problems .
The current way of management of solid wastes is to collect the garbage from various parts of the city and to transport it to a city where it is either burnt or खाद .
It is reported that as soon as the bomb fell people rushed out screaming and पानी for water .
Their skin started peeling off and killed nearly 70,000 people .
By the end of the year the number of deaths reached मरने .
Those living individuals who have been exposed for years to diseases such as स्तन cancer cervical cancer मोतियाबिंद radiation cataract and diseases of the plasma cells invade the bone marrow and stop functioning .
Over the nuclear explosion tests not only radioactive materials affect the site of test materials but also a remote area .
Man has been continually exposed to natural sources of radiation such as cosmic radiations from outer space and sun ' s radiation .
Certain types of rocks and soil and radioactive gases also cause radiation .
Nuclear power plants no doubt help in generation of power .
At present about 17 per cent of electricity is generated through nuclear sources .
Radiation therapy should be applied only when absolutely necessary and still within the required limits .
Extreme care should be exercised in the disposal of radioactive waste .
Nuclear power plants generate three types of wastes : low level medium and high level .
So far the low - level wastes were diluted and discharged into the sea .
Now it is buried at fixed disposal points .
The treatment processes and treatments for fuel reprocessing etc made out of the कीचड mud is treated and stored in large earthen tanks.
High level wastes are liquid wastes which emit excessive radiations and cannot be released into the environment .
They are concentrated before evaporation ; again kept in a stainless steel tank with double walls made in the concrete shell .
Here the wastes are converted into solid blocks such as glass .
Despite rigorous monitoring and surveillance of radiation the safety of nuclear reactors is dubious .
Nuclear scientists conclude that within safe limits use of nuclear reactors in the service of mankind should be continued with constant monitoring the levels of radiation .
It is possible that by 2000 no one above ten years of age could hear general. "
- S . कामेश्वरन has so far been talking about various types of pollution caused by substances .
A peculiar pollution that has come into light during the last two decades is noise pollution .
While the effects of other types of शोर are reversible the damage caused by noise is क्षति .
Because of the high percolation movements the water is not able to percolate through the ground which is not possible .
The net result is drying up of streams lakes and ponds .
All these lead to great damage ; poverty increases and misery continue .
Besides aggravating poverty irreversible large - scale climatic changes occur. Drought hunger floods and misery become indispensable .
In the Nilgiri district of Tamil Nadu about भूक्षरण sq km has been affected by soil erosion .
The Eastern Ghats are reported to be a source of destruction .
The mountain covered by वनों forests has now become entirely barren land .
The Red Data Book ( which contains information of birds and animals ) indicates that 139 species of birds and 106 species of animals have already become extinct primarily due to destruction of forests .
Waste water can be used for agriculture and water resources after suitable treatment .
Most paper mills in India utilise their effluents for making paddy sugarcane cultivation .
औद्योगिक of industrial wastes and solid wastes .
Since our natural resources are fast drying up we have to tap alternative sources of energy .
For example electricity can be generated from wind energy which costs little and does not damage the environment .
Large plants can be installed for home fuel in rural areas for कोयला or coal burning so as to ensure a steady supply of घरों and electricity to homes by ensuring regular disposal of घरों and घरों of homes .
As stated earlier about 80 per cent of pollution is caused by the affluent nations who constitute only 25 per cent of the world but the remaining 75 per cent of the world have to pay for it .
The time has come for them to alter their lifestyle to make the world free .
She could wield the bow with her hands but not with her eyes.
As he was chasing a deer in the forest he saw a man lying in his way .
She asked him to move away in a rage but the man took no notice of it .
होकर she pricked him with the sharp end of her arrow .
For the first time in life I felt that I was a woman and a man appeared before me .
He asked the young man who are you ?
" I am Arjuna of the great Kuru clan " he said .
The princess was stunned.
He stood before him a mighty warrior whom every young girl of the age worshipped in his dreams .
Once a young teacher and a new Santiniketan visitor asked him bluntly : " You talk so much of God as of direct information ? "
After a moment of silence Tagore expressed विचलित : " I am afraid I have felt his presence on many occasions when I danced with a characteristic mood .
Many of these songs bear witness to the current crisis in his mind and the fluctuating moods he was passing through which he was now in a much more vague touch .
“If the heart were not meant to love then why would you fill the early morning sky with songs why this profusion of flowers why this profusion of flowers why these whispers in the air. ”
The poet knows that he will go even farther into the turmoil of the work and asks him in his बंधन words : " If you need to bind you so I have not yet been troubled by my own beauty ?
" I was going alone on my lonely path when the light in my hand went out .
Suddenly a storm leading me into the darkest gloom ; and now it is my sole companion .
I have forgotten my familiar path and I am खा I am quite ignorant of the fact that this night will reach dawn . "
At first he was happy and felt as though he was till then living on half the rations .
But an uneasiness crept over him followed by a vague but intense agony a premonition that a great disaster was about to overtake the world he loved so much .
However there were no menacing clouds in the political horizon and when the sudden Great War broke out in August .
How he saw the advent is difficult to explain.
To feel this and to tide over it is made clear from the letters he wrote during the period and also the witnesses of those who had met him in that period .
He wrote to Andrews : " God knows it is a मृत्यु मृत्यु ”
Later when the play was staged in 1921 in the presence of a dramatist one of the spectators रवीन्द्रनाथ their eyes and रवीन्द्रनाथ in English said रवीन्द्रनाथ this is what the old man has said .
Soon after writing the हुई Tagore ' s first meeting with Gandhi in March 1915 .
Having completed his work and won the war in South Africa Gandhi had returned to his country but had not yet made up his mind what he was going to do and where he was going to live .
He had earlier disbanded his Phoenix colony and school in South Africa and had sent the boys about twenty to India .
Andrews एंड्रयूज who was the link between the two great men had suggested that the boys might be kept at Santiniketan until Gandhi came and made his own arrangements for the asrama .
He was well here and Tagore had also come to love Gandhi ' s children as his own .
He found these children ' dear ' and ' very lovable ' but as he wrote to Andrews in a letter to him as he desired them they were not the children ' .
Though Gandhi stayed for hardly a week in Santiniketan and had not become Mahatma Gandhi by now and in the years to come his simple name he had a magic spell on the people but his personality had a lasting effect on Santiniketan .
Before he came here Tagore was not present here .
Tagore was a devotee of Shiva : he saw the sky and the Mahatma was never able to see .
These two faces of modern India one rugged अनगढ the other two equally luminous represent two aspects of Indian sadhana or realisation of life ' s truth .
Few felt their join impact more अनुभूत and understood their inner kinship .
In his own words what he has seen in these two forms : I have never met any person except Tagore in my life who is content with friendship mutual understanding and spiritual sympathy .
To live with them : to join them in any structural task was an honour which would be difficult to explain.
Indeed it is the greatest privilege of my life .
Side by side with the friendship of the poet I have had the supreme happiness of having such other personal friendship with Mahatma Gandhi .
His marvellous spiritual genius has appealed to me in a very characteristic way .
He maintained the relations of the best - known cultures and also succeeded in conveying the message of Buddhism to the remote regions through his southern प्रशासकों .
The rock - cut cave - temples or viharas ( stone ) - making structures near Gaya in Bihar are excavated by Emperor Ashoka and by his efforts they reached the western provinces and stone art .
They have been built originally of brick instead of using stone for stability .
This type of rock - cut monument and stupa are numerous in the Deccan Andhra and north Mysore areas where the roots of the Mauryan empire spread south or the regions where Buddhism and Jainism flourished .
This perhaps gave rise to the cult of the worship and reverence of the stupa which was essentially उपजी by association.
This area was easily प्रचार for the great stone component was the largest .
But contemporary literature speaks of Buddhism along with Hinduism and Jainism though they were more prevalent in northern India .
To the first संप्रदाय धर्म might have been identified with the Jains and possibly to that of the दिंगबर it had acquired deeper roots in the southern region of Mysore and in the प्रदेश region .
The प्रस्तर and large stone प्रस्तर and dead were worshipped several times in their memory and the worship of the Indo - Aryan pillars that were nurtured in their memory ; the मृतकों or the मृतकों or the मृतकों were worshipped .
The people believed that the deceased became the Stone and acquired divine yield : such references were also found in the texts .
This is a carved slab of चूने limestone of about the fourth century AD .
Perhaps it was once installed on an account and was probably there in a temple where it was worshipped .
Recent excavations in the सीमावर्ती temple at सीमावर्ती on the Tamil Nadu - Andhra border show that in the second century B. C. the linga and pitha were both of stone and were installed in the पत्थर temples .
The इमारतों temple at के any place where such platforms cult objects symbols and इमारतों were found in the temple places : the structures were constructed using such structures as इमारतों plan and style .
The only difference was that while the temples were made more stable materials like हाते . strong wooden etc . the plaster was good for them and the kind of painting and carving was made of stone .
None of these temples is available today in Tamil Nadu though the word pictures of such शब्दचित्र and दुतल्ले are found in Tamil Sangam literature .
Obviously these names indicate the plan and style of the structures
If they came to know of them they too submitted similar similarities between the Hindu and Jain temples .
From the point of view of architecture these simple temples were practically similar to those of the contemporary secular dwellings - once square elliptical and apsidal बहुकोणीय elliptical and apsidal बहुकोणीय - बहुकोणीय with timber and bricks .
Such religious and secular structures are depicted in bas - relief sculptures of early and immediate precursors on the early features and sculptures of AD - and Sanchi in the north and Amaravati and Nagarjunakonda in the south .
They have already been described as a plan where tree - temples or chaityas Buddhist stupas and Bodhi - बौद्ध in Tamil .
The roof of these square structures is found on a point ( छत ) the ceiling of circular or domed buildings ( छत ) the ceiling of छत buildings ( छत ) and sometimes they are constructed as सभा ( शाला ) .
The apsidal बहुकोणीय ( in front ) are available in many carved panels .
The evidence of literary details and sculptures and some of the excavated ones by some of the excavations ( for example the circular temples of Nagarjunakonda and पश्चिम in the west दक्षिणावर्त and the temples of Andhra ) show that the roof - washed structures are covered with छत .
Often the brick temples had more pillars inside them and supporting the roof made up of wooden beams .
The whole structure was built over a solid masonry platform .
The apsidal chaitya ( second century BC ) is wholly brick - built.
In the essay on the shrine of महादेव ( आराध्य ) the image of the deity in the sanctum is referred to as Mahadeva के .
The icon of the lord भुजाएं was of wood eight - armed and was installed on a stone pedestal in which the inscription was carved in AD सन् .
The inscription on a conch found at the same site also bears the same name .
The temple is built up of large - sized bricks with no भीतर pilaster markings on the inside except at the two front ends which are not original.
It was probably of the time of Vishnu . and was dedicated to Buddha .
The पलस्तर plaster was necessary for the चिकनाई even though all these structures were thick enough .
Further arrangements were made for painting a variety of which we met in the most celebrated paintings of Ajanta.
It soon improved and in the last four centuries of the millennium such temples were built all over the south from the Deccan to very near दक्कन .
They incidentally are far more numerous than similar excavations in the north .
It is a remarkable fact that these rock - cut or stone - built temples of the period though created by great kings and their patronage were completely ignored by the contemporary पाषाण .
This was perhaps because they were innovations that avoided the use of traditional materials of architecture and sculpture and as such प्रतिकूल against the cult .
Evidently it took them time to become acceptable .
The Pallava and their subsequent cave - temples at बीच and between them in the case of the Thanjavur region - LRB - Tiruchirapalli and Kerala - RRB - are much more numerous than in hard stones as the Chalukyas and the Pallavas the Deccan .
The Pallava cave - temples form a more coherent series and as such can be considered first .
The cave - temples of the बरामदे type are Mahendra . in the बरामदे cave - temples of सन - सन A. D. . or more shrine - cells cut into the rear or side walls of the verandah or hall .
Thus one or more shrine cells in the south or north - west mandapas are often cut into the lateral walls so that their mouth is cut into one or more shrine - cells one in the rear wall of the mandapa in the east or west .
Their design as all rock - cut architecture was necessarily designed to provide the complex sides of the " structural buildings " that were followed .
The cave - temples excavated by Mahendra are authenticated by his own inscriptions which are very often single समर्पणत्मक verses or strings of his titles .
Such temples are ten .
The so - called Vishnu cave - temple at मंडपम and the so - called पांडव cave - temple at पांडव AD में is dedicated to the Mahendra i - पांडव or cave - temple of के dedicated to the so - called Mahendra cave - temples at मुस्लिम .
All of them are located close to the Pallava capital of Kanchi and the port town of Mahabalipuram ( महाबलीपुरम ) the Pallava home गृह ( गृह ) in the North Arcot and South Arcot districts of the region bordering on modern Madras .
The गुफा or rock - cut upper cave - temple at Tiruchirapalli is the solitary one farthest from the capital situated in the तट on the bank of the Kaveri , up to which boundary महेंद्रवर्मन inherited the kingdom from his father पिता Vishnu .
This cave - temple is the only example excavated near the summit of the hill while the rest are nearer to the base of the hill .
The unfinished rock - cut cave - temples at अरकॉट ( North Arcot district ) and जिला ( South Arcot district ) are also of the Mahendra style.
The facade is on the same distance between the extreme pilasters with four six or eight columns and three of them with five or seven shrine - cells .
The pillars are all massive वर्गाकार square in section at the base of a short height and the top with an octagonal third of the median height .
They have curved ends with हैं sometimes with पार्श्वों open sides with a marking at the centre .
A massive beam is cut over the top of the धरन but there is no cornice projection or kapota the cornice below the cap .
In the earlier cave - temple where the गुफा - Brahma the गुफा for Siva and Vishnu are deep - cut plain niches cut into the rear wall the मुखाग्र dvarapalas are found on either side of the facade of the mandapa .
The गुफा at सियामंगलम the Vishnu cave - temple of मंडप and सियामंगलम and the सियामंगलम at Siyamangalam are examples of cave - temples with single shrine - cells cut into the hind wall of the mandapa .
The गुफा and गुफा at का are examples of cave - temples of three shrine - cells as at का .
The shrine on the ardha - and mukha mandapas on the side walls of the shrine consists of four additional cells five in the rear wall - standing three shrine - cells the बाजू cave - temple carrying seven shrine .
Just like this in the unfinished " cave - temple with four pillars and two pilasters on the facade and in the hind row would indicate five shrine - cells on the rear wall .
Thus the number and position of shrine - cells on the rear wall would correspond to the pillars of the mandapa in front each shrine - opening coming into either of two equal distances or between a pillar and a pilaster .
This along with the equal inter - नाभि formations are contrast to the larger central nave and the narrow lateral aisles of the earlier Buddhist examples followed by the contemporary and later examples of the Chalukya - Rashtrakuta series.
The facades as well as the shrines of the विष्णु , , , वसंतेश्वरम and the Vishnu cave - temples of महेंद्रवाडी and सियामंगलम face almost east while those at Mandagappattu पूर्वमुखी and Siyamangalam face almost west.
The मंडप or मंडप in this series is the only instance where the mandapa facade and shrine - cells face .
The गुफा and गुफा cave - temples at मंडप are examples with the mandapa है and the shrine - cells cut into the hind wall in Tiruchirapalli the eastern wall and the western one respectively in पूर्वमुखी .
In the गुफा cave - temple the larger mandapa with a single row of pillars and pilaster on a single pattern indicates the front and rear portions of the mandapa by a difference in the floor level .
This too is rock - cut and stands on the floor of the ardha - mandapa on a distinct plinth at a still higher level .
In the case of the Tiruchirapalli cave - temple an inner row of pillars and pilasters is cut very close to the hind wall with a narrow passage in between it and the wall .
The cell on the east faces west into the front part of the pillared mandapa amid the inner and outer rows of pillars .
This is not quite Pallava but rather reminiscent of the cave - temples in the Pandyan country for example the one at पांड्य - पांड्य .
Incidentally the गुफा cave - temple of Tiruchirapalli is the southernmost Pallava cave - temple nearer to the limits of the Pandya territory .
The Siyamangalam cave - temple has small relief panels of sculpture on top of the pilasters .
The shrine - cells or garbha - गृह in all these cases are empty and do not contain either a rock - cut linga or linga - pitha as is common in the Pandya Muttaraiyar and Chalukyan cave - temples .
The Siyamangalam cave - temple is unique in having small sculpture panels on top of the facade pillars and pilasters .
The two panels on top of the two pilasters depict respectively a dancing Siva or बैल ; perhaps the earliest बैल in Pallava sculptures and perhaps the earliest portrait of Siva and Uma standing with a bull in the background .
Mahendra ' son मामल्ल Mamalla ( पश्चवर्ती ) and his posterior पश्चवर्ती ( उत्तराधिकारियों ) पुत्र ( उत्तराधिकारियों ) II ( उत्तराधिकारियों ) पुत्र ( 672 - 700 ) and गुफा ( 700 ) followed the period in the first century by गुफा .
The गुफा and गुफा cave - temples are dedicated to Vishnu the , mandapam to Durga and the rest to Siva .
While none of the Siva cave - temples contain a rock - cut linga in the sanctum the two Vishnu cave - temples contain stucco figures of the deities now देवताओं .
The गर्भगृह mandapam of Durga has no sculpture of Durga inside the sanctum though the dedication is indicated by the name of the shrine entrance on either side of the shrine entrance as also by the name of the shrine - cells .
The मंडपम mandapam of Rajasimha the last of the series alone contains a bas - relief panel of Siva as Somaskanda with Uma and Skanda sitting beside him and Brahma and Vishnu standing on either side of the group .
Two more such Somaskanda reliefs are found carved on the hind wall of the mandapa on either side of the shrine entrance .
It seems that when पाषाण I broke the tradition of the wooden and brick - and - mortar temples and excavated temples in stone he could not reach so far as to change the traditional material used in the building of the principal deity in the sanctum .
For a few more decades it had to wait till the time of गर्भगृह I in the last quarter of the seventh century while with other innovations the carving of the principal deity as bas - relief on the hind wall of the cella .
In Rajasimha ' s cave - temple the पाषाण mandapam a black polished लिंग on the floor of the sanctum in front of the Somaskanda on the hind wall .
This indicated the commencement in the Pallava territory with the installation of a formless linga to represent Siva .
The space between them is equal but wider.
The kapota over the facade is still an चट्टानी projecting rock - ledge over the beam.
The only example with three shrine - cells is the Dharmaraja mandapam or गुफा Pallava ' s cave - temple at का where two lateral shrine - cells are simple excavations which are perhaps later additions without definite shrine front as in the case of the main central shrine .
All these cave - temples have only two pillars and two pilasters one on the गुफा facade the ardha - and mukha - mandapa partition where there is a demarcation of ardha - and mukha - mandapas as in the Ranganathan cave - temple the रंगनाथ mandapam .
The pillars on top and foundation of the pillars carry sculptures in between . and भित्तिस्तंभ while the pilaster is a भित्तिस्तंभ - like figure as in the cave - temples of रंगनाथ except for a single exception as in the case of the two monolithic pillars .
This cave - temple is the only example in which there is a pair of dvarapalas on either side of the mandapa facade .
The inner pair flanking the shrine entrance is in common with the rest of the temples .
In the मंडपम mandapam however there are relief sculptures of standing Brahma and Vishnu on the rear wall one on either side of the shrine entrance and beyond the dvarapalas.
In the गुफा cave - temple as at Siyamangalam there are small panel reliefs of two female भित्तिस्तभों on top of the pilasters of the inner row .
The last series of Pallava temples dated after AD 730 are small and less important .
They mark the decadent phase of such rock architecture in शैल .
The cell contains a flat bas - relief of Vishnu standing on its rear wall .
This and more or less similar excavation at the base of the larger Mahendra cave - temple are weak efforts as they are relatively small and shallow in size .
The गुफा - गुफा cave - temple the great son of Mahendra and the eldest son of Mahendra .
This was in addition to his unique invention of simple monolithic temple forms विमानों or vimanas . the so - called rathas and some well - known structures of considerable size and superb quality all confined to the great Pallava port - city of Mahabalipuram .
These ornate cave - temples that Mamalla initiated were mostly completed in stages by his immediate successors for two generations who also created a few more buildings in the same style and at the same site .
The mandapa facade has fully represented stone ; all the architectural parts including the beam on top of it appear as in the Mahendra - style cave - temples .
The prastara is fully finished with a flexed kapota or an eaves - like cornice projection decorated by horseshoe - shaped kudu कुदु .
It contains bas - relief Jain तीर्थंकरों sculptures on the hind wall of the shrine and in the niches on the lateral walls of the mandapa in front .
The cave - temples in which there are shrine - cells on a lateral wall of the mandapa may be referred to the गुफा cave - temple at मंडप in the southern cave - temple at Undavalli है ( Guntur district ) on the south side of the rock .
In the case of some cave - temples the Siva cave - temple at शिव - LRB - Tiruchirapalli district - RRB - and the shrine - cells inside the Siva cave - temple at . and the subsidiary ones round to the पार्श्वों mandapam .
Such a plan is not specifically envisaged in the Pallava examples except in the case of the Pancha Pandava mandapam of Mahabalipuram and the unfinished Cave - temple IV at महाबलीपुरम .
The cave - temple at गुफा in Kerala is a large excavation of a square chamber with a linga at the centre .
It has also a third shrine cut into the rear wall of the two shrine - cells excavated into either side of the मंडपम mandapam .
The mandapa - type facade pillar with a cubical base and top and an octagonal belt in the middle has a general rule while the Mahendra - style is in cave - temples often हैं .
For example in the मुखाग्र कुभं the कुभं kumbha etc . are cut at the top of the facade columns .
They are Ganesa और The Saptamatrika and और .
The Ganesa and the Saptamatrika cults would thus appear to have come into the far south from the Chalukyan region through the Ganga region before they penetrated the पल्लवों of the Pallavas.
These two are not to be seen in the Pallava temples till they make their first appearance in the structural temples of Rajasimha Pallava ( 700 - कैलासनाथ ) as in the Kailasanatha at Kanchi for example कैलासनाथ .
To the far south are गुफा . . ( south cave - temple ) . . . ( शिव ) शिव ( शिव ) शिव ( शिव ) तिरूचिरापल्ली ( निचला ) तिरूचिरापल्ली . ( निचला ) तिरूचिरापल्ली गुफा ( गुफा ) हैं गुफा ( गुफा ) गुफा गुफा .
The Saptamatrika group is met with in the cave - temples at , Malai - , हैं हैं के . . and और .
While many cave - temples dedicated to Siva have a rock - cut linga with a pitha in the shrine there are others where the iconic forms of Siva are represented as bas - reliefs of Siva on the rear wall of the sanctum .
The floor of the garbha - griha is often a small pit cut below the projected channel - spout on the top of the linga - pitha or image pedestal to receive and collect the जल water .
This feature is not found in the Pallava temples whether cave - temples monolithic or structural but is found in the Chalukyan area and in the far - off temples of the जावा Valley in Indonesia .
The Chalukyas and the Rashtrakuta cave - temples of the Deccan between the sixth century AD the Chalukyas of Badami and the eighth century AD leaving them effectively the THE राष्ट्रकूटों OF THE EXTRA - PENINSULA at the same time the eastern Chalukyas of गुफा from the Tapti and the northern ताप्ती
The Chalukyas of के were a collateral line that had independently started ruling the Andhra coast from the commencement of the seventh century under Kubja कुब्ज the intrepid brother of Pulakesin II and continued throughout the period .
The cave - temples are to be found at Badami ऐहोल Aihole . Ellora . Elephanta जोगेश्वरी जोगेश्वरी जोगेश्वरी जोगेश्वरी Poona जोगेश्वरी जोगेश्वरी जोगेश्वरी जोगेश्वरी पूना पूना पूना पूना पूना पूना पूना गोवा एलोरा एलोरा एलोरा एलोरा and भैरवकोंडा .
All these dynasties chose local soft stone sets as in पश्चिमी in Aihole and many other places in sandstone ( पश्चिमी ) पश्चिमी in पश्चिमी on the extreme west coast of बंबई ( बंबई ) बंबई near Bombay दक्कन and औरंगाबाद in south India .
The Western Gangas alone despite their Chalukyan affinities as stated before made a deviation in that they excavated into the hard local granite as at पश्चिमी ( Mysore ) .
The Eastern branch of the Chalukyas ruling from बादामी has followed a different procedure and design in the cave - temples of Badami some of the early Chalukyas of Badami and north Tamil Nadu and some of the Chalukyan systems introduced by the Pallava संबद्धताओं .
The Chalukya - Rashtrakuta domination of the areas to the west resulted in the upper Deccan affiliations becoming quite distinct from what obtained in the lower Deccan thus exhibiting two regional idioms .
The skills and traditions that prevailed for more than eight centuries among the local guilds of craftsmen thus continued in the generations that took up Hindu and Jain rock architecture and cave art .
They can move from a natural incline in front with steps.
The earliest and largest one is Cave III excavated by गुफा in AD विष्णु and dedicated to Vishnu .
It is cut at the most commanding height visible from the valley in front .
There are no Vaishnava friezes on the ceiling in the front mandapa of Siva Cave I while they are वैष्णव in the earlier Caves II and III which are वैष्णव .
The Jain cave - temple of a still later date is replete with Jain sculptures and है while the other three are noted for some of their bold wall sculptures mostly subsequent .
The cave - temple at में - LRB - early in Badami - RRB - on the basis of innovations and fresh standards ( by A. A. D. ) has been demonstrated that the गुफा ( mostly consisting of the seventh मामल्ल ( appear after them ) .
Of the two rock - cut cave - temples at Aihole ( Bijapur district ) one of which is dedicated to Siva is about AD 700 the other one after a short time is a Jain temple .
Both are excavated into the low sandstone बालुकाश्म and mark the latest of the early Chalukyan or Western Chalukyan series in their home districts .
In front of the shrine there is an inner आंतरिक - mandapa between two rows of four pillars each forming part of the circumambulatory passage round the shrine .
On the southern side of this court a smaller shrine for Durga is excavated into the आंगन .
It has a small cave - temple of Siva with a square shrine with a mandapa in front .
This cave - temple may have been built during the middle of the seventh century AD . while Ellora Cave 29 ( मध्यकाल ) is a large copy of this much so that it should be regarded as early as the last quarter of the century .
The जोगेश्वरी cave - temple in जोगेश्वरी near Bombay which is excavated into an almost underground low trap है is larger than the Elephanta cave but is essentially of the same type .
A marked area near the rock उत्खनन was isolated in three directions a large oblong mass on which the उत्खनन for the excavation were built .
On the east and long end a central महाद्वार or महाद्वार is carved with a mandapa on either side of which are carved in one of them .
The फर्श leads into an open court and the eastern facade which is an agra - mandapa with a higher floor - level front .
The main part of the temple beyond consists of a square मंदिर shrine surrounded by a pillared cloister with six pillars on each side counting the हुआ corner .
This is surrounded by a pillared cloister with a lower floor - level mandapa surrounded by the rock walls on all sides except for one or three entrances in the east and the south .
On the western side there is another agra - mandapa similar to the agra - mandapa in the west coast leading out and forward from a tunnel to the road .
On the southern side the main mandapa comes from its three entrance wherein the intermediary is an excellent door around the gate and two at the front entrance . can be approached in an enlarged two - pillared open on the facade .
Outside it is a narrow open court .
The rock wall beyond has incomplete or abandoned excavations of और a smaller size of which the ultimate end is dedicated to Siva .
The original dedication of the main sanctum was to Siva though the shrine has now a modern image of the goddess .
In worship the गुफा ( or पांचालेश्वर ) cave on the जंगली Maharaj Road is cut into a low trap rock and in such a way that it has three shrines all together with a single round agra - mandapa and a side shrine for Durga .
The three shrine - cells were perhaps dedicated to the Hindu trinity the central one to Siva and the lateral ones to Brahma and Vishnu in the vicinity .
All these signs indicate that it would have been built during the eighth century in the Rashtrakuta period .
The group of two adjacent cave - temples at गोवा in Goa is a rare instance of excavation into the local शैल ( पश्चिमी ) rock in the west near a river .
One of them the southern cave - temple is a triple - celled unit containing in each unit a linga mounted on a rock - cut back .
The linga forms in symbolic aspect differ from one another and represent three different gods .
The central linga is a normal Chalukyan - type linga ; in the southern cella a linga shaft surmounted by a solar disc representing Surya or the sun - god with an inscription below .
The linga shaft in the northern cell is surmounted by a flat spear - head or " लिंग indicating that it represents Kumara or Kartikeya .
The most outstanding feature of the rock - cut cave art has been the dominance of sculpture over architecture .
The reason for this was the softness of the stone material and the growing use of the places : the results were on a large scale as at Ajanta Ellora and Badami .
The देवता forms are often described in narrative or या form .
They vary from very large - sized individual figures as the dvarapalas Mahesamurti Mahesamurti etc. to almost the size of उत्कीर्णनों .
Though the linga - pitha of Siva with its characteristic linga - pitha called लिंग is not carved out as part of the early stages of the Pallava cave - LRB - गुफा - RRB - in the early stages of the Pallava cave - Chola - LRB - RRB - LRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - LRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - LRB - LRB - LRB - LRB - particularly in the latter forming themselves as they are not securely excavated into
But in the north of the Tamil country in the Chalukya - Rashtrakuta cave - temples the presence of the rock - cut linga - pitha though not always along with the linga on it would suggest a continuity of pre - existing trends in the region .
These with similar discoveries from the लिंग ( लिंग ) connect the founder of the पाशुपत - पाशुपत . and refer to the gradual extension of the southern and linga cult to the eighth century AD in Tamil Nadu .
The iconographic forms seen in the Badami group include among Vaishnava forms . Varaha में Narasimha Anantasayin कृष्णलीला Narasimha Anantasayin कृष्णलीला कृष्णलीला कृष्णलीला कृष्णलीला कृष्णलीला Vishnu and Krishna - कृष्णलीला .
The Siva forms are tandava हैं Harihara and हैं .
Among the others are Ganesa Kartikeya महिषमर्दिनी Durga and Mahishamardini .
At Aihole ( रावलगुडी or निधियां ) we have Varaha Harihara . गंगाधर गंगाधर गंगाधर गंगाधर गंगाधर Mahishamardini and two funds .
The एलोरा at Ellora depicts also the एलोरा or six - fold cult of Surya Vishnu के Siva Kartikeya Ganesa and Durga .
The mandapa facade has on top a fully formed kapota with है as in the Mamalla - style cave - temples of the Pallavas.
The pillars are square in section and of the Chalukyan pattern as found in the cave - temples on the banks of the Krishna .
In some the pillars have lion shapes on top and are also lion - based with top components above as in the Mamalla - style cave - temples .
The shrine entrances are plain and without over - doors .
These mixed features and other features उपस्थिति along with the bas - relief sculptures of Brahma and Vishnu in the mandapa the eighth century AD उपस्थिति for the sex in the मंडप temple and the presence and rock - cut Nandi of other sculptures like नंदी and Lord Ganesha .
They are in fact large sculptures of architectural models carved out of the rock masses of Mahabalipuram.
The germ of the idea of cutting out an entire temple form lies in the carved - out stupas inside the rock - cut chaitya halls of western India .
The idea was further elaborated by the Buddhists in the large hypaethral stupa forms at बौद्धों Visakhapatnam district Andhra Pradesh .
The " विमान " or more storeys ( that could be up to sixteen ) are called " the main vimana " in the Silpa texts .
The Great Brihadisvara vimana at Thanjavur is a case in which the विमान - LRB - विमान - RRB - exceeding 60 metres .
The most characteristic and general feature of the southern vimana is the presence of a miniature shrine like the विमान on each storey above its periphery and of the " structures or " हर्म्य " of miniature shrines like the vimana " .
They are Nandis or में in Siva temples lions in Devi शिव विष्णु विष्णु Vishnu or Jain temples ; and so on in Vishnu temples .
This became an invariable feature of the southern temples from this period .
Thus the communal identity and type of the consecration of a temple can also be seen from a distance from the वाहनों or " वाहनों " on the topmost tala .
According to the नागर - sided polygonal or नागर southern vimanas are classified in the southern Silpa and Agama texts as Nagara विमानों and वेसर .
That which is hexagonal or octagonal from the base to the finial or has a hexagonal or octagonal griva and sikhara is termed हैं .
They are called विमान because they are smaller than similar projections from the sides of the main griva sikhara part of the vimana since they are designated as विमान on the top of the vimana .
It may be seen that the hara of most cave - temples of the Mamalla - style is only a single string of rectangular metals only known at the end of each line i. e. at the corners and for the first time they were found in the ones cave - temple .
The karnakutas at each end and at the corners while most of the विमानों are found in the same rock vimanas the third element of defeat सहदेव or skeleton visible in the second half of the Dharmaraja ratha II.
Though this is not repeated in the structural aspects of the first विमानों second or third विमानों of the Chalukyas and the Pallavas the विमानों appears as an invariable constituent of the larger Jati and main vimanas from the eighth century onwards .
The ham may be narrow apart from the central हर्म्य of the tala that it surrounds leaving as in the Dharmaraja ratha where all the talas are intended to be functional .
This design of the दीवारों hara was possible only in the case of such vimanas where the sanctum was sandhara or double - walled with a circumambulatory passage between the two walls rising to such heights that the inner wall was raised to such a height .
Though some of such aircraft may be constructed with विमान and subsequent विमानों in all cases of the main class vimanas tend to be the result of the overall expansion of the plan and massive short - storeyed भवन in comparison to the height .
The third variant would be the one with the addition of a flexed kapota or cornice below the पट्टिका area .
कुमुद or कुमुद may be placed over a series of lotus petals shown as spread over the कमल .
While the unitary type of the southern temple in its simplest form consisted merely of the vimana proper enclosing the garbha - griha with a porch - like antarala or ardha - mandapa with the growth of the Agama and rituals elaboration .
बाह्य such as the maha - mandapa mukha - mandapas agra - mandapas agra - mandapas agra - mandapas agra - mandapas agra - mandapas etc . were also added. बाह्य and the sabha - mandapas also began to be constructed on the outer circumference .
The mandapas of the southern temples are all flat - roofed however long or large they may be .
Occasionally one finds them slopy - roofed if the local climatic conditions are necessary particularly for instance on the west coast and the extreme tip of the Peninsula .
It is in sharp contrast to what obtains in the northern - Indian prasada temples whether in Orissa or central India .
The pillars are invariably found rising or tiered superstructures terminating in a finial over the roofs of the mandapa in the axial or transverse line of the main vimana .
The two bas - relief replicas in miniature on either flank of the facade of the Ramanuja mandapa cave - temple are likewise ekatala Nagara forms but with their cella is empty .
Their adhishthana stands over a larger moulded moulded moulded pedestal called विमान and often added to the design ( design ) to elevate the height of the vimana .
A similar bas - relief miniature of an ekatala vimana of a hexagonal section from base to apex is depicted inside the front sikhara arch of the apsidal नकुल - Sahadeva की .
This with a uniform polygonal plan from base to apex would conform to the pure Dravida class of southern vimanas as described in the texts .
The representation of a dvitala or pure विमानों vimanas with विमानों and स्तंभ appearance based on the top of the विमानों
The महाबलीपुरम cave - temple at Mahabalipuram is different from the other rock type of rock - cut type of rock - cut type of rock - cut cave - temple complex with only three concentric units showing the front mandapa component .
The entrances of the three vimana fronts are guarded by appropriate विमानों figures carved inside the niches .
It is inside a niche placed over the moulded adhishthana having a flight of steps in front as in the adjoining है shrine .
The five rathas at the southern end of Mahabalipuram comprise a group by themselves .
Of these the Draupadi व्हेल Arjuna . Bhima and Dharmaraja rathas standing in a line are cut out of a single whale - back rock extending north - south and severed into three convenient bays .
The northernmost section of lesser height has been utilized for cutting out the shorter Draupadi ratha and the storeyed Arjuna ratha with a common platform or upa - pitha for both below their separate rathas .
The fifth चट्टान - Sahadeva ratha which is apsidal or apsidal in का or गज - का and the adjoining चट्टान are cut into another small rock facing the west of the Draupadi and Arjuna rathas .
The central portion of the rock is maintained between the two rathas but cut out as a large sculpture of the recumbent Nandi facing west.
They are replicas of ekatala Nagara vimanas square in section from base to apex .
The much damaged remains of a monolithic vimana are to be found in में in front of the upper cave - temple of the के गुफा - विमान group .
In the precincts of the apsidal brick - temple at जिला ( Guntur district ) of जिला a variety of miniature shrine models monolithic in character के type .
They recall similar models found in the temple precincts at पडोसी जिले and आलमपुर in the neighbouring district of आलमपुर .
While the contemporary Western Chalukyas of Badami were making progress in the construction of structural stone temples the process of cutting out a cave - temple in the एलोरा rock - cut cave - temples have been adopted by the Rashtrakutas who rarely in their own area .
The creation of Rashtrakuta Krishna I ( 756 ) is rather unique.
In a पहाडी hill a narrow central mass of about 60ध्30 forming up to the base of the rock on all directions on a chosen area in all directions is carved out a huge central mass of about 60ध्30 metres separated into the front of the खाई .
The large mass of rock - cut monolithic pillars running on either side in front than in this arm until the main vimana and its axial mandapas were good enough to cut out the complex of the two massive facade on either side in front .
The forecourt on the front measuring प्रमाप x हैं was cut wider than on the sides and the two sides of this is found carved.
The much narrower transversely oblong mass in front afforded the material for the carving out of a front gopura entrance हैं with the two wings of prakara walls .
The gopura is double - storeyed with a sala sikhara on top and a passage cut through its lower part to the forecourt in front and the circumambulatory passage round the base of the main vimana complex .
The upper storey is connected with the floor of the Nandi - mandapa .
Likewise it was conceived as a two - storeyed structure with the lower storey solid and मंच and an elevated platform for all the features of the aditala .
The main part of the temple beyond consists essentially of a vimana containing the sanctum with an विमान antarala or ardha - mandapa and a closed maha - mandapa in front .
The whole axial series is raised over a highly ornate plinth with its apex over its front है over the fronts of the अग्रभागों हाथियों elephants के lions and other mythological animals .
Behind this on the hill are the remains of an unfinished sala - type edifice monolithic likewise and akin to the Bhima and Ganesa rathas of the Pallavas.
The monolithic Nandi - mandapa in front of Cave 15 at Ellora with an inscription of Rashtrakuta राष्ट्रकूट is perhaps a slightly earlier carved - out नंदी in this area .
A smaller and much later Jain monolithic version of the Kailasa vimana is known as the Chota Kailasa . It was made in Ellora in Rashtrakuta times .
There is another chaumukh standing in the forecourt of Cave 33 .
The प्रस्तर is placed at the centre of the sanctum floor and is visible through the doors from all four sides .
The Chota Kailasa stands farther away .
In comparison with the Pallava and Rashtrakuta creations the contribution by the contemporary Pandyas of the far south to this series is the exquisitely carved वेत्तुवांकोविल हैं at हैं district .
Even if this is not a little early it can be dated about AD 800 .
Both the dvitala vimana and its ardha - mandapa cut out of the entrenched mass on the hill slope are incomplete but the finished upper parts reveal a high degree of workmanship and art and contain some outstanding sculptures.
The four Nandis on the corners of the base of the griva indicate the date and the dedication of the temple to Siva.
The dating is further indicated by the sculptures of पश्चिम Vishnu की Brahma and Siva on the south ग्रीवा west ग्रीवा north and east nasika fronts respectively on the faces of the griva sikhara a feature that became constant from the ninth century onwards .
में in a sharp competition with its Chalukyan rivals which प्रेरित the craving of exclusive achievement in architecture and exploited them by the Chalukyas like ग्रेनाइट and विपरीत as they were by the Chalukyas and उत्खनन .
Furthermore पर , वास्तुशिल्प implied the creation of temples only in places where there were hills or rocks .
In the main shrine भीतर on its rear wall particularly inside a niche niche panel is carved out of a Somaskanda carved on a Somaskanda panel on top of a linga ; it is installed in the front without a back on the linga .
The hara is found again on the upper storeys .
The griva and sikhara ग्रीवा which are modern ईट in brick and mortar are octagonal according to basic planning .
The corners of the walls of the aditala and attached दीवारों are decorated by bold rearing vyala pilasters characteristic of Rajasimha temples .
Otherwise the walls lack sculpture as in the दीवारों temple evidently because of the hard material of construction .
The inner walls of the antarala are only dvarapalas ( Brahma and Vishnu ) . from which the original trinity is brought down but Brahma and Vishnu are reduced .
The northern outer shrine contains remnants of a Pallava mural painting depicting a dancing Siva with Parvati.
The main shrine is built on a polished polished polished basalt - like stone linga with a large circular linga - pitha occupying almost the entire floor of the temple .
On the rear wall one is carved out of a usual Somaskanda panel with Siva and Uma seated with , Skanda on Uma ' s lap and Brahma and Vishnu standing on either side .
The inner wall of the garbha - griha is plain and square while the outer wall visible from the abutting vimanas is profusely sculptured with reliefs of gods and goddesses as also the walls of the abutting structures .
The दीवारों tala is built over bars placed across the two walls .
The double walls and an extra confirmation by smaller vimanas on the sides and corners are obviously meant to justify the superstructure of this vimana which is the largest vimana in this period and at the same time provides a fine base in proportion of height .
The third storey has over again a hara of kutas and salas ; the fourth and the fourth storey has four Nandis placed at the corners .
The walls of the temples attached to the aditala wall.
In front there is a detached multi - pillared oblong mandapa , longer on its north - south axis and with its भित्तिस्तंभ vyala - based while the rest are of the क्षेत्र type with basal and apical square sections and intervening zones .
The whole complex is surrounded by a prakara with a gap on its east direction and enclosing an open court .
Inside there are two lateral oblong shrines in the centre on the north and south .
In front of the whole complex stands a row of eight small dvitala square kuta vimanas with octagonal griva and sikhara all memorials temples , and परिवार and the parivara shrines of the inner malika devoid of the hara elements .
While some of them are undoubtedly the Pallava बालुकाश्म painted over the rough surface of sandstone the plaster of पलस्तर was painted on the coarse surface of sandstone and found for the सतह and सतह of the rock - bottom even in the early times .
For example the extant plaster excavated by this author in a single shrine at the north - east corner of the मालिका - malika as also covers an inscription of Rajasimha himself on a stone below .
This alone would denote that the पलस्तर was at best an पलस्तर in times of the founder himself or immediately thereafter.
For an inscription would not be incised on a surface .
In the same way the author presents another on the southern line a painted plaster - LRB - plaster - RRB - under the broken parts of the plaster a later thief of पलस्तर ( पलस्तर ) and later on the stone surface .
Prince राजकुमार is known from inscriptions to have repaired the damages wrought by the Muslim incursions and restored worship in the temple .
This accounts for fragmentary paintings of the Vijayanagar period .
The महामंडप ( Tiruchirapalli district ) is of का origin with three equal - storeyed square vimana square on top to the apex with its ardha - mandapa in a line from the north to the south with two large oblong and longer in front .
Two of them are complete and the third is represented by its extant basement .
It was surrounded by sixteen sub - shrines and a prakara with a small entrance on the west .
This temple is an important landmark in the line of the great south Indian temple .
It is built of fine - grained and neatly - dressed granite and is noted for its exquisite नारी नारी नारी Kalari Siva and some feminine types .
similarly नारी : नर in जिला जिला जिला in जिला जिला जिला in जिला जिला ; in जिला जिला and जिला there are other early temples built of stone पत्थर well known for their exquisite and graceful नारी ; these are male sculptures .
Hundreds of stone temples thus were built in Tamil Nadu in the centuries before and after AD 1000 in replacement of the earlier brick - and - timber structures in places hallowed by the memory of the Vaishnava and पाषाण saints .
Though on a small scale such activity is also found in the southern Mysore area where the Western Gangas of पश्चिमी have left some contemporary temples built of hard stone .
The earliest of all are the ekatala vimanas of a small size cut off in the case of the later Jain temple on the Chandragiri hill in Sravana - LRB - Hassan district ) .
But the most impressive Jain temple on the same hill is the विमान basti ( विमान ) a east - facing vimana with a closed mandapa and open mandapa in front .
This was a significant change ; the Pallava temples almost at the same time took place in the Shore temple and the Kailasanatha of Kanchi .
The Sangamesvara establishes another landmark in that it has in its scheme two side shrines in the ardha - mandapa at its two ends on either side of the sanctum entrance dedicated to Durga and Ganapati .
The Virupaksha is the largest structural temple complex of the early Chalukyas consisting of a tall four - storeyed vimana with an axial mandapas and cloister in the entire courtyard and a dvitala family of kuta and sala forms the घिरा ones all over the east .
The square vimana has a sandhara aditala the outer wall of which as also the adhishthana below has five bays and four recesses on each side .
They are of varied length corresponding to their corner karnakutas central salas and inter - पंजरों panjaras of the ham over the prastara of that side .
The mandapa is multi - pillared with massive sculptured columns and has three openings with projected pillared porches on its three directions the north and the south .
The शालाएं of the ham on top of the mandapa प्रस्तार that come over these three entrances as the Kailasa of Ellora are rendered larger than the rest of the hara parts so as to make the miniature gopura entrance .
The niches accommodated between the pilasters of the relieved bays contain various sculptures .
The second tala carries four karnakutas and three salas over its distribution in three directions .
The prakara wall has over its coping a series of kutas and salas as over the larger vimana of the Pallava Shore temple .
The Mallikarjuna built near the Virupaksha is a smaller temple with a four - storeyed vimana square in all its talas .
The griva and sikhara above are circular .
It has also a prominent sukanasika projected forward from its upper surfaces .
The topmost tala has no hara over it ; the mark of the complete elimination of the element and the beginning of the signs of the complete elimination of the main shrine .
The Durga temple at Aihole is essentially an apsidal southern vimana of the apsidal kind with an विमान or विमान विमान - विमान or विमान sikhara a part of original design to retreat if found incongruous and और .
The shrine and its axial mandapas stand raised with their adhishthana built over a sub - base a feature not common in the earlier temples considered above but usual in later temples of both Chalukyan and Pallava - Pandya .
Thus the platform on top of the multi - storeyed upa - pitha forms an outer channel with a slopy roof covering the margin between the outer wall of the vimana and the axial mandapas on the other side the बीच .
The upa - pitha terminates in front as a more narrow platform with lateral leads and a frontal जंगला .
These peripheral pillars of the front mandapa section and those at the inner edge of the landing have large statutory carved on either side of the inner edge of the facade or on the eastern end while the rest are devoid of such अलंकरण .
They are all interconnected by चालुक्य common in Chalukyan structures .
The adhishthana too and the outer wall over the antarala are also divided into eleven bays each three on the linear lateral side walls three at the rear apsidal end where the बाहरी - mandapa breaks down into the front wall of the mandapa .
All these eleven bays carry devakoshthas the niches of which are framed by shrine fronts of all patterns of the southern - style vimanas and northern - style प्रासादों such as the kuta sala . or कोष्ठ panjara पंजर तोरण . and torana की .
This much - developed feature is coupled with a prominently projecting channel at the adhishthana level on the northern side at the apse end of the outer wall .
This indicates a later date than the usual projected date for the temple the other well - developed features such as the presence of a variety of Toda forms टोडा style टोडा upa - pitha etc .
This and the presence of an article of Chalukya Vikramaditya II ( विक्रमादित्य ) on the ruined outer gopura at the south - eastern part of the prakara indicate a date early in the first quarter of the eighth century .
The inner wall of a typical apse or चाप form encloses the cella.
It has two linear front - side walls and in the company two rows of four pillars inside the antarala mandapa that divide the spot into a central nave the बाहरी with a flat triangular ceiling on which the prastara is attached to it .
The pillar capitals too have lost their original shape and को and are transformed into mere conventional shapes found in the later Chalukyan temples .
The prastara carries a ham of kutas salas and panjaras .
The second tala has a sanctum enclosed by the upward extension of the inner wall of the aditala .
Its antarala front is masked by the basal part of the sukanasika while the prastara on the other three sides carries four karnakutas and three salas there being no scope for a sola on the front side because of the sukanasika .
The third storey of some lesser width is relieved on other sides except on the front or sukanasika direction .
The bays contain उदगम motifs as in northern - style temples .
The square sikhara following is twelve चालुक्य which in later Chalukyan shrines declares similarly a similar kind of चालुक्य .
In addition to the two inner pillars of the peripheral series connected with the परिधीय all the remaining four central STRUCTURAL STONE TEMPLES: THE के though of sandstone are of a somewhat lathe - turned form . or स्तरित of the earlier Chalukyas .
The Eastern Chalukyas of बादामी a collateral branch of the early Chalukyas of Badami however have left a series of structural temples in sandstone which are more akin in their style to the Pallava style of बादामी to them .
These along with the two superimposed larger or main doorways on the east make the vimana a chaumukh or चौमुख structure described as है in the texts .
In the east the स्थूलता of the walls pierced behind the main doorway provides the आरपार passage across the sandhara circuit leading to the inner doorway of the cella .
In front of this antarala lies the north - south transverse path with the two north and south - facing हैं steps as described .
The outer doorway is flanked by two colossal dvarapalas as are the outer entrances .
Over the central bays of the outer walls which are the largest ones with door - openings are the topmost sala of the hara of direction over the prastara of the second tala .
The intermediate bays of a lesser width have पंजर ; thus constituting the full hara of पंजर over the second tala prastara .
The main pilasters containing the corners of the bays and their angles with the walls are square in section and with full capitals .
The abacus or स्थूल as in earlier Pallava capitals is large massive and square ; but the corbel or स्थूल is marked by a central triangular addition on the face of the हैं .
The inner wall of the lower storey has on its three sides in the recesses between immense pilasters and opposite to the outer wall openings more than शिव Siva - LRB - बाहरी - RRB - seated sculptures of Siva seated in the south dancing in the west .
The lower ambulatory contains over the rest of the inner wall the pilasters and ceilings and also over the inner face of the outer wall extensive mural paintings of the Chola period आतंरिक by later सत्रहवीं of the Nayaka period in the seventeenth century .
The Chola layer has been exposed wherever extant by peeling off the damaged Nayaka layer .
The most important item that dominate the entire block of the inner wall is the छाए of Siva in its turn the story of संत Siva saint संत संत and the canvas in which the great king is worshipped with his queens and परिजनों
Other paintings of dancers musicians नर्तकों birds and animals are also interesting .
After the earlier paintings of an extensive nature in the Buddhist caves at Ajanta and the smaller area of paintings in the Jain cave - temple at अजंता these are the most extensive series of quality forming an important landmark in the history of Indian mural paintings .
Each tala carries over its prastara a ham of kutas salas and panjaras .
The topmost tala has instead four Nandis placed at the four corners with the octagonal griva and sikhara rising up from the midst.
The topmost stones closing the ultimate gap alone is estimated to be 80 tonnes ( टन metric tonnes ) according to their size .
The stupi as originally intended by Rajaraja is ताम्र and as stated in his inscription in the temple is that of सोने copper gilt with सोने metres high .
The entire interior of the pyramid from its base to apex is rendered hollow by the gradual अंदर of the successive courses of masonry in the पिरामिड karana mode .
From the top of the adhishthana at about the middle of the northern side a large and carved water - spout is projected which discharges the जल water flowing out of the sanctum chamber .
The water goes along the दीवारों running through the bases of the two walls and along the floor of the sandhara circumambulatory in the middle .
The lengthy pranala or spout is supported on the head of a भूत squatting over the upa - pitha platform .
Opposite to this pranala and a little to the east is built the coeval square vimana for के of the Siva temple .
This position fixed by Rajaraja in his great temple became the norm for all Siva temples of the later period .
घेरती the wide open court around the vimana and its axial mandapas including the Nandi pavilion is a two - tiered prakara wall of the same period itself within this prakara .
On the middle of the eastern side the prakara has a massive gopura built entirely of stone .
Inside the prakara wall is built with a continuous double - storeyed cloister or malika with a third open terrace on top interrupted by seven square tritala vimanas with octagonal griva sikhara on the four corners and three sides .
They are dedicated to eight वृत्ताकार - यम Agni Yama अग्नि यम यम Varuna Vayu को Soma and यम beginning from the south - east to the north - east .
The shrine for the eighth के Indra and another for Surya merge into the inner face of the vertical base of the gopura on the east .
In front of the gopura and at some distance away from it is the outer and larger gopura entrance though perhaps originally with an outer prakara wall of the defensive fort - wall of a much later period .
In addition to the inner gopura the prakara wall is pierced by three additional entrances of the torana gate variety placed opposite the centre of the south west and north sides of the main vimana .
They are framed by simple over - doors.
Following this the मंदिरों in this part of Tamil Nadu called परवर्ती in later Chola and succeeding times continued to be built wholly apsidal temples and griva sikhara .
Such temples are rare in later Chola and Pandya .
These two are essentially lesser versions of the two Brihadisvara vimanas but incorporate in their design some variations and innovations revealing an amount of Chalukya - Rashtrakuta influence .
The topmost tala carries four square karnakutas again flanked by a pair of recumbent Nandis one on either side .
It persisted for about a century in some temples and disappeared as before leaving room for Nandis .
But at the same time the temple of Rajaraja II begins with the idea of establishing similar vehicles or वाहनों on the corners in other temples including a skull cap or a skull attached to the back in later times .
Another feature which is left to the later temples and early Chola temples of the Pallavas. Another feature which has been abandoned in the later temples of the Pallava and the early Chola temples is retained and carried over again in the पंजरों temple .
The main axial complex of vimana and mandapas is similar to the plan in the Brihadisvara .
The Hoysalas too when they came to occupy a part of Tamil Nadu in the last days of the later Cholas left some significant gopuras as for example the आधिपत्य gopura at आधिपत्य .
The मुद्राओं gopuras of Ko - चिदंबरम at Chidambaram चिदंबरम and other places are noted for their sculptures particularly for the depiction of the hundred and eight dance poses .
These kumbha panjaras became a common trait .
The shape of the stone or wooden खंडहृ projected from the विजयनगर पुष्प has also changed and the central figure of the early विजयनगर has more or less taken the लटकन of the bell - shaped लटकन which gradually became the पुष्प of the early विजयनगर .
Now the top panel and के of the columns
It is found in the मंदिरों and नटराज temples at में district while in the case of the नटराज it fronts the sabha - mandapa of Nataraja which again is another feature added to the temples from the later Chola .
They are also to be found in चिंदबरम , , वृद्धाचलम Chidambaram and many other places .
This provided inspiration to the Eastern Ganga king Narasimha for constructing such a mandapa in his तटीय temple in north coastal Andhra and more so in his great Sun temple at Konark .
The topmost tala is devoid of the hara : the top sikhara has prominently तिरछे out brim or lip and the sides are repeatedly offset .
The hara elements too retain their characteristic shapes ; the projected bays of the aditala wall have अग्रभागों niches framed by kuta fronts mounted on shorter pilaster pairs or by makara toranas .
The अग्रभागों fronts of the code are framed for है on makara toranas .
The mandapa pillars are partially lathe - turned in the case of their capitals while the shaft is square and single and mark the commencement of the characteristic pillared खराद of the later period .
Another oblong shrine called में is situated at the vicinity of the pillared समूह with a narrow front mandapa .
The other ruined structures are all enclosed by a prakara with two openings on two of the four sides .
The mention of goddesses like Ganga शिलालेखों देवियों Sarasvati and देवियों in the associated inscriptions indicates the presence of a powerful devi cult .
The horse at the घोडे began to change its shape and became flat - sides .
The wall spaces between the relieved bays of the aditala are adorned by reliefs of shrine . with superstructures of the southern vimana patterns or of the northern prasada norms .
The square - based pillars of the mandapas are partially lathe - turned particularly the capitals below their फलक showing some advance in this case over the earlier examples .
The mandapa has four central pillars facing them with two rectangular shrines perhaps originally for Ganapati and Durga .
But more interestingly the wall though of the पाषाण thickness is also built of smaller stone bays . projected to function brick - LRB - ईटों - RRB - while those found in larger or larger volumes of the Chalukyan and Rashtrakuta .
In the temples of खदान . near खदान the temples of खदान खदान come to temples of those temples in whose construction the use of sandstone found to have been totally discarded and the good fibre was brought into the soft पत्थर stone .
The new material impressed the less thick quarry size and the more ease in cutting it off the workmanship resulting in the reduced size of the masonry courses and increased volume of fine and delicate carvings on such tempting soft and smooth materials .
Among the many interesting temples of such material in this place the Jain temple is the largest and most prominent one being built in the latter half of the eleventh century .
It has a square five - storeyed nirandhara vimana with a square griva and sikhara .
The pillars inside the mandapa have square grounds .
The shaft and the broad square abacus is smoothly rounded है and polished forming a series of उभारों projecting शहतीर मनके and मनके and later embellished by finely picked अलंकरणों
Sometimes the axial series of the temple unit is surrounded by an open court and pillared cloister inside the prakara wall having its प्रांगण entrance only on one side .
The more or less significant have hundreds of Hoysala temples ; many of them in बेलूर and Belur temples are in both जिले and बेलूर temples ; शहर ( two cities of शहर ) the former and later केशव in सोमनाथ district .
The बेलूर temple unit at Belur was built by Hoysala विष्णुवर्धन in बेलूर and consecrated to Vishnu with the name Vijaya Narayan .
It is now the main unit of the complex of later temples surrounded by a cloister and prakara with a gopura entrance on the east at the axis of the main unit and a simple side entrance south on the same side .
The द्वार doorway was preceded by a large navaranga the three sides of which had extended passages or closed ड्यौढियों former दक्षिण south and north terminating externally into elaborately carved entrances with over - doors .
The whole is built over a upa - pitha 1. 5 m high the विमान plan of the vimana and its axial mandapas including the plan of the circumambulatory passage round .
The walls of the garbha - griha are sometimes plain as in the temple on the banks of the tank in Palampet .
When alternately projected and recessed the bays are full of broad curved flat pilaster patterns .
The recesses contain a slender pilaster carrying a shrine top at its apex over its abacus with a superposed creeper or patra - लता torana over it .
It is rather a slopy straight projected ledge often large .
The prastara over the antarala and the front mandapas carry like the lower tala of the vimana superstructure a hara of miniature shrines of the kuta variety often in brick and mortar .
These form the fore - runners of the typical arched niche - like miniature shrine series के of the subsequent Vijayanagar mandapa . ; the sukanasika projected in front of the vimana superstructure is an invariable characteristic marking the Chalukyan derivation of the temples .
The sukanasika projected in front of the vimana superstructure is an invariable characteristic की of the vimana temples with Chalukyan की
उत्सुकतावश which had been discontinued after his entry before the expiry of twelve years determined by the संत was to be समाधि three years later in the absence of a संत gracious संत the symbol of the saint was discovered there .
विदेह a शिवलिंग established at this place of liberation was made pure and pious by the local deity and at the same time the latter was believed to be the master of the temple and the saint who responded to it by professional judgement .
Upper wall
The काकतीय has a Gajalakshmi relief and the introduction of a wide projected cornice over each gate remind one of the Kakatiya modes .
The steps in the वितान of the सूर्य order are those of the राशियां who are supposed to see the sun in order of twelve months : the central lotus is said to be a symbol of the sun and the lotus in the वितान temple of Sringeri .
Their pose is also true to nature attesting to the acquaintance of the sculptor with things of nature .
कारण know that a species of Indian parrot Psittacula commonly called भारतीय is unique among Indian birds for its habit of बसेरा upside down like भारतीय .
For an ascetic yogi it can be a form of sadhana or penance .
The superstructure of the vimana or garbha part is an upward extension .
It is a cylindrical high tower consisting of three upper talas of gradually diminishing circumference rising over the sanctum to the griva the sikhara with the top stupi , while the शुकनासा over the ceiling is projected from the vimana superstructure .
The top of the sandhara channel between the outer and inner wall of the aditala is made up of the channel and the channel of wet stone at the same time the front entrance of the mandapa is also made with a long stone extension projected by the second tala .
The three niches surmounted by three शुकनासा on the three basic directions - the south - west and the south - the main शुकनासा of the north - are the शुकनासा where on the east comes the prominent शुकनासा .
The prastara of this second tala का or the कपोतों is composed of seven tiers of curved कपोतों or kapota .
The third tala of slightly lesser elevation repeats the same pattern ending with its कपोतों of five के superposed one over the other .
The fourth tala of still lesser height again of the same pattern carries an कपोतों of three है .
The scheme is an adaptation of the pattern of ग्रीवा - LRB - ग्रीवा - RRB - that successively rises over two floors a clear but short antarala in the middle of the griva as in the eastern ग्रीवा and का tradition but consists of a परंपरा .
The top of the third tala has the ग्रीवा or base of the griva with four Nandis at the four corners or विदिकों .
The griva sikhara combination has four maha nasikas projected on the four cardinal directions including the east while the third tola of the vimana rises clear over the top of the frontal शुकनासा .
All the five stupis are of metal and they together form a pancha विमान scheme that according to ancient Buddhist texts should be the character of the divine aircraft .
Built of granite it stands on a lofty and well - moulded upa - pitha platform .
Its five - storeyed square vimana is a double - walled sandhara structure . and the tala superstructure has the characteristic sukanasika projections .
A horizontal band divides the exterior wall face into upper and lower halves .
The lower half shows a series of shrine fronts between the जोडियों .
The राजवंश temple of रामेश्वर and Virabhadra in nearby राजवंश पीठ the former seat of the dynasty is built of greyish - green granite .
Both of them have their front mandapas inter - connected.
They took note of what was developing further north.
Their geographical position astride the area of the Deccan a region aloof generally from the northern part of the subcontinent made them susceptible to more influences than more influences .
The result was that the earliest Chalukyan architecture and art - LRB - चालुक्य - RRB - as at के ऐहोल Aihole पट्टकल and Badami - LRB - आसपास - RRB - were originally excavated near the कदंब of the southern Chalukyan cave in the Andhra region .
The square vimana in all its simplest forms is surmounted by a low superstructure rising sharply from the lower levels mostly as a pyramid with ओलती and या essentially of a smaller size .
The kapota tiers are decorated by relieved कुदु motifs particularly at the centre of each direction .
The separating necks or गले may be altogether absent or too small to be visible .
At the highest level there is a small griva that contains a specific मसूर or amalaka - shaped ग्रीवा consisting of circular or मसूर shaped मसूर and also shaped ग्रीवा - मसूर and
These also came to be built in other parts of Karnataka and Andhra .
The sikhara in these temples घेरने a complete superstructure over the portion of the विमान temple which forms a single unit called है at the corners and is apparently divided into concrete points by a विमान of the vimana size .
It is thus clear that what is termed the sikhara in a northern rekha - prasada is not to be equated with the same name in the southern tiered aircraft .
The smaller भूमि found squeezed in at the corners of the superstructure of the prasada hence called भूमि are the only basis for differentiating the ground .
Their धड generally follow the patterns found in the southern vimana and the body is provided with a clear prastara separating the अधिरचना part over it .
The square plan or leg position is relieved by three or five bays on each face from base to top the relieved parts are called rathas making the temple tri ratha or tri - ratha .
The most characteristic and prominent sukanasika projected from the front of the antarala is projected from the front of the superstructure from the top two - thirds of the width of the lower part above the antarala .
In addition to the mandapas the northern - style temples of the Chalukyan area have more in common with the local vimana types : their pillar forms के door - frames sculptures particularly dvarapalas on either side of the entrances .
They are generally tri rathas with front mandapas.
The outer wall is plain or decorated with often a pillared बाहरी .
The former ones are of sandhara type while the latter one is of the संधार type though they are similar in their usual outward form .
The मंडप has a low and linear plan with a stunted sikhara over the main edifice which is too small in proportion to the whole length of the mandapa and mandapas in front of it .
The most interesting feature is the hara of karnakutas at the front corners and a few panjaras in between more बीच over the roof of the axial mandapas a southern feature appropriate only to the vimana type of temples .
The Sangamesvara in the महाकूटेश्वर group is of the tri ratha lay - out with a pillared mandapa in front .
The घिरा group of temple units is surrounded by a common prakara with a cluster of six kinds of miniature shrines flanked by other structures including the हुआ sandhara प्रासाद - प्रासाद with a tri - ratha type sikhara round AD 750 .
The परिचर and समूह of the complex at जिला ( district ) are the principal units of the group ; the two are nirandhara with a tri ratha sikhara over a square trunk .
They have not the adhishthana akin to the southern vimana type ; but also a vyala van or vyala mala a प्रस्तर of vyalas in the विमान an invariable component of the southern vimana temples , and absent in all the other rekha - prasada .
The larger मंडप has a sanctum antarala and axial mandapas in front .
The shrine wall is plain but for a देवकोष्ठ niche on each side .
में of square rectangular and apsidal schemes are found in small temples .
The का के near Kurnool though much renovated also belongs to this class .
It has a pillared mandapa in front with central raised roof and lateral wings with slopy roofs .
It contains an inscription of . ' s time about AD 750 .
Another well - preserved temple of this type is to be found in the धड धड nearby with nirandhara trunk having carvings of Ganesa धड Durga and Kartikeya on the relieved भुजाओं niches on its sides .
The वर्ग at और and the पंचलिंगुला at और also belong to this group .
This type of rekha - क्षेत्र soon fell out of vogue in this area and could not extend further south into the Tamil region .
As in Kerala temples the temples in Kerala constituted a class by themselves which included timber in their construction to a great extent as in the south India before the advent of the stone vimana .
While the adhishthana of the vimana or the srikoyil is of cut stone slabs with almost all its limbs akin to that of the adhishthana of the southern shrine the दीवारें walls are usually of richly carved bays that cut out of the mine .
Because of their सतह and सतह surface the walls were heavily plastered and the few decorations are picked out in stucco .
The roof छत is placed directly on the wall plate on top of the walls ; in a gable form to meet back at the top .
The conical or नासिका main roof is joined with a नासिका or नासिका projecting नासिका locally called तोरण with a low - cut torana arch projected on the front .
The local name शुक ( parrot ) is suggestive of the name sukanasika .
There is a step forward in front of the entrance of a stone slab with a पत्थर pattern of stone rolling with rich relief sculptures . or हाथी strung as though the elephant has become an interesting figure .
The pranala or water - outlet projected from the northern side is of a characteristic हाथी long cylindrical and tube - like हाथी with a narrow bore made through it simulating a straight elephant emerging out of a vyala mouth .
Externally it is plugged into the circular chambers in the centre and supported by ' भूत ' or गण ' below .
Sri अग्रमंडप has a separate agra - mandapa often called the हैं - mandapa with a slopy roof .
Externally the quadrangular open court is surrounded by a prakara with a cloister or malika locally called मालिका or मालिका .
The outermost leads to the main gopura or की in front occasionally with additional entrances on the rear and sides .
Besides the simple prakara of the inner prakara the outer prakara with an outer gopura entrance on all four sides at the larger temple complex like the केरल Mandir in केरल and in the courtyard are the रंगशाला or opera buckets of dance and such art .
The छत temple at और for example is apsidal and apsidal with a roof of wooden and metal sheet carved at the north - east corner of the outer opening .
Most of the temples that existed at this time in Kerala are not very old ; the earliest medieval or north - medieval .
The oldest temples have been destroyed because of the perishable material ; only their stone bases and sculptures of gods dvarapalas etc . are left .
These give us an idea of the continuity from at least the tenth century AD if not earlier .
Such temples with prominent slopy or pent roofs or मानसून - roofs on मानसून are to be found extensively distributed over the entire monsoon - swept littoral from Kanyakumari in the south to south and Goa .
Their srikoyil or vimana plans include the circular विमान which is more frequent : the elliptical the elliptical the square the oblong the हैं and the apsidal ; the विमान and they are often of more than one storeyed .
The apex storey over the inner wall is circular elliptical and octagonal and square over a square structure covered by a छत or आच्छादित kuta roof with a central sola or सभा roof over the भीतर walls with a row of सभा rectangular and apsidal structures .
The adhishthana is invariably of granitic stone while the walls and superstructure may be of granite दीवारें or brick and wood .
The roof is also made of planks metal sheet or tiles or even thatch in simple structures .
It is adapted to the territorial जलवायुगत requirements and a deep slope of the भुजाओं and वर्षा भुजाओं of the top not only remove heavy rain - water but also painted stucco or timber carved on the top wall of the tala .
The central portion of the नाली groove that rises between the front of the श्रीकोयिल gate and the outer door of the srikoyil makes usually the ardha - mandapa in the plan and therefore the main srikoyil emerges as the frontal projection of the superstructure .
It can be a single flight that provides direct access to the front door .
Or बाजुओं is often the landing stage in front of the doorway with steps on either side .
Perhaps the largest complex in this series of temples is the शहर or श्री . or Sri मूलनाथ temple perched on a low - lying hill अतंरीप in the centre of the शहर city in Kerala near the centre of Kerala .
Its inscriptions show that the temple is in existence since the twelfth century though its foundations could be more ancient .
It is perhaps the smallest apsidal structure in the Kerala mode of construction .
In the north - west corner of the outer court is the large प्रागंण or opera - hall rectangular in shape and built in typical Kerala style .
Inside the central pavilion the carved pillars of the विमान hall add to the splendour of the lathe - turned pillars and the inner roof or vimana structures .
The whole complex is surrounded by a massive stone prakara with four - storeyed gateways on the four cardinal sides with slopy gable roofs on the four cardinal sides good examples of gopura construction in the Kerala style .
Another large and important temple complex in the south of Kerala is the त्रिवेंद्रम or Anantasayin temple in Trivandrum which was wholly reconstructed in the last two centuries.
The stone - built central shrine is appropriately oblong on plan to enshrine the reclining form of Anantasayin Vishnu .
It is two - storeyed with pent and gable roof patterns for its storeys .
The walls are painted and there are subsidiary deities like Krishna कृष्ण कृष्ण क्षेत्रपाल Narasimha हैं Garuda etc .
Its stone sculptures and the wood carvings on the ceiling of the के mandapa are also of a fine quality .
The Rama temple of केरल in north Kerala is unique in a rectangular srikoyil with linear orientation and that is the entrance to the two small sides of the oblong structure .
The front on the front leads a almost vertical ascent while the former has a slopy roof on the shorter arm of the arm and a gable roof at the top level with a linear gable roof over which has three stupis on top.
In front there is a mukha - mandapa also oblong ; but with its long axis transverse to that of the srikoyil and provided with stupis over the transversely - oriented ridge.
All around is a ऊंचाई of a lower height .
The lower pent roof is preceded by the शुकनासा ( शुकनासा ) or linear antarala - mandapa in front of which is an independent शुकनासा - mandapa .
The का Vishnu temple is also of this class .
The roofs are made of metal . and the four - sided pyramidal मुलम्मा have four nasikas nasikas and single metal gold - gilt stupis on top .
The Rama temple at श्रीकोयिल has a circular ekatala srikoyil and is noted for its ancient wood - carvings.
The दीवारों - mandapa has profuse wood - carvings while the wall of the shrine has interesting mural paintings .
The srikoyil at Vaikom is similar to those circular and ekatala with an immense स्तूपी - shaped ceiling of शंकु dimensions and a single stupi .
The Siva temple at श्रीकोयिल has a simple ekatala srikoyil which is noted for its paintings especially of Nataraja .
The pent roof covering the storey below and the apsidal छत roof above with a gable front has a row of three stupis on top .
After a long struggle when the British regained power again in Delhi Bahadur Shah had gone out of a secret place .
After their arrest they were brought to the Red Fort by Lt. William किले to be tried by a military commission constituted under Section 14 of 1857 against all established rules of national and international law .
The European military commission was set up under the leadership of Major General Sir John Lawrence ' s instructions at the instance of Major General C . B . C . बंदियों to prosecute the prisoners who were brought before him in January 27 1858 .
The prosecutor for the government was Major F. J. एडवोकेट .
On the 27th January 1858 at 11 o 'clock in the morning the same अदालत Red Fort was court - in - law in the same अदालत - i - किले where Bahadur Shah himself sat down as the king of the Deccan .
Many officers suggested that the capital of the British in India should be tried in Calcutta but if Delhi was chosen for this purpose it was the dream of a British Raj fans out of its thousands of प्राचीर .
The 82 - year - old emperor was made to stand as a prisoner for about a half - a - half an hour outside the Diwan - e - Khas where the European spectators continued to shout दर्शक and खिल्ली .
At last the clock struck half - past twelve and brought him inside .
After a great deal of effort and exercising pressure he said " not only " .
The case went up to 21 कार्यदिवसों from 27 January 1858 to 9th March 1858 .
About 18 so - called वेतनभोगी वेतनभोगी Most of them were salaried spies ; about 200 contemporary documents of material relating to the revolt of 1857 .
On the 20th day of the proceedings . i . e . 9th March 1858 the court कार्यवाही and prisoner Bahadur Shah was brought to the court in the care of Ghulam Abbas .
The Judge Advocate read the translation of the prisoner ' s defence before the Commission .
In his defence Bahadur Shah neither pleaded guilty ' as a sovereign ruler under International laws nor passed judgement on his own powers as a commission and he was justified by the established authority of the state .
This was the first trial of the British trial which established the British supremacy and culminated in the I. N. A. trial which followed the end of the British rule in India .
This ignominious trial both ends with the Mughal Empire in India and the East India Company - .
Surendra Nath Banerjee - (Applause) - सुरेन्द्रनाथ on 10th November 1848
His school consisted of the इंस्टीट्यूशन at the ' School ' इंस्टीट्यूशन ' of which most students were Anglo - Indians .
He graduated from the Calcutta University in 1868 and proceeded to England along with Romesh Chunder Dutt and Bihari Lal Gupta to compete in the prestigious Indian Civil Service .
In 1869 they passed the test .
There was some controversy over his right age ; for which he was ठहरा the court decided in favour of him .
He joined Sylhet as Assistant Magistrate.
Mr . सुरेन्द्रनाथ Judge Mr . सुरेन्द्रनाथ did not like his Indian help and took advantage of a legal mistake and made a formal complaint to the government against Surendra Nath the Commission investigating the complaint found Banerjea guilty and promptly dismissed him from the job .
Surendra Nath proceeded to England and appealed to the Indian Office.
He had बदल the " specific fact of the partition of Bengal by Lord Morley .
1906 was the climax of his political career .
He was also a member of the Calcutta Corporation ( 1876 - 99 ) but had resigned as a protest against Lord Curzon ' s policy of destroying popular municipal finances .
He also joined the Indian Legislative Council several times .
With his progressive ideas he advocated the raising of grounds for remarriage of widows and marriageable age .
Surendra Nath Banerjea was a period when Surendranath Banerjea was known as the भारत of India .
He was a distinguished orator both in English and Bengali and was compared to कलकत्ता of Greece and to कलकत्ता of Rome. Surendra Nath was born in Calcutta in 1848 .
He had a very scholarly academic career and had successfully passed the Indian Civil Service Competition which was very difficult and attractive .
But they were driven out and joined the Indian struggle for independence .
In the year 1883 this was too much to swallow and the British judges could not restrain themselves .
On 3 May 1883 Surendranath Banerjee and रामकुमार डे The Bengalee publisher and अदालत were issued a notice of contempt of court by the High Court and they were ordered to say on 4 May 1883 that they would say so.
The notice asked why they should not be sent to prison for according to law or contempt for having written and published such articles as नौरिस and अपमानजनक .
They were asked to file their affidavits and replies immediately .
रामकुमार . in his affidavit disowned all responsibility and threw the entire blame .
He said that he had no concern for the material published in the letter nor had he the right to decide whether to try print or not to print any article which he said was a good grasp of the English language .
He added that if the articles contained में and insulting things he did not know about it and as far as he was concerned he prepared to appear for the article in his light of the publication and printer .
He observed in the affidavit filed for an early night ' s notice .
Surendra Nath Banerjea remained in jail for two months but the trial created a storm and his name became a household word in the country .
Public reaction was swift and intense.
Shops were closed and business was suspended on the day .
The practice of holding open - air meetings began as there were not enough to accommodate crowds gathered for protest .
Hindus were especially enraged because their idol was brought into court .
Justice Norris had played a prominent part unbecoming his position in the Albert Bill controversy .
In the last years of his life Banerjee wrote in a book titled The Nation ( A Nation ) i . e . the creation of a nation i . e . the modifications of the राष्ट्र law and I have never seen in my whole public life .
Public meetings were held against me in every city and against the decision of the High Court .
The feeling of protest was so widespread that in many cases even government servants took part in the streets and suffered much for it .
In 1907 he asked the extremist faction in the Congress party to adopt a more effective method than simply offering their grievances .
Tilak and his associates Bipin Pal and Lala Lajpat Rai refused to accept the goal of the Indian National Congress viz . the establishment of a responsible government in India as was prevalent in the British Empire .
On the other hand he demanded a free and autonomous India entirely free from British domination .
Because of his differences with the moderates of the Indian National Congress Tilak established the Home Rule League in 1916 .
He was not content with the Government of India Act . 1919 but as Providence came into being Tilak died in August 1920 and the Indian National Congress in its Nagpur session held in December 1920 declared that his mission was not perfect .
However तिलक Sir Valentine . in his book 'Indian ने went to England in 1918 to sue him but the court held a adverse decision on him .
Two of his works were devoted to the study of the Gita the और and the तिलक ( the प्राचीनता ) of the antiquity of the Vedas .
Tilak had played a major role in persuading Mahatma Gandhi to come to India from South Africa and Mahatma Gandhi had also been influenced by his political philosophy .
It is not possible to judge the historical importance and political consequences of Lokmanya Bal Gangadhar Tilak ' s trials in 1905 and 1908 .
Tilak was prosecuted for the offence of patriotism .
He was sentenced more than his life or his liberty.
Ladies and gentlemen the verdict that our contemporaries tell us " The verdict that our times pass on us is not of much value .
What is valuable is the inevitable decision of history and the inevitable conclusion of history that these two convictions which दबाने the voice of freedom and patriotism are लोकमान्य Lokmanya Tilak did all that he did to fight for his country .
These two convictions have forgotten in the darkness of history and the fame and splendour of Tilak increases with the passage of time . "
Tilak was prosecuted for three तिलक first in 1897 under Section 124 - A of the Indian Penal Code read an article in the Kesari period for which he was convicted of rigorous imprisonment for eighteen months .
He applied to the High Court for leave to appeal to the Privy Council but leave was denied to him .
However the यूरोपीय Justice Davar brushed aside all these legal arguments and pronounced that the trial would start on 13th July 1908 with the help of a special jury consisting of Europeans and Anglo - Indians .
The outcome was known before the trial began .
The Tai Maharaj case earlier a personal case in ताई had drained all his financial resources .
Fear was haunting him . "
The trial started on 13th July 1908 in the Central Hall of the Bombay High Court building .
Strict safeguards were undertaken before anyone was allowed to enter the trial room .
On the side of Tilak was occupied by तिलक तिलक . Baptista Kelkar Bodas and other eminent lawyers occupied the seats to watch the proceedings and assist Tilak .
On the other hand Mr एडवोकेट Advocate General - LRB - एडवोकेट - RRB - the Bar - at - law and Mr अभियोक्ता the public prosecutor - LRB - सरकारी - RRB - joined him .
The gist of the article 'These Remedies are not नहीं published on 9th June was given to the court and jury .
He said that though the writer repudiated all sympathy with the throwing of bombs and murders committed with the purpose of weakening and सत्ता British rule .
It was stated that though the government could act ' the ' बम Act ' bombs could be easily manufactured as they did not produce much chemicals .
ब्रिटिश came the saying that the article was inspired by the same considerations that the British rule was a curse to the country and the people were prepared to deal with the situation as Russia .
As regards the allegations under Section 153 A the prosecution said that the accused often referred to the alien rule in the articles of Kesri ' .
He alleged that it was intended to create racial feelings between the accused Europeans and the natives by pointing out that the White people were opposed to their interests .
He concluded that there were three charges which would claim attention of the court and the jury .
The witnesses for the अभियोक्ता Vishnu Joshi . Jagannath इंस्पेक्टर and Inspector इंस्पेक्टर - were examined by Mr श्री Bar - at - Law.
Prosecution witness Bhaskar Joshi assistant to the oriental translator and Inspector . who had searched the Kesari office at Tilak ' s residence in Poona were visibly shaken by the cross - examination .
While cross - examining Joshi Tilak proved that the translations before the court were defective and had perverted the sense of the original articles to give a distorted view .
While cross - examining Inspector तिलक Tilak made him admit that the original search - warrant was not for his residence and he did not know when the interpolation to search his residence .
To show that the translations presented in the court are हैं Tilak gave the court a correct English translation of more than a dozen words in his written submission .
Oppression tyranny and तानाशाही are भ्रांतिजनक there and have a distinctly different meaning in writings on political .
I admit that the idioms of one language are not the same as that of the other .
I would like to point out that the translator was not placed in the witness - box but someone else was asked to give evidence for the की of the translations .
Of course since there was a government translation his attempts may be का but certain passages which have been pointed out as pointed out in the prosecution of the original translator ought to have been गवाहों .
The charges have been levelled against him not just the original essay in Marathi but the translations ; while he was to be based on the original Marathi article . not on translations .
It may be said that the defence has not produced its own version .
Tilak fought with new and fine logic the charge under Section 153 A .
He said " I can see on the one hand a great deal of struggle between the people on the other and a mighty bureaucracy on the other hand and I ask you that the person has not been to the whole of India .
I am on the wrong side of age and for me it is only a matter of a few years ; but future generations will look back on your verdict and see you to be right or wrong .
This would be a memorable decision in the history of Indian journalism .
If either of you came forward and says that I am right I shall be very gratified because I know that a jury is not unanimous in England and the second trial is conducted .
That rule may not be so here ; it will give me moral support and great satisfaction . "
He ended his speech in these words " I do not expect your favour .
I am prepared to face the consequences of my action .
You may not agree with my point of view .
There are two charges under Section 124 - A and one under prosecution .
Consider each charge separately and make a difference to each one and I urge you to make it in accordance with the unanimous decision if possible .
The case is very important to the accused .
The charges are very serious .
If you think he is guilty make it clear but if you have any doubt and if you have any reasonable and substantial reasons for the doubt the accused will benefit . "
The gloom hung over the court .
Tilak broke the silence and joked Let us enjoy pur last tea together . "
Seven out of the nine members held Tilak 'guilty' on all three counts while the two held him innocent on all three counts .
His हिज asked Tilak " Do you have anything to say before I tell them ? "
It was then that Tilak with an inner spiritual courage uttered those immortal and prophetic words which are now enshrined at the entrance of the Central Hall of the Bombay High Court .
The great. man ' s answer seemed to have totally निर्वासन Justice Davar for he went on to say rather निर्वासन that the sentence of six years of transportation with a fine of Rs 1000 would be condemned as ' unfair ' .
They are से of sedition ; they preach violence ; they speak in the support of हत्याओं ; the हत्याओं and पाशविक deeds of killing life in bombs are not just your support but have you welcomed bombs in India .
As I said it is only a diseased and perverted mind that can think that bombs are legitimate instruments in the political movement .
He must be a diseased mind that could ever imagine that the articles you wrote were articles that could have been legitimately .
Your hatred of the ruling class has not disappeared in these ten years and these articles have been written a week - week deliberately and not under a spur of the moment ; they too are innocent and tender after the assault on British women .
You wrote about bombs as if they were legitimate instruments in political movements .
Such journalism is a curse to the country .
I am sorry to punish you .
I have considered with great interest the punishment you should be inflicted upon him and I have decided to award a sentence which I consider to be " unfair ' .
I do not think in accordance with my duty and in accordance with your offence a punishment which can be made less .
I feel that this sentence will be quite consistent with the object of justice for a man of office and position like you .
Under the first two counts you may be sentenced to life - exile .
” I considered it a consequence of your exile or a period of imprisonment and found that in the interest of your age and other circumstances it would be the same as in the interests of peace and order and in the good of the country which you are right . "
Section 124 - A under Section 124 - A I am entitled to transportation for life or any time and I pass you a sentence of three to three years ' transportation for the first two charges respectively ' निर्वासन i . e .
The Advocate General then made a petition and withdrew the fourth charge against the accused under Section अभियुक्त .
For at least ten days the country ' s attention had been concentrated on the case of Tilak .
The fear of the future hazard in में the masterly defence which the eminent prisoner in the Bar had for some time been lost .
Newspapers commented: " We are afraid the existing verdict made by seven Europeans in the prosecution put by the government will not be accepted as a judicial pronouncement of any value by the whole country .
The whole country would look upon it as if the prosecution had decided in its own case .
So far as punishment is concerned the judge Davar had spared the accused the pain which he was inflicting upon him by trying to palliate the severity of the sentence which he was proposing to give by his sweet compliments to the ability of the accused .
Tilak required no प्रमाण .
His ability and influence are shared by many big enemies in his arrest and even the English press to comment on government action . "
While the भीड crowd waiting for him outside the darkness and cold he was quietly withdrew from the past gate to the Bombay railway station where a special train was ready to transport him to Verma ' s prison .
Tilak ' s convictions injured the freedom fighters everywhere and Lenin called it a despicable sentence that had been awarded to Indian revolutionaries like Tilak .
Foreign newspapers reported that the workers in Europe now had Asian comrades whose numbers would grow by leaps and bounds.
Sri Aurobindo ( 1846 ) Sri Aurobindo ( Aurobindo Ghose ) was born in Calcutta on August 15 1872.
His father पिता Ghosh ( 1845 - 1893 ) belonged to a well - established Ghose family of West Bengal .
When Arvind was seven years old his father took him and his two elder brother अरविंद अरविंद and Manmohan for England .
His early education took place in an English family .
When he joined the St. Paul ' s School in London as a scholar he had already learnt Latin and read Shakespeare and the romantic poets he could .
He also learnt French and German Italian and Spanish to read Goethe Dante and दांते in the original language .
At the age of eleven he had started writing poetry in Greek Latin and English .
As secretary to the Indian Majlis Cambridge University he made revolutionary speeches hinting at armed rebellion as the only way to India ' s liberation .
Though he had passed the Indian Civil Service Examination he did not join it and returned to India in 1893 with an appointment in the Baroda State Service .
It took him thirteen years to reach the post of Acting Principal of the State College at Baroda .
He learnt Sanskrit drama Marathi and spoken Bengali and acquired a knowledge of the epics the Upanishads and Sanskrit literature; wrote poetry drama and essays in English .
He shifted to Calcutta as Principal of the newly formed National College ( now Jadavpur University ) .
Aurobindo directed the revolutionary workers to utilise the partition of Bengal for expanding their activities .
He directed बिपिनचंद्र to formulate his policy and action and organisation and introduced the famous daily " अंग्रेजी " of Bipin Chandra Pal ' s English daily " .
In the Bande Mataram का appeared a series of articles on' The Doctrine of Passive Resistance ' ' ' अहिंसात्मक out the correct method of execution of the nationalist programme of' Swadeshi ' and ' boycott ' .
In August 1907 Aurobindo was arrested for certain articles published in the Bande Mataram ' but the charge failed because it could not be proved that he was the editor of the letter .
In May 1908 along with 38 other revolutionaries he was arrested where he spent a year as " रिहाई " before release .
In jail he had the realisation of cosmic consciousness ; everywhere Sri Krishna had darshan and Sri Krishna always had the assurance of India' s freedom and of his release for the good of the world .
After his release in May 1909 Aurobindo resumed his pursuit and wrote an article on the real intention of Indian nationalism in two newly - राष्ट्रवाद कर्मयोगी कर्मयोगी ( अंग्रेजी ) and बांग्ला ( बांग्ला ) .
One evening in February 1910 he received information that his office would be searched the next day and he would be arrested .
On hearing his inner voice he left for Chandernagore and then for Pondicherry where he completely withdrew from all political activities and devoted himself to literature and philosophy .
In his mission he received the co - operation of an enlightened French फ्रांसिसी Paul Richard and his wife ( who later became the Mother of the World War ) .
In 1926 Aurobindo retired into seclusion which was till his death in 1950 .
The trial of Sri Aurobindo Ghose and others is one of the अलीपुर of historical importance which took place at a time when discontent in Bengal was at its highest level .
The trial belonged to the elite educated and enlightened people who came from the elite of society .
The involvement of the people in the trial and the like of the British High हत्याओं ' हत्याओं ' violence ' and ' ब्रिटिश ' writings ' in the evening were strengthened by this agitation .
From 1905 the political sky in the country had become छा because the disillusionment of the intellectuals in the cities were passing through the villages .
On 1st May 1908 Khudiram Bose was arrested at the खुदीराम Railway Station a few miles away from Muzaffarpur while Prafulla Chaki was arrested at the रेलवे Railway Station .
Chaki took out his revolver and shot himself dead .
A wave of shock and consternation shook India .
In May 1908 thirty - seven persons including Barindra Ghose . Ghosh his brother Aurobindo Ullaskar Dutt Hem Chandra Ullaskar Dutt Hem Das Hem Chandra Das Upendra Nath Das Upendra Nath Banerjee and others were arrested and put on trial .
In the first round Inspector P . C . Biswas was placed before the District Magistrate L . 1908 on 19th May 1908 under an FIR consisting of other things :
In view of all these अभियुक्तों facts all those accused who were members of a secret body ( A. R. 143 Rs 150 मेजिस्ट्रेट ) of the Indian Penal Code ) are also अभियोग under Section 121 - A . 121 - A .
A few extracts from his statement are reproduced :
After passing my Entrance Examination I went to Dacca where my brother Manmohan Ghose was Professor I passed the first year of my graduate education .
With my friends Abinash Bhattacharya ( now under arrest ) and जेल Dutta ( now in jail ) I began to bring out a letter to जेल .
We managed it for a year and a half and then handed it over to the present manager .
After that I joined in के .
By the end of 1907 I had collected altogether fourteen and fifteen young men .
I educated these young men in religious books and politics .
We were always thinking of a revolution and wished to be ready for it ; so we were collecting weapons gradually .
Altogether I collected eleven रिवाल्वर four rifles and one gun.
Among the others who attended our group was Ullaskar Dutt and I do n ' t remember exactly how but it is about the beginning of the year .
He said that he wanted to join us and be useful as he understood the preparation of explosives .
There is a small laboratory in his house which he uses without his father ' s information .
I have never seen the laboratory ; I have heard of it only .
With her help we began preparing explosives in a small quantity in the garden house at 32 रोड Road .
In the meanwhile another friend हेमचन्द्र Nath Das of the district of Midnapur district seems to me to be his own.
Our party was divided on the propriety of disclosing these facts .
Some thought they would deny everything and whatever the result would be मजबूर but I compelled him to make a written and oral statement to Jatin Mukherjee because I was convinced that this group was not going to be caught .
On 23 June 1905 Naren गोसाईं was forgiven and was released .
The magistrate then charged him with two parties .
In the first batch he charged Barindra Ghose under Section 121 121 121 121 121 121 A and 123 of the Indian Penal Code and committed him to the Court of Sessions .
L. के District Magistrate of 24 Parganas charged the accused who were tried with Aurobindo.
The third sentence was that you made a sentence of thirty - one years before or about 15 May 1908 - LRB - 32 - RRB - . Road - LRB - युद्ध - RRB - including सम्राट बंगाल - LRB - रोड Road . - RRB - . - LRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - LRB - LRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - LRB - LRB - युद्ध . . . . Road in बंगाल बंगाल . . . . बंगाल - युद्ध
" And I hereby direct that you be tried by the said court under the said charges .
On 19 October 1908 the trial began before the Additional Sessions Judge who charged the accused with the following charges .
I hereby charge you as follows:
that you fought against the सम्राट king in Bengal one year before or near it by मऋ 32 युद्ध Road . . . in बंगाल Bengal and so under Section 121 of the Indian Penal Code ;
that you attempted to battle against the King of India at several places in Bengal - LRB - East Bengal - RRB - and under Section 121 of the Indian Penal Code - LRB - IPC - RRB - a year before or about 15 May 1908 - LRB - RRB -.
That you instigated another court of trial and offence under Section 121 to combat the King of India at many places in Bengal including युद्ध रोड Road , . रोड East Bengal one year before or near it .
that you passed away from 15 May 1908 one year before or near it by 32 32 बंगाल Road . . in Bengal and many other places and covered with the Indian Penal Code with all the offences under Section 121 .
that you passed a year before or around 15 May 1908 with ब्रिटिश 32 बंगाल Road . . and others together in बंगाल Bengal and occupied the throne of India by a British India or a part of it .
'One year before or around 15 May 1908 you crossed the बंगाल - बंगाल Road - LRB - बंगाल - RRB - joined together in बंगाल Bengal and led to the criminal disobedience of the Government of India and the Government of Bengal .
Das was inspired by his characteristic role in this opportunity to defend a great sage .
The evidence against Aurobindo mostly consisted of his letters to his wife and speeches and articles.
Das tried to establish that Sri Aurobindo was the most religious minded God - inspired Vedantist whose patriotism and love for his countrymen were the basis of his politics .
Commenting on the " वाम भारत " which was based on the question of the spread of the left - wing throughout India Subhas Chandra said :
The first great ideal which he sets out in this letter is that he must be a trustee of all his property .
It is his duty to spend as little as possible on himself for the sake of God to keep him alive for the sake of God .
How ?
By doing work for God ' s help by feeding those who are hungry and needy .
Only then and then can you repay God ' s loan .
They are not their personal interests and they are determined to live .
He wants only as much as he is necessary for nourishment ; the rest he will give to God .
The only way to do this is to earn charity and to help the needy .
The other great ideal which he points towards is that it is the belief of his mind that it is possible to see God not in the real way but by seeing God in his own mind one can become one .
There is another point and he will show that the letter also contains a hidden hint towards the spiritual guide .
" Because you know that when a Hindu puts himself to a spiritual guide he does not name his Guru or the fact that he has made it .
He cannot even tell his wife if he cannot order it .
( By reading ) the law of liberty ( विद्यामान ) and that if anybody is given the rules of conduct according to which he can feel God within him he gives shape to his life according to these rules .
Then they come to their third ideal .
Here he lays the basis of his patriotism.
Unless you realise that the whole universe is the manifestation of the universal God ; unless you feel within yourself that this world that you look round and this world which you all live and this country is the expression of the Godhead .
These are unreal as long as you do not realise the बीच association between them .
But when you realise that they are not separated from Brahman but are parts and manifestations of divinity that very moment they cease to be unreal and become real.
Das referred to the evidence of several other witnesses commented on them and while summing up said " I must thank Your Honour and gentlemen assessors for the very kind and patient hearing me in this case .
My only wish was that the trial had to be referred to by someone else but since the responsibility for this action fell upon me I made every effort to सुसम्बद्ध all the evidence of this trial before the court .
A few days later he was brought to the Yervada jail in Poona. Mr Joseph Baptista his counsel who had already received papers from the London solicitor Mr बप्तिस्ता interviewed him on 13th September 1910 at the instance of Madame Cama .
The Government of India afraid of trying Savarkar before a regular court of law appointed a Special Tribunal under a special ordinance to try the case without a jury denying him the right of appeal .
The Tribunal was composed of the Chief Justice of Bombay Sir स्कॉट Scott the Deputy Commissioner Sir N. G. स्कॉट and Mr Justice स्कॉट .
The counsel for the prosecution comprised Mr श्री Advocate General Bombay Mr के Mr वेलिंकर Bar - at - Law Sir बंबई and Mr Ni - सरकारी the public advocate .
The famous बप्तिस्ता on the defence were Sri Joseph Baptista Sri बप्तिस्ता Sri Govin - बप्तिस्ता Gadgil and Sri बप्तिस्ता .
This Special Tribunal was constituted to try three cases against Savarkar .
The first case involved thirty - eight accused ; while Savarkar was one the other involved Savarkar and Gopalrao ; who were both co - accused in the first case and the third case was only against Savarkar .
They were tried under eight different charges .
Ka - काशीनाथ . . . Joshi दत्तात्रेय M . R . Kulkarni and the cook of the India House accused of sending twenty Browning pistols to India were named सरकारी .
The chief prosecution counsel Mr अभियोक्ता made his speech start the prosecution which occupied the first day .
The court then decided that Savarkar ' s illegal arrest at Marseilles did not in any sense affect the powers of the Indian court to try .
About three hundred witnesses were examined and a number of documents were filed .
Most of the witnesses complained to the court that they had given their statements before the magistrate to avoid torture and to save their relations from harassment at the hands of the police and so they could not be regarded as authentic .
After the evidence of witnesses was recorded the Chief Justice asked Savarkar to hold his case .
The undaunted Savarkar said :
I am innocent of the charges levelled against me .
I took part in the proceedings of the trial in England where courts were formed according to democratic rules sanctioned by the people .
In such courts one can expect to get justice .
The position in Indian languages is the opposite .
I am not subordinate to the jurisdiction of Indian Courts ; so I refuse to make any statement or produce evidence for my defence . "
The Advocate General made a long speech which lasted a week .
Though Savarkar ' s name was final in the list he began with Savarkar .
The defence counsel also took nearly a week to complete their arguments on behalf of several accused .
On Saturday the दीर्घकालिक day of the protracted trial the judges gave their seats amid a silent silence to the court when they sat down .
The Chief Justice began to deliver sentences with Savarkar .
Vinayak Damodar Savarkar the court orders you to transportation for life and forfeiture of all your property . "
The decisions were ex parte and arbitrary solely on the evidence of the prosecution .
The legality of his arrest on the French soil did not bother the Tribunal.
In this trial also Savarkar maintained his न्यायाधिकार stand and refused to submit to the authority of the Government of India for it was likely to prejudice the case that was going on in the international court .
The second trial opened on January 23 1911 .
After the Advocate General 's summing up Savarkar was कठघरे from the dock of the court to present his case.
Savarkar reiterated his innocence and said that he had no direct or indirect connection with this crime .
He asked the court to consider that the so - called partnership was brought before the Tribunal the only proof that राव Rao was found a copy of the leaflet ' बंदे ' ' ' ' which he was not concerned with the murder of Jackson .
As for the pistol which was used in killing Jackson it was हत्या contended that there was no sufficient proof that Savarkar was the person who entrusted twenty Browning pistols with one of which Jackson was killed .
Notwithstanding vague contradictory and inconsistent evidence of the सरकारी on 30th January 1911 the Tribunal sentenced Savarkar to another transportation for life .
Savarkar then rose and said These memorable words :
I am prepared to face the severe penalty given by your laws without hatred for all because I believe that mere sacrifice and sufferings will lead to our beloved motherland from rapid success .
The sentenced to two years' transportation to life for a man is uncommon ; it is clear that while foreign powers are राज the natives .
These conditions were :
" that Savarkar should reside in the Ratnagiri district and shall have the permission of the government or the latter to leave the limits of the district .
Proceedings Before the Standing Court of the International Arbitration There was strong adverse criticism in the British and French press on the ground that Savarkar was forcibly imprisoned by the British Government .
The French government demanded Savarkar ' s return .
Sir Edward Gray the Foreign Secretary of the British Government was compelled to sign an agreement with the Ambassador M . Paul फ्रेंच the Ambassador of the French Republic to refer the Savarkar case to the Supreme Court of the Hague .
The point of view was that if a criminal escape from one person to another reaches the territory of the other country and without completing the rules of procedure the local police can ask the state of the case to be passed by the local police .
The Hague International Tribunal was composed of M . Graham an Ex - Minister of Norway and Mr हॉलैंड हॉलैंड a member of the Second Chamber of Holland .
M . Louis न्याय was an eminent juris न्याय an authority on International Law a permanent member of the Nobel Prize winner and the Hague Tribunal .
My public life began in 1893 in South Africa in troubled times .
My first contact with British authority in that country was not happy .
I realised that as a man and an Indian I had no rights ; it would be more correct to say that I had no rights as a man because I was an Indian . "
After tracing the sequence of events he said : " I believe that I have done the service of India and England and made it my way to escape through non - cooperation the निकलने state in which both are living .
In my humble opinion non - co - operation with evil is as necessary as cooperation with the good .
I would like to teach my countrymen that non - cooperation only increases evil and that evil can be sustained only by violence .
Let me therefore set aside for my noble duty the Supreme Court in the eyes of the law which is the deliberate breach of the law and the highest responsibility of a citizen in my eyes I shall gladly invite you and make you perfect .
The judge and the Advocate General the military officer and the political leaders were all intently listening to this memorable statement .
Gandhiji took fifteen minutes to read it .
As he was reading it he could suddenly feel the atmosphere of the room changing .
Who else could have performed his duty better .
To combine the dignity of his position and the courtesy due to the great prisoner before him was no easy task .
When he reached the end of his judgment he could not find the words and passed the sentence of simple imprisonment for six years .
He said " Mr Gandhiji you have made my job easier by accepting your offence .
Nevertheless the rest of the work which is still दंड - LRB - दंड - RRB - is such a cruel problem which no judge in this country has faced .
Laws do not favour people ; yet it is not possible to ignore the fact that you are quite different from any persons I have tried or am likely to pursue them .
It is impossible to ignore the fact that for millions of his countrymen you are a great patriot and a great leader .
Even those who differ from you in politics look upon you as a man of high ideals and noble men .
The judge then addressed the Banker : " I think you were sufficiently under the influence of your leading man .
I propose to you a simple imprisonment of six or six months on the first two counts that is to say in all a year imprisonment and a fine of a thousand rupees on the third count against six months' simple imprisonment . "
Gandhiji replied: " I should say one thing .
Since you have done me the honour of recalling the trial of the late Lokmanya Bal Gangadhar Tilak I just want to say that I feel regard and regard for my inclusion in his name .
So far as the sentence is concerned I am definitely thinking that a judge could give me no less than this and as far as the proceedings are concerned I must say that I could not expect more from the courtesy .
A minute passed after the pronouncement of the decision .
He got up bowed and बाहर .
I can now see the tiny little देवदूत of the stable bed : the only parallel in history of the most invincible angel of liberty who had loved humanity and in their beautiful words approached the poor .
The most epic event of the modern age soon ended .
It started on 15 March 1929 and ended almost four years later .
The trial was conducted on a very wide scale .
The evidence consisted of 25 printed volumes of folio size .
On the whole the अभियोग articles were exhibited by the prosecution and nearly 20 witnesses recorded by the defence .
The judgment itself was printed in two volumes covering 676 pages of folio size .
This historical trial lasted four - and - a - half years and involved almost the entire leadership of the communist and trade union movements across the country .
During the entire period of the trial most of the accused were refused bail and despite several attempts by the defendants a trial by jury was denied on flimsy grounds .
The Meerut conspiracy case exposed the true face of British imperialism against organised opposition or dissent which could challenge the political and economic superiority of the established order .
It was in fact a determined effort to crush the organised labour movement and Marxist influence in India as all the major industries and businesses were dominated by the British .
The period 1928 - 1929 was significant in Indian history for it was the beginning of an organised left - wing movement ( including all economic and political organs ) .
The organisation of trade unions enabled the workers to express their grievances and strive for better working conditions .
Although the Communist Party of India had been active for a long time in India the movement had not achieved much support by 1927 .
It was only after 1927 that during the श्रमिक श्रमिक - 29 the communists made considerable headway in their efforts to infiltrate the trade unions and the labour organisation as well as to win over a powerful section of the nationalist देशभक्त .
Even some British nationals were making their active contribution to this movement .
Soon the British Government became alarmed and undertook a series of legislative and administrative steps to nip the movement in the bud.
The most important and repressive measures were the launching of a mass conspiracy case against prominent left - wing trade leaders which greatly influenced the future of the Indian Communist Party and the whole communist movement in the country .
The Government of India was in continuous correspondence with the British Government in England and was taking instructions to adopt legislative and punitive measures .
Like the trials of Savarkar तिलक Tilak and Mahatma Gandhi Bhagat Singh and his comrades have also found a place in the history of India ' s struggle for freedom .
The British Raj could not dim the spirit and courage of the freedom fighters who faced the sentence of death with a smile on their face .
During the trial of Bhagat Singh all established rules and procedures had been sentenced to death while leading a regular charge against them the practice was adopted with an entirely new attitude .
It is not possible to give full account of the exceptional courage of Bhagat Singh and his companions which in short may be said to have inspired Bhagat Singh and his comrades to Lahore in 1928 .
It was a period of unrest in the country when a large section of the population was demanding independence from British political oppression and economic exploitation .
To assuage the feelings of Indians Sir Simon with his team came to India in 1928 .
As the Commission did not represent India on its behalf Gandhiji called for its boycott .
Punjab under the leadership of Lala Lajpat Rai took the lead and in 30th October 1928 a peaceful procession was drawn out for the साइमन Simon Go back on the roads of Lahore " लाला India " We are our पंजाब .
This procession was led by Lala Lajpat Rai and Bhagat Singh .
Suddenly without any provocation or warning lathi - blows began raining on the public on the orders of the Deputy Superintendent of Police Mr Scott and Assistant Superintendent of Police Mr GP .
The outer jail compound was well protected .
Mr Asaf Ali a leading young lawyer from Delhi appeared in the court on behalf of the defence while the Crown was represented by the government advocate R. B . Suraj Narayan .
The magistrate was Mr F . B . Pool a British judge .
Apart from the counsel and the press representatives Mrs Asaf Ali किशन Sri Kishan Singh ( Bhagat Singh ' s father ) किशन Bhagat Singh ' s mother and the wife of Ajit Singh and two trained magistrates were there .
Bhagat Singh and Dutt of B were brought into the court at eight minutes past ten .
Entering the court Bhagat Singh shouted in a thunderous voice 'Long Live the इंकलाब and M . Dutt shouted साम्राज्यवाद with ' imperialism ' .
These slogans created a court .
The court recorded the shouts and ordered the police to exercise हाथों in both the hands of the accused .
" A newspaper " said .
After the prosecution witnesses had been examined Bhagat Singh and Dutt were asked to give their statements which they refused to give .
On 8 April 1929 you were present in the Assembly ?
Similarly B . Dutt also answered the court 's questions and declined to make a statement .
The court then heard the defence counsel who made a masterly speech for forty minutes each.
After hearing the defence arguments the court made the alleged attempt to murder under Section हत्या of the Indian Penal Code and the Explosive Substances Act ( चोट ) to kill both the accused and several persons .
” Punishment can be regarded as प्रतिशोधात्मक , preventive or preventive .
In this case both the accused appear to have been completely callous as to what might suffer their acts might have resulted in the death of not one but of several persons who had offered them no form of provocation and who were not even acquainted with their existence .
The accused say that they regard human life as a " sacred " .
Their claim is खारिज from their actions .
Their attitude throughout has been that they have done all that is just fair and rational .
This attitude is testimony to the fact that he did not commit this crime in transient impulse but in a deliberate plan .
With such an attitude it is possible to do what they once did - even try to do again .
From the preventive point of view their offences demanded severe punishment .
The offence is likely to result from a criminal attitude which he or she claims strict punishment .
The accused are young men ; but they did it and made preparations for these complicated acts .
Sometimes they even refused to attend the court and were forcibly taken there .
This created serious legal and procedural problems particularly since the accused were being tried for murder and the proceedings could not be conducted in his absence .
The Punjab Government asked for help from the Government of India in order to overcome these difficulties particularly in the court of law .
The Government of India promulgated an ordinance on 1st May 1930 . III .
This ordinance entrusted the trial to a Special Tribunal like the one which tried the लाहौर during the First World War to be constituted by the High Court Judges of the High Court of Lahore consisting of the High Court .
The Tribunal was invested with special powers to deal with wilful obstruction.
It suggested that all cases pending in the court of Rai Sahib Pandit Sri Kishan first - class magistrate Lahore against 24 persons would be tried by the Tribunal constituted under Section 4 .
The Chief Justice of the High Court would constitute a Tribunal for such cases consisting of three persons who at that time are judges of the High Court .
The Chief Justice of the High Court may constitute a member of the Tribunal and give the Tribunal the power to make a person legally authorized to the offence committed by him .
Even if death sentence was passed it would not require confirmation by the High Court in the Code of Criminal Procedure .
If an accused deliberately सामने before the Tribunal or छुटकारा him in his muscle or continues to undergo a violent conduct in the case of अभियुक्त or trial the accused will find the case in such a situation .
The decision of the Tribunal was final and conclusive and no order or sentence of the court could be appealed against under any law either under the provisions of the Code of Justice or of the other judicial statute न्यायिक or
Moreover the High Court was not empowered to reconsider any such order or punishment or to transfer the case further than the Tribunal ; or to make any order under Section आपराधिक of the Chamber ( स्थानांतरित ) or any proceedings relating to the ordinance .
This was an extraordinary proceeding and the result was a foregone conclusion .
The Lahore conspiracy trial was held in Poonch House at Lahore and the Special Tribunal started its proceedings on May 5 1930 with Mr Justice J . हैदर Chairman and Mr Justice Agha Haider and Mr Justice G . C . 1930 .
The proceedings started at 11 in the morning .
The revolutionaries were tried at ten o 'clock and two minutes .
Contemporary records say that he shouted revolutionary slogans for a short time and then for eight minutes a revolutionary song . "
As in the previous trial of his Assembly bomb trial in Delhi Bhagat Singh declined to have a legal counsel for his defence as he firmly believed the whole case .
You know my views in the political field are very different from you .
I have always been acting independently without your consent or concurrence . "
As was known to everybody the court found Bhagat Singh and his comrades guilty.
In the findings of the court there were three kinds of evidence against Bhagat Singh .
The judgment of the case was pronounced on 7th October 1930 : " In this considered and cowardly murder his participation in this deliberate and cowardly murder and considering his position as one of the leading leaders of the conspiracy he is sentenced to death . "
The rest were sentenced to transportation for life .
They will not be satisfied with the puppet parliament at Delhi which has been set up by the dispensation of the Westminster .
Nor will they recognise the sovereignty of the British Crown even if one day it may be exercised through an Indian Viceroy .
We shall form our Constitution not at any Round Table Conference in London but here in India in India in the midst of a struggle.
The British Crown धृष्टता to deprive us of this inalienable right .
The only way to the establishment of a constitutional government in India is to declare a revolutionary war against the British Crown which has captured India ' s power .
He also dealt with separately the relation of imperialism the national revolution agrarian revolution and the communist international and communist parties .
Sadly he was not allowed to read his defence in the court .
If allowed it would have received wider publicity and attention all over the world would have been drawn to it .
The trial was concluded on January 6 1932.
In his statement before the Sessions Court the appellant prays in aid the principles of अपीलकर्ता and बेंथम and claims that they are certified to try to overthrow a government by violence .
The writings of Hume and Bentham are quite irrelevant to the present issue however weighty the opinion of these philosophers may be in academic matters .
Having decided to go beyond the stage of academic discussion it was necessary that the appellant should regard not only the attractive doctrines of political philosophers but also the mundane matters of fact and provisions of the Indian Code .
" This court has no concern with the appellant ' s claims or the justification of his political views ; but the court may take note of the fact that it was certain thought and concern and stand behind it .
After this information अपीलकर्ता that the appellant considered power as moral : it is not possible to put an end to his activities or to make them honest in peaceful legitimate political propaganda since 1921 . "
After considering the evidence the judge held that under Section 121 - A of the Indian Penal Code ( A. N. Roy was convicted of the charges but they were reduced to a rigorous imprisonment for six years .
M. N. Roy was confined to prison after his arrest in 1931 .
In jail he had remained unwell and practically in solitary confinement .
By the decision of appeal on 2nd May 1933 most of his friends had deserted him .
He had to prepare himself for further appeal to the Privy Council .
All attempts were made to free him and papers were sent to Dr . बैरिस्टर in Germany who was to engage some barrister in London .
Sir Stafford Cripps agreed to look into the papers for filing the appeal to the Privy Council .
He held that it would be futile to expect any relief to the Privy Council .
He stated that the unfavourable verdict of the Privy Council would not only cause harm to their case but may also make a criminal decision in England .
However राय Roy was of the view that as far as India was concerned the situation would be hardly affected by an adverse decision of the Privy Council whereas a favourable verdict would be advantageous.
In his opinion the extension of the possible support to the British is far - reaching and remote enough to counter - balance the immediate advantages of a favourable decision . "
Although Roy wrote a number of letters to express his views he handed over the responsibility of taking the decision to counsel in England for many reasons the latter was unfortunately delayed and no evidence of the judgment was lost in the court .
Thus the trial ended with the judgment of the Allahabad High Court .
Thus closed the trial which had started with the arrest of N. B . Das Gupta दासगुप्ता S. Usmani उस्मानी M . Ahmad and S . A . अहमद .
There can be no two opinions that British rulers made every effort to crush any organised movement whether communist or nationalist , as it threatened their capitalist interests .
Roy was an international figure a क्रांतिकारी revolutionary .
His defence speech was as celebrated as that of जोला . in the होता case .
His arguments and research were subsequently utilised in the trials of Sheikh Abdullah .
It had only one objective : a decisive attack on foreign rule in India and free the country .
In the mid - 1945 after the bombing of Hiroshima in Japan the resistance of the Axis powers broke.
The Japanese army surrendered and with it also the officers and soldiers of the Indian National Army .
On 18th August 1945 Netaji died in an air accident : surrender of Japan and Netaji ' s death had changed the course of history .
Some were executed : some were severely punished and most of the other officers and men were brought to India .
The government wanted to treat them as दंड and punish them .
But after the end of the First War the political conditions in the country had undergone a considerable change .
The British were made aware that they would now have to go and so they decided not to be treated as बागियों and rebels from the INA soldiers and officers as बागियों by Jawahar Lal of them as बागियों .
At any time it was not proper to treat him as such but at this time when India stands on the verge of change it would be a mistake to treat them as common rebels .
Subhas Chandra Bose thus decided that it would be wise to prove his guilt before the general public and the world at large.
He was advised to charge the breach of oath of treason and देशद्रोह .
The Judge Advocate very fairly summed up the case of both the prosecution and the defence for the benefit of the court .
It was claimed that all the charges had been proved and the rules of International Law relating to war would not apply in the case of officers of the Indian Army owing allegiance to the king .
The defence contended that the following facts were conclusively proved :
On the basis of these facts the defence had claimed that in view of the circumstances under which it was formed and worked it had the right to fight for its country ' s freedom .
If such a government has the right to युद्ध a right which is recognised and acceptable to all countries then under the युद्ध law two independent countries or two states can war against each other and against the action of the war .
The defence contended that modern International Law has recognised the right of subject races not as a united body but as an organised army to fight for their liberation .
In the event of the accused being found guilty on the charge of waging a war the court was bound to sentence the accused either to death or to transportation for life; no lesser sentence was permissible under the युद्ध law .
The court sentenced the three accused to life . . नौकरी and forfeiture of arrears of pay and allowances .
No finding or sentence by court martial is complete until confirmed.
The confirming officer in this case the Commander - in - Chief who is also the confirming officer is satisfied with the findings of this court and has in conformity with the evidence .
The confirming officer is however competent to mitigate the charges and remit the sentences.
As has been said in the newspapers the Government of India ' s policy in the future is to declare such persons as accused persons as if they are a prosecution witness to the ultra - vires the case being made perfectly fit for the offence .
The Commander - in - Chief had decided to treat the three accused in connection with the sentence and to remit the sentence of transportation for life .
He however confirmed the sentence of नौकरी and forfeiture of all arrears of pay and allowances since he gave up his allegiance to the State and fought against the state in every case a serious offence .
Following this principle is essential for the stability of any government established in the present or future .
To deal with such a Tribunal was even more difficult for the defence counsel .
He had to explain the complex problems of international law in such a simple language that the judges before him could understand clearly the well - known men of war and of common knowledge .
For this purpose Shri Desai utilised his sharp intelligence and his persuasive eloquence .
None who read his defence can fail to realise the proper application of an enlightened and great lawyer .
This was the last trial of Indian patriots by the British Government .
The first trial of Bahadur Shah Zafar was an example of British injustice the last an example of justice and fairness .
Sheikh Muhammad Abdullah Sheikh Muhammad Abdullah was born on 5 December 1905 at श्रीनगर a suburb of Srinagar .
Two weeks before his birth his father had left behind him a widow . six sons and two daughters .
The entire family was गुजर by regular व्यापार shawl trade.
Sheikh Abdullah passed his matriculation from the Government High School at Srinagar and in 1930 he passed his Masters in Physics from the Aligarh Muslim University in Physics .
Early life of Sheikh Abdullah was influenced by Islamic teachings and history through his धर्मपरायण religious mother and elder brother .
Poet Iqbal also made a great impact .
After entering politics he was impressed by the views of Gandhi गांधी Azad हुए Nehru and the AH brothers .
In 1930 Abdullah organised the " Young Muslim Association " to demand better representation of Muslims in government service .
Later he joined the Government High School at Srinagar as a science teacher but continued his political activities to which he was soon dismissed .
He got the first political identity and when he was included in a committee of seven prominent Kashmiri Muslims ( in July 1931 ) the police shot out of the court at the time of Abdul Qadir ' s trial . this committee was drawn up against it .
Sheikh Abdullah was first arrested on 21st September 1931 .
He was elected president of the " Muslim Conference formed in October 1932 .
In early 1939 he was converted into the " National Conference of which he was the President till 1953 except for 1942 and 1944 .
In May 1946 he was sentenced to nine years' imprisonment for launching the " Quit India कारावास " movement and the right of the Maharaja on Kashmir .
On 29 September 1947 after his release from the jail he declared that the future of his State would not be ruler but the people .
Sheikh Abdullah mobilised popular resistance against the raiders and support for accession of Kashmir to India .
On 31 October 1947 he was appointed President of the Emergency Administration and on 5 March 1948 made the Prime Minister of the state .
In June 1949 he joined the Constituent Assembly of India .
He was one of the signatories to the Constitution and a misunderstanding between the Indian leaders and Sheikh Abdullah culminated in his dismissal and arrest on 9th August 1953 as he was suspected of seeking a separation of Kashmir from India .
He assumed the role of a mediator between India and Pakistan in their dispute over Kashmir but his attitude regarding Kashmir ' s association with India was very complicated .
His confused views and contradictory pronouncements made him a suspect in Indian political circles as also among a large section of कश्मीरियों .
On 27 May 1964 the process of negotiation came to an abrupt end after Nehru ' s death .
Sheikh Abdullah was arrested again on 8th May 1965 for his activities abroad and his alliance with enemies of India .
The splendid कैद of his कैद फुट कैद with its कैद long - term कैद . and निर्भीकता डील by six feet high डील and six feet high डील Sheikh Abdullah was one of the most prominent political figures in Kashmir .
Sheikh Muhammad Abdullah the case of a tiger ( 1946 ) where law is not based on the will of the people it will be the suppression of their aspirations.
Such law may be enforced for some time but it does not have any moral validity .
Above all there is a law which represents the will of the people a tribunal of man ' s conscience which will not be governed by the rules and regulations of the ruling classes .
The movement had not been confined to British India but spread over the entire subcontinent including the princely states where the condition of the people was no better than that of the British states .
The Indian National Congress was engaged in the attempt to gain freedom from British rule in India while the people in the princely states were struggling for freedom from monarchical rule .
The Amritsar Treaty a very sensitive princely state of India was the government of the Dogras under the Treaty of Amritsar signed in 1846 whereby the British sold Kashmir to Maharaja Gulab Singh for a paltry sum of Rs 50 lakhs .
Since then the Maharajas were ruling the people of Kashmir as their personal property .
The freedom movement in Kashmir was started by Sheikh Muhammad Abdullah . Pandit बजाज बजाज and others in the direction of Mahatma Gandhi and Jawahar Lal Nehru and the movement had gone to strength .
After the end of the Second World War in 1946 when the Cabinet Mission headed by Lord लारेंस Lawrence came to India Sheikh Abdullah placed before it the people of Kashmir and their right to independence .
He said :
As the Mission is presently संबंधों the relations of the Nawabs of the Supreme Being with respect to the Treaty : we wish to say that it was a very serious issue for us that the Sikhs landed in Kashmir a thousand years before and hundred years .
The then Governor of Kashmir resisted transfer but was finally reduced to subjection with the aid of the British .
Rapid industrialisation has led to deterioration in the quality of air .
The wide use of coal and fossil fuels in industries and petroleum fuel in motor vehicles aggravated the air pollution problem.
Our atmosphere seems to be a waste - basket into which dust मिटटी fumes toxic gases and other pollutants are प्रदूषक .
In Russia a chemical manufacturing complex near Leo Tolstoy ' s former estate has been discharging chemical vapours and fumes into the air for years .
As a result oak and जंगल forests in this renowned tourist area are being destroyed .
India is not free from air pollution though in our country the number of vehicles in comparison to the western ones is still very small .
Air pollution is increasing in our cities and our cities are no less dangerous than London or New York .
It is reported that about 25 per cent of the student population in Greater Calcutta is susceptible to tuberculosis largely due to increasing air pollution .
The increase in population as well as the increase in industrial pollution ( according to the latest Census states that the country ' s population is around 85 million and is estimated to cross the billion mark by the end of the century .
Water pollution has acquired dangerous dimensions ever since sewage and industrial effluents are being disposed into the rivers .
The rivers once considered sacred are now turning murky and बदबूदार .
It is a pity that three - fourth of our country ' s population is forced to drink dirty water not because of the waste water and industrial waste which is threatening not only for human life but for water .
The Indian beaches are still not as dirty as compared to the beaches of other countries .
Inorganic में phosphates and पोटाश been applied to larger quantities of inorganic fertilizers .
They get deposits of phosphates and nitrates in lakes and rivers which result in large amounts of algae which cause great damage to aquatic plants and transport away from algae to distant .
Besides fertilisers numerous types of कीटनाशियों insecticides and खरपतवारनाशियों are also used .
These substances are reported to contaminate both surface and ground water .
फ्लुओराइड of fluoride is often seen on plants with धूल dust grains and फ्लुओराइड of gaseous plants and at times more than 50 on the inside and outside .
वायु in the air affect the leaves of fruits such as apples वायु apricot fig फ्लुओराइड फ्लुओराइड फ्लुओराइड and lemon family .
ओजोन which contains ozone करके nitrates and other प्रकाश प्रकाश is reported to produce early maturity and senescence in plants .
Some tree leaves when exposed to the air full of ozone are affected by पत्तों on the upper surface of the leaves .
Ozone ओजोन may be observed in grape citrus and tobacco plants .
Many other gaseous pollutants also cause damage to plants .
Ammonia and hydrogen sulphide are also toxic to plants .
Studies on the effect of air pollution provide information on the chemical nature of air pollutants .
The day is not far off when some plant species will be used as signals for the effect of pollutants affecting human health .
This ozone layer is very important to the earth as it acts as a screen and prevents ultraviolet radiations from the sun to reach the earth .
Until 1987 the depletion of the ozone layer was not of much concern .
But since the detection of a hole in the ozone layer in the earth ' s stratosphere over the Antarctic made scientists sit up and serious ideas .
The hole has grown since then and it may now extend to an area in the United States .
The discovery of another hole in the ozone layer by Canadian scientists further increased the concern of the scientists.
These holes drift around according to weather .
Not only holes but also thinning of the ozone layer over the entire surface has been observed.
What are these holes in the ozone layer ?
What causes thinning of the ozone layer ?
This is probably due to the use of chlorofluorocarbons ( क्लोरोफ्लोरोकार्बन ) worldwide as फोम फोम स्प्रे in aerosol sprays and plastic foam .
It is important to ensure that the pollution control equipments are operated continuously and rigorously by the वायु .
For protection of human health power stations fertiliser plants पीडकनाशी cement and धुआं industries or any other industry that discharges heavy smoke and toxic fumes should be installed away from human populations .
Trees have the ability to absorb carbon dioxide and help reduce the atmospheric carbon dioxide levels thus maintaining equilibrium in the air .
To control automobile emissions a number of techniques have been developed such as improved soaps वाहनों reactors and engines .
धुएं produce a major effect on emission compounds.
For example high air and fuel ratio will reduce the concentrations of both carbon dioxide and hydrocarbons .
The catalytic reactor मोनोआक्साइड toxic carbon monoxide to the innocuous carbon dioxide thereby reducing the nitrogen oxides to nitrogen .
Engine modifications have some marked advantages.
In the modified engine a broad flame is produced for burning of fuel .
Intensive research is on the anvil to produce pollution - free engines .
The effects of this disease are तंत्रिका तंत्रिका and genetic disorders along with damage to many parts of the body .
One of the worst air pollution disasters occurred in London in December 1952 .
A dense fog settled on the city for four days leading to many deaths .
From the mortality records it was observed that about 4 000 deaths occurred a year earlier during the episode and in the following weeks .
Further a close correlation was found between excess atmospheric concentrations of smoke and sulphur dioxide and mortality.
Before the London environment accident occurred a crash in the बेल्जियम Valley in Belgium in the first week of December 1930 due to the heavy fog fumes emitted from the neighbouring industrial plants .
The report stated that many residents complained of respiratory difficulties and the rate of mortality during the ordinary circumstances was ten times more .
In October 1948 there was a catastrophe in . Pennsylvania USA in the highly industrial region .
The weather was मौसम and the air was almost stable .
There were 17 deaths in an area where in normal circumstances only two deaths were done .
At मेक्सिको Rica in Mexico an industrial accident took place in a refinery in November 1950 .
The entire region of Los Angeles was affected for some time with relatively high concentrations of air pollutants which caused irritation of the eyes nose and throat .
A peculiar malady from 1924 to 1927 afflicted fishermen along the east ~ coast of बाल्टिक facing the Baltic Sea .
The condition was termed को रोग रोग because it afflicted the समुदाय community लोग .
The disease was manifested in muscle cramps and anaemia resembling अल्परक्तता gas poisoning.
We all know about rains which shower water .
But have you ever heard of the rain in which acid sets out instead of water ?
Of course it is a new phenomenon occurring since the past three decades in different parts of the world where industries are clustered and where large numbers of automobiles units are located .
Rain falls as pure water flows along the earth reacts with the oxides of sulphur and nitrogen to form acid .
Of course it comes from industries where coal and oil are fired धुएं and automobile fumes .
Acid rain is thus created by industrial activities that pollute the air .
The major sources are electric power plants which are used for burning coal for power generation .
Most of the coal contain sulphur which is converted to sulphur dioxide when the coal is burned.
Why are environmental scientists so worried about acid rain ?
For it is a world - wide crisis ; the large portion of the northern hemisphere of the world it now seems to have reacted to the industrial areas of the southern hemisphere which चपेट the streams of fresh अम्लीय waters of fresh water .
अम्लता or पानी of water is measured on पी scale .
As already stated the rain - water content is less than 7 .
What then is the simple rain - water that अम्लीय the acid waters of वर्षा and then the same धरती on the earth as acid rain ?
The change is due to the gases from industries ( oxides of sulphur ) and automobile exhausts ( oxides of nitrogen ) .
These gases react under the influence of सूर्य catalysts and sun ' s rays before dissolving in water droplets and ice crystals to form acid solutions .
These acid solutions fall to the earth as rain hail snow hail dew and mist .
A peculiarity of acid rain is that while the causative agents are emitted at one place the acid rain falls at another .
The pollutants released in one country enter the atmosphere while air currents reach thousands of kilometres and fall as acid rain in another .
For example the pollutants released in England and Germany were deposited as acid rain in Sweden and Norway .
Although Canada leaves less polluted gases in comparison to US acid rain is higher in Canada .
Rainfall knows no national boundaries and unlike other pollutants acid rain is regarded as a global phenomenon .
Since the advent of the industrial revolution in the eighteenth century man was engaged in discovering varied sources of energy for manufacturing varied types .
Ultimately more coal and fuel have to be burnt and the sulphur contained in the fuel gets converted to sulphur dioxide. In this century it is the largest producer of gas in the atmosphere .
The problem of acid rain started in the early 1950s .
To reduce the amount of emissions from the environment gas cylinders were used to relieve burning of coal and for burning of air fuels in thermal power stations .
The new power plants were set far away from the cities with high chimneys often more than 150 metres high to disperse the sulphur dioxide so that it would not reach the ground .
Most of the sulphur dioxide remains in the air for a long time so that more of it is converted to sulphuric acid .
A recent survey indicates that about 150 million tonnes of sulphur dioxide are discharged into the atmosphere every year which in turn is converted into sulphuric acid .
Two - thirds of acid rain is due to sulphuric acid .
About a third of acid rain is due to nitric acid which acts as a आक्साइड acid by reaction with oxides of nitrogen emitted by motor vehicles .
It is estimated that each year about 40 million tonnes of oxides of nitrogen are released into the atmosphere .
Most seriously affected is the strip of land running from western New York east to पूरब Massachusetts till North पृथ्वी .
As per a report acid rain has affected . national park in the forests of जंगलों .
Thirty years ago the forest was a dense canopy of red spruce and balm का .
Some of them are 30 metres high and some are centuries old .
It is a pity that most of these trees are dying turning the forest area into a barren hill .
Similar events are taking place in many other countries of the northern hemisphere like West Germany .
According to a report alone in central Europe 50 million square metres of forest have been damaged by acid rain .
About 20 per cent of the lakes of the United States have become barren but जीवनरहित .
Who is the culprit for the death of these lakes ?
Of course वर्षा acid rain .
It is reported that trout and salmon have become rare in many lakes and rivers of Scandinavia and Canada .
When the pH reduces to अम्लीयता rise - LRB - acidity ( अम्लीयता ) and increases - RRB - fish cannot breed .
सांस of aluminium compounds into their यौगिक cause respiratory problems .
These aluminium compounds are formed by the dissolution of sediments when the pH of water becomes acidic .
At the same time the variety and number of plants that grow in excess water also decreases .
Larger plants like Lily may completely disappear .
It has been known for many years that metals such as steel and copper in polluted air are rapidly damaged .
पत्थर is also attacked by acids and stone buildings and statues are being damaged in many cities .
Taj Mahal one of the world ' s seven wonders has developed such stones due to acid fumes emitted by a refinery at Mathura near Agra .
The यूनानी or marble maidens carved by Greek sculptor फिडियास in 5th century B . C . adorned the Greek capital of यूनान for 2500 years .
But in 1977 they were removed and placed in the museum .
The reason for this is acid rain .
Britain too has suffered from the effects of acid rain as is evident from the वर्षा of आक्सफोर्ड आक्सफोर्ड Oxford and London .
Acid rain has added a new dimension to international problems .
However there is a need for constant vigil in the country ' s शहरों as cities like Mumbai Kolkata and Delhi have high sulphur content .
Prevention and Control of Acid Rain Control of acid deposition is not easy as it is due to a variety of standard activities but the following steps should be taken to prevent the situation from getting out of handle .
Power stations which use coal as कोयले should use low sulphur coal.
The engines should be properly tuned so that the emission from the exhaust is much less .
It is used for insects like ants , चूहों चूहों etc . for living organisms which compete with man for food and in this process cause animals and plants and animals .
Chemicals and other substances used to control पीडकों are called पीडकों .
पशुओं crops prevent pests or pests but in the process they affect man and domestic animals .
About 1000 types of किसान are being used by farmers माली gardeners / माली gardeners / माली gardeners / माली and shops .
वहीं compounds are biodegradable and do not persist for long time .
For many years the injurious effects of थी were not known .
It was discovered in 1950 when scientists in the USA suddenly saw that the birds आबादी particularly those of the eagles हुऋ and हुऋ a kind of eagle that eats fish only .
Careful observation showed that these birds could lay only thin - shelled eggs .
A strange phenomenon that was observed was that birds were affected even in those places where DDT had not been spray .
Many years afterwards it was proved that since DDT was not biodegradable it remained unchanged and was carried over by air and rivers to distant parts of the earth and the sea .
So even in Antarctica ( where there is no likelihood of DDT reaching ) there is evidence of DDT in the शरीर body .
DDT accumulates in the human body .
It is still not known at what extent this build - up becomes harmful .
A survey conducted in 1989 - 90 indicated that about 600 people died of poisoning in India and thousands of people were crippled .
At जिले in Karnataka people were handicapped by the presence of पीडकनाशियों .
Moreover the number of natural enemies of पीडकों increased the number of new varieties of पीडकों .
Before any serious catastrophe occurs we will have to find a solution to the problem of reconciliation at the war level because India is the largest producer and user of प्रयोगकर्ता in South - Asia .
Recent research shows that our country uses 2 per cent of the world ' s विषाक्तता whereas they add 50 per cent of the world' s toxic fumes .
Further many toxic substances already banned in developed countries due to their high toxicity and विषाक्तता properties .
Some of the steps to avert pollution caused by pollution are:
Teach the farmers to use the किसानों for minimum .
Use selective and relatively safe chemicals
को research for the discovery of जैव .
नियंत्रण the pest and use new parasites and predators as enemies of the परजीवियों .
Encourage the use of neem products like वाले के from plants .
Use artificial बांझ to attract insects and make them बांझ .
Additional mechanical devices such as light trap may be found at present .
Above all scientists must be more interested in developing new varieties of crops having the capacity to resist फसलों .
Nature has taken millennia of years to shape this world .
It has given us a variety of materials to live and fun .
But man seems determined to destroy the world in this century .
He is depleting each available resource at a fast rate अपंग the streams of water , and converting them into कूडेदान .
In fact our planet is the only planet where 70 per cent is water and the rest is the planet .
But a man who lives only 30 per cent of this earth ' s only because of his पर्यावरण to the environment has been संकट and is poisoning it .
The policy of his destruction does not बाज .
Man ' s activities ( in the name of progress ) and the priceless gift of nature to the water must be seen heard or read to him to trust his influence .
The principal pollutants that affect the purity of our water resources are industrial effluents sewage and air pollution .
In this chapter mention will be made of industrial reservoirs urban and agricultural pollution along with ground - water and sea pollution .
It has been conceded that rivers and lakes are the right places to dump wastes .
Industrial activities generate a large variety of waste products which are generally discharged into nearby water .
All the industries that have been set up in the last four decades are the largest variety of waste products .
Some of these wastes are poisonous some are responsible for long - term effects particularly अशिष्ट and a lot of अशिष्ट substances which are yet to be known .
As technology is evolving newer types of wastes are produced .
This makes it very difficult to prevent chemical pollutants .
More than 66,000 compounds are used in the industry ; of which less than 2 per cent are tested for their ill - effects .
The हालैंड river in Holland for example is called the यूरोप of Europe .
By the time the हालैंड reaches the coast of Holland it has become 20 per cent sewage and industrial waste .
Inorganic wastes include acids धातुएं acids धातुएं dyes heavy metals , toxic substances ( such as गैसीय ) and gaseous pollutants .
Organic compounds also constitute a large part of industrial pollution .
The table below gives information on the waste generated from different industries .
Table - 2 Industries अपशिष्ट - 1) non - renewable wastes .
The major component of industrial waste.
Lead बैटरी mineral acids.
विरंजक
वस्त्र
पीडकनाशी
ग्रीस
Biological pollutants include bacteria , viruses plants and animals .
The impact of these pollutants on human health and fish health is described in the following pages .
औद्योगिक Both organic and inorganic acids are discharged into rivers in the form of industrial waste .
Ammonia acts of poison to fish when it enters the body through गलफडों .
The presence of excess amount of free chlorine in water courses is undesirable as it is a powerful प्रदाहक .
Hydrogen sulphide emits a foul smell which can be felt when nearing rivers and streams .
Even 0. 001 ppm of hydrogen sulphide in the water cause the smell of frozen egg .
Use of oil as fuel for fuel has aggravated the problem of pollution .
Oil circulates on the surface of water causing obstruction of oxygen in water.
Oil is reported to coat the fish सांस and affect their respiration.
Oil is pushed to the shore by water currents and winds which make the beaches dirty and making bathing or swimming impossible .
Out of them nearly 1,500 are dead and the unlucky ones are those who survived .
This condition did not even leave the foetus in the mother ' s womb .
Most forms of inorganic mercury are converted to methyl mercury by micro - organisms under certain conditions in the aquatic environment .
Fish directly absorb methyl mercury from their gills or eat some of the microscopic plants and animals that float in the water .
These plants and animals can extract methyl mercury from food to fish .
The quantum of mercury thus concentrated in the fish amounts to a million times more than the surrounding water .
Mercury enters and remains in the brain causing damage .
Accumulation of mercury in body also causes kidney damage and birth defects affecting the foetus in pregnant women ' s pregnancy .
पारा can affect liver function and cause diabetes and hypertension.
Cadmium ranks next to mercury in its poisoning .
The principal contributor of cadmium is the निकलता industry .
It tends to accumulate in the kidneys liver and thyroid and causes high blood pressure उच्चरक्तचाप nausea acute vomiting and diarrhea .
Cadmium tends to be absorbed by suspended particles and settles to the bottom of the water .
For this reason even in polluted rivers the cadmium levels in the water may not be detectable but can have serious consequences .
The हड्डियों - LRB - हड्डियां - RRB - हड्डियां - LRB - हड्डियां - RRB - involving skeletal deformities was so called because it led to the softening of bones in the disease .
The toxic effects of arsenic on humans are not known yet .
Since the tissues build up a tolerance to arsenic death takes place only when consumed in excess.
इसलिए enters water courses via the discharge of sheep - dipping effluents and through the use of अपशिष्टों and अपशिष्टों thus affecting the process of heredity .
It is a cumulative potent दस्त poison causing diarrhoea peripheral neuritis conjunctivitis श्लेष्माशोथ and high त्वचा and skin cancer .
The symptoms of metal poisoning appear much later .
Under the existing conditions in India these symptoms will be mistaken for poverty .
The pipes of lead pipes and plastic pipes which have been stabilised with lead compounds also supply water .
Both lead and arsenic damage the chromosomes thus interfering with the process of heredity.
Lead above the level of 40 रक्त per 100 grams of blood causes brain damage in children .
In 1977 a number of cattle died in आंध्रप्रदेश village in Andhra Pradesh .
The temperature of water is considered to be the chief property of the environment as it can affect the concentration of dissolved oxygen in water the concentration of carbon dioxide शारीरिक biochemical reactions and the physical activity of aquatic animals .
Most species of fish can adapt to water temperature provided the temperature drops gradually .
Sharp changes in temperature such as sudden rise or decrease are often harmful .
The temperature changes not only affect fish but also the entire aquatic environment .
If the temperature changes affect the types of small organisms.
The activities of pathogenic organisms are accelerated by higher temperatures and they become more dangerous .
Thus if one or two species disappear the ecosystem may not have sufficient diversity left to compensate for the damage .
Sewage Pollutants in Water pollution has been a problem ever since we started disposing sewage into our rivers and other water courses .
The problem has assumed serious dimensions during the past 50 years due to increased pollution especially through ever - increasing population .
Plastic शुद्धिकरण materials are toxic materials and the ocean cannot perish by its natural purification procedure .
घुटने and fish which mistake plastic as edible material swallow it and upon swallowing मृत्यु and swallow it .
In 1986 the US Academy of Sciences noted that the world ' s merchant ships dump at least 6. 6 tonnes of trash फेंकते annually.
In 1972 nations including the USA agreed to ban dumping of plastic into the oceans .
But this agreement does not consider the dumping of ordinary wastes which contain a lot of plastic materials .
The developed countries also became aware of pollution in the 1950s when the इंग्लैंड river in England became heavily polluted and barren .
We have not learnt any lesson from such disasters and are being thrown into the rivers without thinking .
As a result rivers which we consider holy are no longer so but are laden with pollutants making them unsuitable for water for drinking and other purposes .
After passing through Allahabad भागलपुर Kanpur कानपुर Lucknow वाराणसी Varanasi Monghyr इलाहाबाद भागलपुर Bhagalpur भागलपुर Bhagalpur Farakka and भागलपुर it gets many untreated sewage and industrial wastes .
The river Ganges is further polluted by lakhs of devotees bathing in its way .
Dead bodies and carcasses floating over its surface .
It is estimated that every year about 30,000 bodies are burnt on the banks of the Ganges .
राख and लाशें ( or जली ) bodies are discharged into the river बहा which makes it a mere drain or लाशें .
It flows through the Western Ghats of Karnataka and passes about 800 km through इरोड Erode and शराब in Tamil Nadu and through many chemicals वस्त्र Paper and Chinese रसायन in these areas polluted कारखानों
कावेरी discharged into Cauvery from these industries is estimated to be about 110 million litres per day .
There are about 400 tanneries in Tamil Nadu of which 260 units are located in the North Arcot district .
In the early years of this century Calcutta was known as the city of महलों and उद्यानों .
But water and air pollution in the city has risen to the extent that the World Health Organization in 1956 called it the शहर City of World .
However for some years the Ganga Action Plan was being implemented to clean the Hubli river and as per a 1991 report 65 projects were completed and about 8.3 million litres of waste water were being treated daily .
M . श्वसन writes in Calcutta about the levels of pollution : " The city of air pollutants water and noise pollution in Calcutta will survive in 2000 .
Water pollution caused by industrial wastes has led to increased the incidence of gastrointestinal diseases .
Nearly half of the Calcutta population lives in जल and water pollution has led to the rise of infant deaths in these settlements .
Conditions of some major lakes in India are no better .
है Lake हैदराबाद the major source of drinking water in Hyderabad has lost its pristine beauty to become the target of पानी water .
The divers engaged in searching for the submerged Buddha statue found that the water of the lake was too green to see their own palms .
This water contains sewage and industrial wastes from the small - scale industries ( around 1500 ) .
Adding to the problem is the immersion of Ganesh images made of plaster of पेरिस during the Ganesh Chaturthi festival every year .
However the Andhra Pradesh Pollution Control Board has recently woken up to ban such विसर्जन .
The Dal Lake in Jammu and Kashmir is full of पतवार .
This is a recent phenomenon caused by tourists who throw left - overs of their food into the Lake .
Encouraged by the waste feed the lake has grown उग which has considerably spoiled the lake condition .
The भारत Lake in eastern India is the world ' s only floating sanctuary .
It is in a serious crisis and may dry very soon .
जंगलों of forests and severe soil erosion have led to heavy siltation of the lake .
Experts say that if the lake is not गाद it will soon become a field for drama .
Renuka a picturesque lake in Himachal Pradesh contains abundant varieties of fish हैं tortoise and घडियाल .
The lake is reported to be drying - LRB - हाथी - RRB - because of heavy siltation due to mining practices and increased growth of elephant grasses .
The beautiful Chilka Lake in Orissa is choked with vegetation and needs to be attended on a war - scale effort .
Prevention and Control of Water pollution is the major contribution of industrial effluents and sewage .
This is the time for speedy action to avert any major accident .
Effluent treatment systems have to be incorporated as an integral part of the economy .
In addition some of the following measures can be taken :
The process of modernisation will be of great value in adopting new techniques which do not need water .
Of the 3 119 towns and cities in our country only eight have complete sewage treatment facilities at present in the towns and cities .
The remaining towns have no such facility which helps in increasing water - borne diseases and epidemics .
Treatment of sewage alone is not the only criterion for checking pollution .
Every citizen has to realise that pollution starts from his home .
Vegetables vegetables waste paper waste food plastic and such other items should not be thrown in open drains but disposed into paper bags and thrown into bins kept in the streets for throw away by the local bodies .
The elixir of life is a priceless commodity and should not be used .
Without water there can be no life on earth .
Oil was the major fuel for all the regions after the discovery of oil .
Unfortunately this fuel is not available in all parts of the world .
Most of the countries import oil from the oil - rich countries and as such millions of tonnes of oil daily.
Since transportation by road or by air is not feasible oil is transported by ships.
To cater to global requirements ships carry oil from one place to another .
The main routes are across the Arabian Sea .
These maritime accidents are mainly due to grounding collision fire or explosion resulting in the release of oil from the ships .
The first such accident occurred in 1967 .
If the hills are heaped together they will become mountains .
Our consumer society फेंकता large quantities of solid wastes from the households every day .
According to an estimate about 10 billion tonnes of solid wastes are produced every year round the world ; and if all these wastes are piled together a mountain becomes the mountain of the Everest .
The world ' s largest consumer nation is the most serious problem of solid waste in the United States .
Household refuse commercial waste industrial rubbish and construction debris total more than 7 lakh metric tonnes per day .
These solid wastes have become an integral part of our life .
Needless to say these wastes devour our precious landscape and spoil the aesthetics of the surrounding ages .
Any unwanted or discarded material thrown away solid from the normal activities of our day is solid waste .
This includes trash waste and waste products of the kitchen scraps and waste pieces of plastic धातुओं glass bottles घरों glass bottles घरों glass bottles घरों plastic fibre घरों from the kitchen - scraps of garbage thrown out of the घरों and garbage thrown out of the घरों streets .
This solves the disposal of wastes and also yields revenue besides compensating for the expenditure incurred on collection and transportation .
The use of waste as raw material in the manufacture of new products is called उत्पादों .
It has 2 distinct advantages : 1 : for the conservation of the present natural resources 17 trees are saved from the manufacture of one tonne of paper which are used for paper making .
By introducing a variety of plastic substances such as प्लास्टिक them are made to produce many useful items .
Biological substances are जैविक in biological situations .
This compost is a very good quality compost preparation .
Cow dung is now used for the manufacture of bio - gas .
The remaining dung slurry can be utilised as manure .
Conversion of Waste to Energy At the World level the 130 power generating plants - the largest of them getting about बिजली 000 tonnes of garbage per week into the nation - are the most locations .
But we are unable to generate electricity .
However there is a plant to produce a burning जलाने in Mumbai where it is processed before burning the जलाने .
The plant is expected to produce about 80 tonnes of कचरे per day .
These घरों can be used as fuel in industries and also in homes .
If the plant proves successful other sites would also have power generating plants from ऊर्जा .
In India and in all other methods land fill is considered to be the cheapest and most effective mode of disposal for solid waste disposal .
This is particularly useful for low - lying areas around the city .
Before this method the waste is filled in a blanket and is then plastered over with mud .
Land reclaimed by this method can be conveniently utilised for parks जमीन sports ground and for other light uses .
This method should not be used in areas where the levels of भूमिगत are high as groundwater can get contaminated .
जमीन effluents from metal extraction industries can be used to bridge the mines and the open mines and the ground can be जमीन
जलाकर and ताप are some other methods used in certain places .
राख is burning of wastes to a form which may not be harmful to health .
ताप is known as आक्सीजन in the absence of oxygen .
However these methods are not put in too much use as the quantity of ash produced is a nuisance and its disposal becomes a problem .
Keeping the city clean is the duty of every citizen and the measures suggested can be fruitful in achieving this goal .
Some substances ( elements and their particles ) are capable of अपघटित themselves and releasing energy in the form of exposure .
The radiation is not visible to our eyes but it can penetrate our body and cause great harm .
On August 6 1945 the first atom bomb was dropped in Hiroshima in Japan .
The garbage produced by nuclear power plants does not emit any offensive odour nor do they emit any harmful gases .
Despite these advantages wastes from nuclear power plants are considered dangerous .
The reason for this problem is that nuclear waste becomes harmless by millions of years .
The plutonium ( 200 kg per reactor ) produced during power generation is sufficient to cause cancer in all human beings .
Abnormal births . mutations त्वचा infertility में acute irritation of skin and lowering ability to fight body diseases are other serious influences .
Constant exposure to radiation causes genetic defects affecting generations .
Radio जैवरासायनिक are widely used in medical जैवरासायनिक industry and biology to determine the process of chemical and biochemical reactions .
Substances administered to patients and used in radiation therapy are proving to be an important source of loss caused by nuclear radiation .
एक्स - coloured television receiver of the एक्स . and X - ray हैं are making the problem more serious .
Prevention and Control of Radiation Radiation Radiation from natural sources cannot be prevented but the following measures could help man - made sources to some extent .
About one - fifth of the Indian Peninsula is covered by jungles .
A large number of species of animals are found in Indian forests .
It is known that there are 500 species of reptiles in Indian forests 2,100 species of birds and species of insects of various types .
Forests produce oxygen without which life is impossible .
They maintain a healthy balance of gases in the atmosphere .
They are great regulatory of climate .
Plants increase the humidity of water vapour from their exposed surface .
As we all know forests control soil erosion and landslide .
The forest in the hilly regions जकडे by its widely spread roots and जकडे the banks of the rivers .
They retain the stability of the slope of the mountains .
On top of the soil the present portion of the air in the air reduces the velocity of water in the rainy season .
मिट्टी small plants found on the earth in the forests serve as a thick layer of leaves and soil की and help to conserve water from rain and ice melting .
For centuries forests have provided us fuel fodder and timber ; many of our industries are based on certain resources which are found in the forest .
Paper pulp rayon वनों उद्योग and वनों industries are completely dependent on forest products .
Trees provide us with drugs like औषधियां spice तन्तु fruits , fibres , गोंद गोंद गोंद रबड रबड rubber and और .
Raw materials for the dyeing and tanning industries including उद्योगों बीडी बीडी beeswax बीडी leaves and sandal - paste .
According to an estimate the national income from these products and timber is more than Rs 600 crores a year .
About 4 crores of tribals live in forests all over the country .
They are not only engaged in forestry operations but also integral to the forest environment .
Some of the basic requirements like food fodder and shelter are met by forests .
In short it may be said that forests protect our environment while maintaining the ecological balance cause global pollution and noise reduction भूक्षरण prevents floods and rain soil building a beautiful land .
Over the years our population has grown tremendously .
As a result the requirement of timber has increased manifold .
In the name of production and development trees were cut down to the hills and the jungles are completely reduced and hill ranges .
The resources on which the people ' s future rests are like the destruction of their resources the killing of a gold duck .
चिपको Bahuguna the father of the Chipko movement has explained this : " For the cultivation of apples and for packing चिपको forest fires.
Every year 400 million tonnes of fertile soil flow which is equivalent to the loss of 30 to 5 million tonnes of foodgrains .
If the destruction of forests continues ( 75 million sq metres ) the problem of soil erosion would be enormous .
Forests play a very important role in the preservation of water .
Roots of trees hold together the soil which absorbs water .
The top soil is very fertile and nothing can grow without it .
As a result reservoirs lose their storage capacity ( already in many of our reservoirs ) .
The increasing and strengthening of forest areas has become all the more urgent since we have not enough to meet the requirements of our wood which are part of the land by which it is to be made public or more public .
Every empty piece of land must be used for the planting of different kinds of trees which will give us wood fuel fruits and shade most importantly our tree that will protect them and grow them .
It is necessary to educate the masses to save their land from extensive environmental damage caused by forest harvest so that they can be made aware of the illegal felling of trees and to tell us that the forest causes drought like one another .
Trees are our feet and every time a tree is cut our chances of survival.
The Government has woken up and has undertaken several afforestation schemes .
Acts for conservation of forests have been enacted .
Afforestation programmes have to be stepped up further though two movements started to conserve forests have become very popular in India .
In addition to the Chipko movement started in Karnataka apart from the Chipko movement in the upper valleys of the Himalayan region in order to oppose the destruction of forests .
It is my सजाती task to deck her every day to reach her lover and see her caressed by him .
O God grant you back your boon ! "
The god assured her that in the course of time the season of flowers would yield to fruit and Arjuna wearied of the pleasures of the flesh would himself seek the real woman in your body .
In the meanwhile O Kudala Sangama Lord ! Take part in thy mad passion . "
The surfeit of pleasure brought about its inevitable reaction and the warrior in Arjuna began to long for a life of action and for a love that can last longer than pleasure which can endure even through pain and sorrow .
His heart was restless like a serpent reviving from its long winter .
One day he met some योद्धा who told him of the brave warrior Princess Chitra है who was not only a fighter but a brave man with valour and a mother' s heart .
Arjuna was surprised who this other Chitra was .
He asked his fair mistress who told him that the Princess was plain - feminine and full of all feminine charm her very virtues were like prison walls in which her woman had lost .
But Arjuna ' s curiosity was aroused and he begged Chitra to let him meet the Princess .
But he seems to have been badly sunk during his stay in London so his art goddess कला left him alone .
This happened several times in his life .
A man of liberal नागरिक and if one was a world citizen he was only Tagore and deeply rooted in the roots of his land to the effect of his poetry and songs had to be blown up by India .
On the eve of his departure from London . a letter written to his niece Indira .
He writes : " Man is merely an instrument of metal ? and should he act in accordance with the hard core of rules ?
The human mind is so large and manifold so that in which a large number of accidents take place the other hand and lots of claims to make it cry essentially to pull back and hit back .
Such preparations make him a man and in order to prove that he is only a जिंदा of material materials .
And who has never felt this weakness and who has never दिमाग on the brink whose mind is narrow and strait such a man is not really alive .
What we call a tendency and we reject in our day - to - day life is something that helps us out of the forest of evil or evil and to the immense possibilities of our destiny and joy .
She gives up her chase of her and marries the fourth character in the novel वाचकश्रीविलास the narrator who is deeply in love with her .
Her renunciation of him releases Sachish not only from her spell but from an obsession with a religious pursuit that was a little better than an सचीश .
He returns to his humanitarian mission in Calcutta like a despondent .
The year in which रवीन्द्रनाथ रवीन्द्रनाथ published his second important novel रवीन्द्रनाथ ' ( घर ) घर - LRB - घर - RRB - is also published in which three major characters express their views through their diary .
The setting is full of violent urges during the stormy years of the first decade of the twentieth century and Tagore himself had been drawn into the vortex of a circle .
It does not have the slightest moral hesitation in describing the revolutionary patriot who was making his friend fool how to betray his trusted wife ; this is so vividly drawn that the author is immoral and अनैतिक
After three years of its publication the critics continued to throw away the pages of the novel - फेंकते an example of how this novel had a tremendous effect on their mind .
I am carrying as I am carrying my फीट on my feet " and I am not living anywhere . "
He heard the sound of नगाडे coming from a distance .
There were many new worlds to explore fresh minds to meet.
He felt he had something to say and his voice must reach the world ' s consciousness .
In Hong Kong he brought about the grace and strength of women who manage physical labour with a श्रम of physical labour and was influenced by the sight of women .
Chitra secretly pleased promised to introduce her to the Princess .
She begged the gods to return her false beauty .
मणिपुर restored to her all her gifts to her Chitra and she again appeared before Arjuna in her old and true body ; as if she could not be regarded as a princess of the kingdom of Manipur which she could not be regarded as a female .
If you care for me as a comrade by your side in the path of danger and daring ; if you let me share the great duties of your life then you will know the true nature .
The play ends with Arjuna ' s words : ' Yes ' My life is perfect . "
The year in which the drama गद्य was published Tagore wrote his first social प्रहसन in prose and published it in English as a social commentary called लंदन ( by लंदन ) and published a farce of gay humour .
The work of Tagore deals with the romantic वैवाहिक and matrimonial के of three young intellectuals and their ladies.
Its story is simple and ऋतु ; it does not अनुस्यूत any तनाव stories and relevant legends and makes the farce runs merrily to the climax of the reader ' s understanding without any stress .
The dialogue विदेशी the foreign idiom is difficult to render in another medium .
At the end of that year when the annual session of the Indian National Congress was held in Calcutta he read on the opening day a long poem called भारत ( कांग्रेस ) .
He received a great ovation from all the political leaders gathered on the occasion .
Tagore ' s health was not at the same time a strain of mental tension ; it had a great effect not only by the pressure of good or preoccupations but also of the inner struggle and the struggle of the poet and the patriot .
When the patriot or the prophet was roused he would notice that God ' s trumpet lay in the dust and it became his duty to pick it up and call it war .
Tagore was aware of his own conflict and this अनिश्चितता and knew also that his primary duty was to sing as a singer .
He had written much earlier in a letter to Andrews : " I should give up advice and at the same time give up the role of beneficent angel to others .
This order of doctors was severely violated which is clear by the number of letters which were written daily by them .
There were many such cases as Tagore had espoused and each caused him considerable emotional strain .
Death is the obverse side of life with it and I do not fear it .
But disease is evil and if we do not know how to fight it it makes one completely defiant . "
How rebellious his heart was growing gradually it will be clear from the stories and incidents he was narrating in his poems which were published in the same year as ' रवीन्द्रनाथ ' .
Two years ago his poems in the पंख had as if they had wings and turned to heaven with the eternal beauty and a profound self - confidence in which everything continues to उडान its eternal movement .
In धरती the poet comes down to the earth ; the agony of life and the irony of it and पुर्नविचार its fugitive joys and fragile संकल्पों .
The stories are full of everyday living and sad episodes which revolve round the lives of women in Hindu families and are touched by her own strength of frustration her grace and pain .
पति - LRB - पति - RRB - her husband ' s wife . is very bad and is advised to take her to a health place .
For the first time in his life . came out of his joint - house anaemia where his presence was so complicated and कष्टकर she felt a breath of fresh air as she was हवा in a father - in - laws .
For the first time she could see the brightness of her big eyes on her pale face while travelling on the train with her husband .
At a wayside station on the way to शादी where he had to move for a change in train ; . met a woman called औरत who had given her a घरवाली story of a औरत and offered her daughter to marry her .
While dying she expressed gratitude to her husband for having fulfilled her last days of life with great joy .
पति husband cannot forget what he has betrayed with his faithful wife who was so gifted to all his creatures.
With the censorship imposed by the press a number of weeks heavy censorship made people aware of the tragedy and the horrors .
He then wanted to do as dictated by his conscience .
He lived up to his own song written years ago : " If they are afraid and ओर mutely facing the wall then O thou of evil luck open thy heart and speak out ' .
He warned the Viceroy that it was up to this level : " In the history of any civilized government ' s government ' s rule " I have put up with all the agony that can do for my country . "
When the clock has reached the moment of honour the देशवासियों and देशवासियों make our shame even more जीवित in the contemporary context of contempt and so far as I am concerned I shall live on one side and not with all my countrymen .
It was not the पीडा to the हुड to which something particular was added to his personality ; it was the courage through which he gave voice to the pain of the people and by which he took a पीडा in the hearts of the people .
The British ruling authorities never forgave what they thought .
The sweet singer who had been content with his nest and the seclusion of the sky was now caught in the net of the world .
To break the lamp of a person is to deprive him of his rightful place in the world festival . "
Once India had a mind which was lit by its own flame fed with its Indian affection .
Nowadays the university graduates are little better than other विश्वविद्यालय - विश्वविद्यालय .
As he put it " रवीन्द्रनाथ " The irony is that whenever we think of a university the idea of a Cambridge University Oxford University and a number of other European universities छा our minds .
Then we can imagine that we must collect all the good qualities of them and make it a refined form .
We forget that European Universities are living organic parts of Europe .
The formation of a whole man of creation is beyond the power of science and not of hope for the future is accepted by modern surgery.
Tagore needed now an additional incentive to travel .
He was restless.
The world ' s adulation was like an addiction .
In fact the general and dominant mood is one of reflection rather than of feeling of calm intellectual detachment of a playful subtlety of thought which occasionally ढलती into ego .
The satirical pieces are full of irony and wisdom without eloquence .
One of these यांत्रिक लडते पर्दाफाश exposes the folly of mechanical education with the text - book to which they had been fighting all their lives .
In this story an सभ्य bird is taught to read for in a civilised society it is disgraceful that it should go about chirping and making it happy .
For this purpose a gold cage has been transferred to some eligible pundits engaged to devise suitable methods of study .
Two other व्यंग्य titles can be cited in the same order : " Trial of Bahadur of the Horse , and हार्स हार्स .
The earliest of them relate to the tragedy of man whose self - preservation and निर्जीव of everything living and non - living .
When the gods wake up from their periodic fit of slumber .
Brahma the chief of the gods who is in charge of this particular task : मनुष्य man by warning " If you do not give up my horse I should like your teeth and claws to the lion .
Man विरोध his point : " It ' s not as gods do .
These hemisphere of the brain of humanity are लकवा if either of them is paralysed .
On 15 May 1920 Tagore sailed for Europe accompanied by his son and daughter - in - law .
In England he was happy to meet his old friends and new colleagues .
He however understood that after the war the atmosphere was not as cordial as the previous travels .
Tagore ' s condemnation of war - LRB - his blunt declaration of British rule in India and above all his most important reason was the renunciation of नाइट - RRB - which cool the heat of old युद्ध .
When I think of all this my thoughts shiver with cold and I feel सताने for the sunny corner in my देश .
One of his co - prisoners was Agha Khan - who would read to him Hafiz and other Persian poets.
That is why he wrote in a funny letter from London : " The poet Hafiz was willing to exchange all the wealth of Samarkand and Bokhara for a mole on the cheek of his beloved.
I am willing to give the whole of London away in the corner of Santiniketan .
The debate in British Parliament on the Jallianwala Bagh tragedy and the public . of General Dyer a heinous conduct in ordering a general massacre of the ब्रिटिश pained him deeply and undermined his faith in the British Government .
In the speeches made by MPs for this barbarous act which is apparent from the newspapers of the country - Mahatma Gandhi in his own voice and character - measure how ridiculous it was for him . "
But as soon as he met some of the less - minded British people his mood changed and aroused a little faith and joy .
A few days ago he wrote to Andrews : visiting other countries I find myself in a better position than ever since there is a very active mind .
Though I miss here my sky अवकाश light and leisure I am in touch with people who feel and express their need of me and to whom I can offer myself . "
This self - मनोदशा mood must have been stirred up with suspicion ; he promptly added to it " I am likely to lose my thoughts not very important to them a few days later .
He was very meticulous in the matter and his heart knew that in the last moment human dignity was embedded in the hearts and everything else could come .
His identification during his visit to Karachi - LRB - August - RRB - was से by an सेनानी fighter who told him that he was देश from his country as he had made a settlement with the British Government and was now to continue .
लारेंस on the problems of India Lawrence said to Tagore that in order to gain recognition from an Englishman it is necessary that a stronger attack than he would attack his brother - in - law instead of killing others .
The letters he wrote to C . एंड्रयूज during this visit show how rapidly Tagore ' s mood continued to flourish in a trance and how rapidly he came to Santiniketan to win the poet मसीहा .
He reached New York and delivered lectures in a number of meetings in the city and in other cities a letter from New York delivered his lectures at the शहर Forum to listen to the कवि Club .
But he could not have met even if he had any intention of raising a fund for Visva - Bharati .
He had imagined that a young and new nation . who had just मुक्ति the warring nationalists from a suicidal battle dedicated to set up an international university functioning at Santiniketan for the advancement of human conscience .
Indeed with the initial attempts at this general forecast ( unfortunately few were wrong with the zeal of a little nearer and dear and eager ) that he needed the American dollar to मूर्त his ideal .
In a letter to Andrews dated 13 December he admitted : " I am convinced of myself that my efforts are any big and big planning but I know from the very depths of my enterprise .
When we realise that there are certain standards of perfection in our work our other aspects of this matter are considerably impaired .
Often we are so convinced that it झकझोर our faith in truth . "
It was four days later that Rabindra Nath Tagore wrote to him " When the idea in my desire to collect the fund was चक्कर like the dried leaves in the storm a picture of the Buddha took me by a दूध .
This message went straight to my heart .
He said to me : " The cup of milk will give you no demands - the day you complete your tapas . "
At every morning I sit by my window and say to myself " I must not bow down to this ugly idol worshipped by the West . "
I remember that morning at Shelidah when the Vaishnava woman came and asked me when will you come down from your three - storied building to meet your love under the shade of the trees ?
I am still at the highest level of a towering figure - a bird with no फुसफुसाहट of high trees - a जीवन of green above - earth " but it is love that has come down to me to say - .
I want to say something about money : but it is ludicrous and yet so tragic that my words grow ashamed of themselves and they stop. "
His third visit to America was eminently successful in terms of personal and human relationship and should not be underestimated in proportion to the million dollars he failed to raise .
There sprang up early acquaintance but with some new friendships were developed - the names of two remarkable women - Helen जेन and Jane जेन .
More important were the छात्रा Strait and Leonard लियोनार्ड of स्ट्रेट whom he founded a lifelong friendship with whom he was at that time a student of agriculture at मित्रता and later married एलम्हर्स्ट .
The centre of financial assistance Tagore came from his friend रवीन्द्रनाथ a distinguished centre at Santiniketan for experiments in rural education and the regional development of the economy in अर्थव्यवस्था who in his later years later came to be a model of an international and cultural centre .
In March 1921 Tagore returned to London from where he first landed at Paris .
From Paris he addressed the फ्रेंच of the newly established French University at फ्रेंच .
Proceeding to Geneva he spoke at the Rousseau Institute on Education.
While passing a vacation in जर्मन he received news that a new committee of writers and scholars in Germany observed his 150th birth anniversary and presented a substantial anthology of noble German literature to the Visva - Bharati library .
Although Gandhi was more an idealist than Tagore he was a revolutionary leader among the people and giving any opportunity a dramatic turn and some others points out his sympathy and support to the common people .
Like Nelson he also saw through a telescope on his blind eye and then said that it was not really a sight but Tagore was watching everything.
Sudden upsurge of patriotic feelings among the people who had never recognised it for a long time nor had they any historical memories of which gave such an exaggerated feeling that they were all right and contempt for everything .
Tagore who was denouncing this sentiment in other countries found it extremely painful in his own country .
For me humanity is rich and rich and large and many - sided. "
Teachers do not take what they want to give but what they want to accept .
This deep concern was not merely verbal or poetic .
In whatever situation it was possible they undertook the initial experiments of self - reliant adults and thereby initiated the rural community development programmes .
The country was under foreign rule and its law was based on the tacit or implied support of the vested interests and it was no use expecting of the Administration or any other might be safe .
Moreover Tagore did not seem to have the better of a society where a man became indifferent to his efforts and in such matters he was able to exercise his helping and most important power .
If the state did everything for everyone they would not remain big helpless children of Providence but of the state .
In such a situation his community development programme was based on the twin principles of self - help and realisation .
Here too the realisation was essential because if people had become less through their efforts it was not because they had lost their political independence or were physically or morally handicapped not because they had developed different systems of religious character .
On the one hand they were totally ignorant of the fundamental scientific knowledge and on the other hand were आंख of the real miracles of science.
Their misery and apathy were evidence enough that no misfortune was greater than ignorance no sin greater than डूबे in it .
It was a life - long realisation that had come from the स्मृतियों memories of his school life which were to be built up by the Indian village system of education based on the गावों and अंड of an educationist and a social reformer who had made it .
Tagore is right from the point of view of history .
He is a brilliant poet like a सारस cranes calling him a साधक of our music sitting on the ruins of the times .
He lives in eternity.
But even the demands of the present are very essential . "
Gandhi reinforced the challenge of the poet by publishing an article in Young India .
He hailed the poet as the Great Guard whose warnings against moral pitfalls must be listened to with में but Mahatma Gandhi goes on to him that his misgivings were not unwarranted .
Finally as he goes to the moral precepts he भर्त्सना the poet in order to set fire to his house .
He presents to our admiring gaze the beautiful picture of the birds that flock to the sky in the morning singing hymns of praise .
These birds had their day - to - day food and soared with rested wings in whose veins new blood had flown the previous night .
But I have had the pain of watching birds who for want of strength could not move even their wings .
The human bird in the Indian sky gets up weaker than when he pretended to retire.
Give them work so that they can eat .
The question may be asked if I need not work for food why should I eat ?
Whatever you find in your pocket the source of the coin you 'll realise that I write is true .
Let him burn his foreign कपडे it is today ' s duty .
God take care of him tomorrow. "
रोलां these are endless and tragic words : Remain Holland : " It is the tragedy with us that the world is उठकर before the dream of art .
Who does not sympathise with Gandhi ' s passionate emotion and share ?
Tagore himself used to attend Levi ' s classes .
On 23 September 1921 Visva - Bharati was formally inaugurated and the land जायदाद buildings and other properties at Santiniketan were named after him by a trust trust .
Tagore made a gift of the copyright on his Bengali books published till then .
The Nobel Prize money had already been donated to the school .
In the midst of all these उत्तेजनाओं he continued to brood on the political scene in the country until the subconscious churning of his mind found a dramatic expression in a symbolic play which he wrote in January 1922.
The play which was in a sense inspired by the personality of Gandhi and the non - violence movement which was named नाटक नाटक is a homage to him .
The background of the play is the political subjection of the people of Afghanistan.
The King of मैदानों for his परस्परता towards his will had a large dam built on the मैदानों the only source of his परस्परता to prevent his waters from flowing down to the plains .
Its engine - tower dominated die landscape and left behind even the trident of the temple of Siva on top of a hill .
This remarkable play was never staged.
The dramatist read it in January 1922 and later made preparations to stage it with his friends in Calcutta but just before the stage was staged the news of the arrest of Mahatma Gandhi and the sentence of rigorous imprisonment for six years .
Santiniketan ' s dream of making Santiniketan a world nest where kindred spirits would gather from the corners of the world had become true now .
What had been originally planned as hermitage was becoming an urban bee nest .
Whether this picturesque beehive produced more honey than buzzing it is difficult to say .
Much of the new work was done and the benefit was reaped not only by Visva - Bharati but by many other universities .
The stimulus however was enough for the poet to imagine that the world was becoming one and that he had to travel a great deal to win the hearts of his people .
There is hardly any illusion more exhilarating than the belief that one is healing the world ' s wounds and Tagore was neither the first nor the last man to take the journey .
There was no need for missionary zeal or for बाल the hair skin but the image of a true ultra vires and modern hero who had become world - class and who wanted to achieve him on the basis of the ideal .
As he was not happy on tour of his country he thought of travelling to China .
A thousand years had passed since the last band of Buddhist monks had carried their Swami ' s message of compassion and peace to that land .
Tagore wanted to restore the ancient cultural link between the two countries which had been snapped for so long .
They could not have been धरती for China and India had in the meanwhile drifted too far away and each land was seething in its own ferment.
The Chinese intelligentsia had grown impatient of traditional values and virtues and were western - oriented.
He had recognised that nationalist solidarity materialist commonsense and a ruthless application of science and technology could alone lift his traditional country from the दलदल into which it was buried .
They were more amenable to the rational scepticism of a Bertrand Russell than die mystic insights of a Rabindranath .
He looked upon the Indian poet as a reactionary कवि idealist a futile visionary and his visit though he had no sense of hostility .
Tagore understood this mood and temper with which he had seen in India and his lectures mostly extempore show with what understanding and understanding he approached the Chinese mind .
He has not experienced any known model or ground which has no literary tradition in this country .
He was the first Indian to give it form and since the story of the Indian writer has become very popular there is none else to be able to compare him to this region - perhaps something that leaves him behind.
Many of these stories were written according to some scene or events or characters he observed in his house - boat floating on the river Padma .
The genesis of a series of stories which were written during this period is mentioned in his letter .
He sees the ghat - LRB - landing steps - RRB - on the river bank and the stones sloping down to the fact that if these stones were the words he could say so much .
One such story is the घाट tale ( the river ) : He recalls how he used to remember the old things and tell them that a small and lovely girl would come down to the river so lovely as to catch the stone .
Kusum loved the water because she belonged to this village .
Soon a watch came when she ceased to come and the ghat gathered from the talk of her companions that the little Kusum had married and gone to her husband ' s house .
Days passed.
It was early in autumn when they landed in the Japanese boat थे - जहाज and the music of autumn stirred in the poet ' s heart .
He forgot his mission and was once again a lover and a singer .
Not sermons but poems poured out of his pen exquisite in their wistful कविताएं .
The 63 - year old poet was entering the evening of his life and the mellow richness of the evening melody pervades these poems .
During his voyage to the sea coast of Argentina Tagore suddenly fell ill and was obliged to disembark at हृदय तट where a heart specialist advised him to rest for some time .
Tagore knew no one in विक्टोरिया and विक्टोरिया but fortunately the charming and soft Victoria खातिरदारी offered her hospitality and was happy to find refuge in an attractive and secluded villa in San विक्टोरिया on the bank of the river .
The visit to Peru had to be cancelled on the doctor ' s advice .
Tagore was not unhappy with this because during the voyage the poet had won the battle of a religious missionary who saw the river flowing in the balcony got very happy and convinced .
The old memories will fill the flute in its lost rhythm .
I do not know her language but what her eyes said was forever eloquent in the grief .
On January 4 1925 the poet and his companion एलम्हर्स्ट bade goodbye to their host and sailed for ब्यूनस - ब्यूनस .
He hurried away for he felt guilty that he was happy and enjoying himself when his country needed him .
But when he returned to his own land he felt that his joy was more creative than the one who helped the big leap of his life wrote to Victoria विक्टोरिया in his letter to Santiniketan in August .
" You made a note of sorrow that I could not stay in the beautiful home on your river - bank until the end of the summer .
You do not know how often I think I can do so .
There was the प्रलोभन lure of a responsible lure that pulled me from the soft corner of the sari but I find it now that when I was sitting in the shade of those weak - hearted.
I can assure you that these flowers will remain fresh for a long time until the laboriously built towers of my beneficent deeds will crumble into obscurity .
Soon after his return to his country his elder brother Jyotirindranath passed away .
Returning to Santiniketan he based the mythological Buddhist legend which he had earlier used in a poem नृत्यांगना wrote a play नाटक ( Worship of the Dancing Girl ) .
This was one of Tagore ' s simple straightforward plays a highly coloured रवीन्द्रनाथ and deeply free from symbolic विद्वतापूर्ण and intellectual नाटकों which make his other plays at once puzzling and fascinating .
The main धार्मिक is a simple religious emotion which rises to a high pitch as the story ends in a tragedy of धार्मिक bhakti .
The Buddha identified the hymns of the Vedas and the जाति of the Hindu caste : worshipping a divine being could not be the monopoly of this or that caste ; nor could its idea be imprisoned for ever in the structure of the Vedas .
Real worship is when we surrender to the highest truth .
The sage नृत्य his learning the man of action his deeds the poet his songs dances and the humble Nati her dance .
Thus the dancing girl by her devotion and devotion triumph over her आत्मसमर्पण and by her death the innate majesty of her soul .
Another point in this play is that there is no male character .
The introduction of the Buddhist monk in the आमुख was made to enable the author to satisfy the public clamour .
He was also received by King Victor स्वागत III and attended a performance of his play Chitra in Italian .
But more than King राजा he wanted to meet the learned philosopher थे who was at that time virtually home - interned in राजा .
Some friends took the रोम risk and brought him to रोम Rome where the two met.
While he was being feted in his almost royal tour of Italy he did not realise that the Italian press was तोड and distorted versions of his speeches and interviews to promote fascism .
He was ashamed and shocked at his failure and wrote to इटली : " " is the इटली I have पास of the इटली of the इटली so I must avoid the last यात्रा of Italy .
Then to the wholly snapped - filled words - - जहाज you will let me give me your ship जहाज if you have any.
I shall issue herewith .
Though religious and political.
Kumudini the lovely and gentle daughter of the former is married to an ever - growing millionaire crude and हठधर्मी a few of Tagore ' s men who are truly living .
He is forced to force his will to apply man and machinery to parts of the past ; he imagines he can पत्नी Kumudini merely because he is his wife but soon discovers that he wins over her body .
The psychological interest of the novel lies in a gradual and almost imperceptible transformation in husband ' s feelings towards her .
At first brutal violent and हिंसक they are gradually inhibited by sudden spasms of tenderness and awe which he cannot understand as he had never experienced them in other spheres of life .
The दबंग and स्वामी master lose his self - confidence and like a अनाडी comes to what his hands cannot grasp .
The end of the novel is unfortunately weak - one such failure which is in almost all Tagore ' s novels .
It seems as if the story has become tired of one time and wants to end it in bed so that someone may go in search of another story or they dare not तोडने and fear the author .
When Tagore was writing this novel and probing the spiritual थे of success he was himself getting restless for fresh fields to win .
The missionary zeal once again proved stronger than the creative and in July 1927 he set out on his ninth foreign tour this time in the neighbouring lands of South - Western Asia .
Her aggressive self - satisfied character is shocked when she accidentally encounters and falls in love with a young girl of fine sensibility and deep emotion .
This experience is so isolated from the previous experience of a love - cycle that it seems to him as a shock - a feeling of extreme sincerity which he finds hard to adjust with his old मुद्रा habits .
Meanwhile he finds a new romantic change in himself .
It ends with the struggle and turns it into a दयनीय character struggling against its claims .
Sensing the tragedy she releases him from his जिंदगी and disappears from his life .
This is the last poem in which he takes leave of his lover . who is his most powerful will and worthy of him .
Here is a piece of poetry in which the skeleton of the original is kept safe - let me lose nothing ; dirt is a tiny creature made up of the soil which you have made .
Not only was Santiniketan which became a wasteland of धूल a small town garden called शहरी but it was now a festival for the whole country and was getting the fullest encouragement from the governments of the country .
One of Tagore ' s most characteristic compositions is the collection of poems on seasons influenced by trees and flowers .
1928 was indeed a fruitful year thanks largely to the fact that his health obliged him to stick to his land .
This year Tagore employed his experiments in an entirely new and unforeseen medium of creative expression painting.
Though he had never ceased to blow he let his pen run freely .
Most of these linear exercises were induced by what he calls " that these are the accidents of my manuscripts and the भर्जन and भर्जन which he hated to drive away .
Kusum told her name .
Then suddenly Kusum disappeared again and did not come to the ghat or to the temple for a long time .
One day the Sanyasi sent for her and she came to her eyes with downcast eyes .
When the Sanyasi asked about her not to come she answered that she deliberately kept away from her because she was ashamed of her " soiled thoughts " and was unworthy to sit beside a holy man .
When the Sanyasi cross - questioned her she confessed that she had a dream in which she found the Sanyasi making love to her .
Since then the dream had obsessed her with the vision of her husband and lover.
When he recovered his poise he begged of Kusum to forget him and disappeared from the village .
Kusum pressed down to the steps and watched the river water for a short while .
He had loved this river since his childhood and today in the hour of crisis where he would not take her in his arms ; who else would offer her shelter .
Strange as it may sound he looked more handsome in old age than in his youth ; these were not merely pictures of his two years but also from his contemporaries who had seen him at both times .
Nobody else has said so confident that you ' re old with me when you are still to be good and the end of life with whom she had started but her face would be पर .
Like Mahatma Gandhi he discovered with the years that truth was more important than any religion and the good of man is greater than any philosophy or thought .
Had he not been the author of आध्यात्मिक and the great exponent of the Indian spiritual heritage he would not have taken the visit of the Soviet state as a pilgrimage .
In a letter he wrote : " If I had not gone to Russia my life ' s pilgrimage would be incomplete .
Who are trying to ruin the power of powerful people and their wealth of living people - why should we be afraid of them ?
And why should we be angry ?
This is one of Rabindranath ' s earliest stories .
Rabindranath ' s imagination has always been as an active character and here too not only nature but inanimate materials are a part of this story and this is what helped to create the atmosphere of pity and wonder .
In a similar vein the Highway tells the story of what it has seen of secret उत्कंठाएं and frustrated loves.
In all these stories the author ' s tenderness and sympathies seem to be monopolised by women generally young girls and little children .
His children and adolescent characters whether girls or girls have been enacted with pictures of girls and indeed with remarkable understanding in spite of their मानस and किशोर minds .
Whatever be the nature of his early stories is not mainly in the symmetry and character of a character but in a depiction of a mood creation of an unsuspected surroundings or कलाप .
This swift and intuitive grasp of the human potential of an accident or situation was akin to his lyrical genius which responded quickly to any impact outside .
And so when he read the town a young boy was restored to himself as a Post Master he was surprised to see how he talked about the young man .
When the story was published in होठों he came to me and there was a conversation between him and his lips touched with a smile . "
The author had imagination enough to enable him to write about the problem of human relationship and that of a simple and ignorant girl the likely tragedy which might have been the gift of love .
In the same way Tagore must have often noticed in the streets of Calcutta big hefty strangers from Kabul रहते dry fruits and almonds .
But surely thought Rabindranath they too were human and must love their children as parents in the world .
So the dreaded काबुलीवाला becomes in Tagore ' s story of that name one of Tagore ' s most lovable characters in Bengali literature .
The story touched by the दोस्ती सामाजिक सामाजिक and hill a man who came from the high low hills of Afghanistan - a trade friendship between a five - year child and an intimacy of all its enthusiasm and human relations .
These stories are of varied types and have been written in diverse techniques mainly हैं and और they portray varied aspects of Bengal life and the different classes and layers of people .
By being a fine blend of its fine observations and vitality wit and irony and living things and at the same time this remarkable author of his लेखकीय ability to detect and hold them a great deal of human suffering human तत्वों and injustices .
The lights turned from one poem to another and I saw my body floating in the conscious evening in that dark evening पीडा with endless thoughts and endless agony like a shadow .
It melts into a point and loses itself into darkness without end . "
What I had suggested to my presence on the stage was nothing from the rise of the veil ; nothing was out of the stage even after the removal of the screen ; all the tactics I threw out to the public .
But there is no regret for it ; the farthest limit of being seen and is struck with amazement .
All these poems were not so self - कविताएं or self - कविताएं .
The last two poems in this slender sheaf show a complete awareness of the tragedy that was hovering over Europe .
He is angry and कहर an angry कहर on the कहर whose hunger spares neither women nor children .
He wanted to utter words of peace loving and sympathy but he knew that they would be far more unsuccessful .
He was true to each mood and phase of which he experienced and this passionate sincerity which enabled him to challenge and surpass himself again and again was his most consistent virtue in Gandhi .
But as the spring came they were seized with the चहल of the song and began to transform their कन्या into a drama .
This was one of his most powerful dance - drama which touched the core and was staged in Calcutta in March with the author seated at a corner of the stage .
With his deep insight and sympathy the Mahatma realised that it was futile to expect the poet to stick to his old assurance that he would not risk his health to stage performances in the cities .
The raising of funds for his school and university was only an excuse or at best an inspiration : the creation of the painter and his creation was a small town in the eastern Himalayas .
There on his birthday he wrote a magnificent poem which was a new book of poems published later in the year as कविता Evening की
A foreign girl sings in a foreign voice .
In the poem रेलगाडी at night ' s train it seems a living image of life crawling into the compartments रेलगाडी with sleeping forms the anonymous driven by the anonymous theatre of the night .
Though a stranger they believe him सो and sleep in their beds and dream of a distant morning . "
In another poem called कविता he is happy to see the crowds of pilgrims coming on the platform .
And in the end everything will go to the empty spot like a missing pot when the food is finished .
Why ?
The शहनाई is a sophisticated Indian flute capable of a haunting melody and so are the poems of this book as sweet and melodious .
And he was not in the least proud of what he did - he was a true मसीहा . "
In the same year मांग्पू a part of the heat took place as in. the previous year before at Mungpoo and Kalimpong .
His dearly beloved nephew Surendranath had died in Calcutta .
With the news of his sorrow he sat quietly without a word and after a long silence he expressed his feelings in a small and moving poem .
Both Andrew ' s death and this death must have reminded him that it is no longer enough to go the same way .
He had repeatedly reiterated that he was sitting by the river steps waiting for the ferry to take him to the other shore.
It seemed to him that after centuries of fiery penance on her bare rocky seat the earth had received the boon of flowers to greet the advent of man in her lap.
Can such expression be found anywhere in the universe before these thousands of galaxies and stars ?
He expressed his horror संत्रास and anguish in two poems he wrote in the latter half of May .
How do men seemingly civilised turn suddenly into violent दानव ?
He is hurt humiliated and unhappy but does not कोसते or curse.
He is in a chastened meditative mood inclined to view his fellow - men ' s misdeeds in the wide perspective of history .
Although he was not ready to give up his hope the dundubhi was moving into a storm .
But however dismal the present the poet cannot give up his hope for the future .
The supreme faith in man ' s की God in his consciousness is the urgent need of Tagore ' s own inner self .
व्यथा up his anguish and व्यथा his faith through the medium in which he was master he was not satisfied .
His own country was in a देश and frustrated mood and on the verge of a desperate decision .
Old age infirm and ailing - LRB - he had been running for a couple of days to voice the protest on his part .
That is why on June 15 while still at Kalimpong he sent a letter to President Roosevelt of the U. S. A. रूजवेल्ट India ' s helpless predicament as a British colony at a time when the free world elsewhere was living .
A free India may be an asset to the free world an enslaved India merely a burden and a liability.
On August 7 1940 a seminar on the Oxford University held at Santiniketan organised a doctorate in honour of Tagore .
Pending the arrival of Indian doctors from Calcutta the British Civil Surgeon from Darjeeling was frantically begged to come.
He came reluctantly and having examined the patient रुखाई inquired if he understood English .
The देश example of the rapidly increasing alienation of British ruling from the people of the country was hardly forthcoming .
He reported that the kidney is defective and that the unconscious patient ' s life needs a large operation .
He looked helplessly at Mahadev Desai and the tears streamed down his cheeks.
He had such firm control over himself that even in the hardest bereavement and sorrow I had never seen him cry .
He could not have been completely healthy but was soon able to sit up in his bed and make talks .
His hands could not be prepared to hold the pen but the words and metres were constantly moving into his mind ; so he heard them speak .
What is more surprising is that during this period when he was very fond of the common folk of this country his poems were finely and truly painted .
Tagore was not a philosopher in the prevailing sense but a narrower and more rigid bondage than the narrow system of thought - making .
What an artificial and unreal are our notions of में में and पुण्य written in 1894 .
In fact compassion for all beings is the greatest religion .
This feeling is led by the fact that in the early years of his life it is clear - cut and self - development that shows up his mind and destiny.
In a letter of March 1894 he says : " I am overwhelmed by this awareness of the baffling mystery within which I can neither understand nor control it .
The poet was so weak that the speech was read by someone else in his presence .
The people of India or the countries of Europe or Far East were passing through a massive crisis of varying degrees and reasons .
He goes on to analyse how this disillusionment was the result of the cynical disregard by the British rulers of the values which had once the pride of western civilisation .
A day of Fate will compel the British rulers to give up their Indian empire .
But what kind of India will they leave behind what stark भारत .
What a waste of mud and filth they will leave behind when the stream of their administration becomes perfectly happy ?
But even in the darkest gloom Tagore ' s testament could not end in a note of despair.
Though his sympathies were with the Chinese Russians and the Allies he did not think of Germany and Japan as the only arch of the drama .
They did not tire of the fact that the world was caught up in the trap of its own राजनीतिज्ञों and it was made more powerful by the पुरोहितों and arrogant priests and लोगों politicians for the common man .
In the midst of this suffering physical and mental and his literary preoccupations his thoughts would now and again wander to his beloved Santiniketan and the little children who studied there .
The school was his first love but when the विश्वभारती Visva - Bharati came into existence it he had kept it aside .
Now the old solicitude returned.
He recalls how he used to be overwhelmed with joy when he taught children .
His voice was heavy and he added : I can no longer teach him or even take care of him . "
He was always of the view that sweet बच्चों of चॉकलेट and boxes of chocolates were fitted for his children never to come out with empty hands or mouth .
A stray dog , which could not be left out managed to rest under his lips occupied the main member of the house .
One of the poems of Arogya is on this nameless dog whose sad and mute devotion must have touched the heart of the Poet .
This favourite chair of Santiniketan the सहनशीलता of the Poet ' s शांतिनिकेतन and शांतिनिकेतन humour remained with him to the end .
Those who attended on his sick - bed treasured as their greatest reward the परिवेश and परिवेश he constantly exchanged with them .
He could not परिहास himself when he was fed with बेबी .
Whenever they were brought to him they would ask him every time : " Now how many months have I been ? "
Their love for the trees was perhaps too old .
As a child he had become very attached to an old banyan tree to whom he gazed from the window of his ancestral home where he was kept confined within a circle and kept under the care of his servant .
In his last days when he was not capable of moving he would watch with wistful tenderness the graceful सेमल outside his cottage in Santiniketan .
In summer he was alarmed at the fate of the trees in the hermitage .
He wanted trees to be saved at all costs .
When this grows you will see how Santal women will gather under it to pick the flowers from which they make their wine. "
He refused to share the food with firmness which impressed him and he was prepared with a great care . on the other with a wild बच्चे - LRB - as a child.
He kept the bunch near him and would tempt the visitor ? ' Let '
Three days before his birthday which by Bengali calender was due to be observed on 8 May : he dictated a song and tone .
He never resorted to धुन but only to sing the song of which the tune played .
This last song sung on his last birthday and is still sung on his birthday he invoked the Ever New .
" Make yourself published as if the sun is कोहरे
This endless का victory of life
अलगाव
It did not betray itself as blind .
He has never lost his eyes from the grim realities of life not understanding the pain of this earth .
Nor is he angry with आत्म or self - pity ; never has the horrible beauty of truth .
A week after his birthday he again looks steadily at the mystery of creation .
But some of the mature middle - aged middle - class and the sophisticated Bengali critics hold that these last poems are brief बंगाली complete and full of which the last is not met in their earlier poems and something quite perfect .
These poems dictated before his death were published posthumously as मरणोपरांत Last मरणोपरांत .
The history of temples as a religious institution and site of worship in India is very ancient .
As a structure in which a deity is established or held in any other object of veneration and , the temples of the Indian Peninsula have covered a varied development course .
All this has been according to the local needs faith and subject - matter of course contributed substantially to the exchange of ideas and ideas .
Their masters or artisans लोग लोग and craftsmen लोग were the same class people who by way of construction and the elementary concepts of construction and architecture ; but they worked together with priests who did this by virtue of rituals and rituals .
The उकेरी are carved out in relief as also the seventh - eighth and later inscriptions .
As a place of worship the temple had invariably a shrine of पूज्य पूज्य पूज्य or the मुर्रम in its structure ; at times they were merely a small dune or a tree .
Sometimes they were पाषाण a large slab placed over two other stone pillars each of which can be seen in remote areas .
Some of the platforms had a post or चबूतरों representing the deity .
The old Tamil texts refer to युवतियां for the worship of this type of shrine gods and goddesses which had been built by many pillars and a band of युवतियां women after a bath poured in and drinking water .
We also find that many came to पूजा and offered it भोग or भोग .
In the Tamil city of युद्ध the worship of युद्ध or युद्ध is mentioned .
The Summary details indicate that it must have been the seat of the circular पद्म pitha attached to it .
The entrance has brickwork platforms with a brickwork that had obviously an arched roof - LRB - छत - RRB - over which a plaster was made .
In the arch and on the inside with a plastic transverse wall was drawn almost like that of an earlier rock - cut chaitya .
The remains of the विधाधरपुरमू chaitya near विजयवाडा near विजयवाडा are of the same type .
The excavations at जिले in आंध्र district in Andhra Pradesh have revealed the remains of a stupa in which a replica of a stupa is worshipped.
The circular chaitya is brick - built.
The massive wall has been दीवार with a मंदिरों shrine - like antarala in front to entrance .
Several subsidiary shrines of the same type are there .
The Nagarjunakonda reliefs of Andhra Pradesh and other Buddhist sites are associated with the brick - built chaitya monastery or monastery ; most of which consisted of a stupa at the entrance of the monastery and a stupa often called चैत्य at बौद्ध .
The excavations in Nagarjunakonda have also revealed the remains of temples of other religions of the Buddhist period ( third and fourth centuries ) dedicated to Siva Vishnu की Kartikeya and बौद्ध .
All these structures are constructed on the replica of the बहुकोण - शिखरी temple .
They belong to the second century BC and the second century AD .
The remaining compositions belong to the fourth century onwards .
They were probably built during the सन् period between AD 450 and 600 .
The final construction is around AD 650 .
But some of these activities continued till the time of the Rashtrakuta phase in the eighth and ninth centuries .
The early chaityas are of a very large वाले and with an ornamental facade having a horseshoe - shaped नाल at the entrance .
In rock itself a stupa was cut into a stupa at थी - and it was worshipped.
The viharas were not pillared and there were many rooms on three sides with one or more entrances in the front .
The rock architecture of the second phase consists of two apsidal chaityas 19 and 26 .
Though this is the same as the earlier phase the difference is that in them the figure in front of the stupa in the apse under a nasika or arch projected from the drum of the drum of the stupa prominently Buddha .
The viharas ( except those which are left unfinished or destroyed - LRB - iii - RRB - . 14 , 23 28 पूजागृह and 29 ) The two features of the monasteries and shrines are seen to be high .
These viharas often have an outer verandah or agra - mandapa or agra - mandapas as in the temples ; a pillared hall ( with often a pillared hall ( in between the sanctum ) and ultimately with the sanctum or ardha - mandapa .
When the hall has pillars with the main nave and the lateral aisles structures no intervening space cut through the four or more pillars to suggest a घिरा - mandapa or नाभि that would appear later in the नाभि .
Frequently other cells of this type are also found on the other side of the rear wall of the hall and on the walls of the main entrance or even in the walls of the दीवारों room ( even in the case of Cave 6 ) .
The sanctum contains a large figure of the Buddha ; the ardha - mandapa also contains several sculptures .
In the case of Cave 27 the ardha - mandapa is advanced into the maha - mandapa .
The arrangement of a succession of mandapas one behind the other with one or more shrine cells at the rear is akin to the brick - temple complexes built in Nagarjunakonda .
In some places as in the Ajanta examples the cave - temple shows a large and square mandapa perched on the plan of the hall in front of the sanctum the rectangular shrine - hall itself was absent .
The temple complex of such an axial plan had no other structure of the pyramidal figure on top of the sanctum .
These cave - temples including the chaitya temples are designated as हैं - चैत्य - LRB - मंडप - RRB - and may be called मंडप - in later inscriptions.
The key to this composition is its first poem to show the general consciousness and direction of the collection in many other poems of this volume the poet has painted in this poem the eternal consciousness of nature in a mystic world .
But in the outside world where her beauty प्रवाहित in many different sights colours and sounds that lie within the mind she sits निभृत and निभृत .
And above all he was really a lover of art even in the smallest things who felt its touch in the outer world and find it in their inmost being .
The same spirit that suffused and ruled this vast universe dwelt within him and guided his life and talent .
He felt its immediacy and its intimacy and addressed it as the Lord of his life his Lord of God .
In his famous poem on the same title he says : " O ye men of heaven please come in my heart and quench your thirst .
You have crushed my heart like grapes in the press and filled your cup with a thousand विषाद of joy and sorrow .
The intervening minor and subordinate dynasties के among the three imperial powers as buffer states also took part in this activity and contributed to this activity in their respective regions .
There was a long tradition of ban on the use of stone for holy and religious structures which was due to its long local association with the मृतकों as has been mentioned earlier .
Mahendra I perhaps taking the cue excavated his first cave - temple at Mandagappattu South Arcot district for the Hindu trinity Siva हिंदू Vishnu and Brahma .
Thus its craftsmen had the advantage of such excavations and carving of such carving in sandstone growing from almost a millennium .
Consequently the first cave - temple was a great deal of bold and ambitious in design and size .
Soon after the first cave - temple of गुफा such cave - temples of the Chalukyas at Badami Aihole and other places all excavated into the soft stone rocks .
A विमान has three or five कुदु shrines in front of the inner mandapa and projecting inside the mandapa all parts of the front of the vimana namely the decorated adhishthana भित्तिस्तंभ or some over which the kudu motifs are inscribed .
The further superstructure of the vimana is not shown as in the depiction of the inner part of the mandapa with a shrine at the rear does not appear to be the upper part of the vimana .
The eight cave - temples of this type are at various stages of creation : - mandapam . mandapam of महिषमर्दिनी Mahishamardini mandapam ( locally known as the रामानुज mandapam ) ; an incomplete cave - temple called रामानुज mandapam of रामानुज mandapam .
The Pancha Pandava mandapam records an attempt to cut a square central shrine with a surrounding cloister in the form of a mandapa having two rows of pillars running all round.
The Varaha mandapam and the गुफा cave - temples have a single shrine - cell while the Mahishamardini and the Ramanuja रामानुज have three shrine - cells in them; the मंडपम mandapam has five in a row behind the mandapam .
The Jain rock architecture continued for a long time in the Northern region .
This was further rapidly developed under the Rashtrakuta though as in the case of the Elephanta गुफाओं and जोगेश्वरी the cave - temple at the Kailasa complex at Undavalli में the Kailasa the कैलास and the Jain chaumukh .
But rock architecture soon became a secondary to structural stone constructions in the southern zone of the Chalukyas as would be seen in the rest .
This was due to the fact that with the help of soft sandstone mining facility बालुकाश्म of rock - cut sandstone slabs readily obtained the simplicity of their toilet and carving along with an urgent desire to rock - cut stone temples to rock - cut them into stone ones .
The structural creations of the Rashtrakuta period are however less pretentious of राष्ट्रकूट medium and small structures and less well - finished as compared with their rock - cut structures .
The plan of the cave - temples now stands different from structural temples in the successive rise above the floor level of the axial mandapas and shrines in the much raised level of the sanctum floor though the ceiling level remains constant .
In the first group would be those that follow the scheme generalized by the later Buddhists in that area namely the विहार - chaitya type with a cella and a frontal - pillared hall.
The third class is their प्राकार consisting of the lateral shrine - cells panel - और with युक्त bas - relief and the Saptamatrika shrine - cells provided by irregular or principal cella in a circumambulatory passage in half .
This among other things would indicate the early enunciation of the आनुष्ठानिक or ritual principles which were elaborated and re - codified in later times .
The mandapa in front of the early cave - temples has more bays laterally on the transverse axis and only one bay at either end of the Y - axis .
In the Ajanta viharas on the other hand the mandapa is a concentric scheme with one bay all round the central bay which is often larger than the rest .
While this navaranga or नवरंग nine bays are repeated in the main plan of the structural temples of the Chalukyan series the संरचनात्मक mandapam of the Badami cave of the type particularly in the south west south west south Mysore and Konkan in the Pandya temples of the Pandya .
The central nave a नाभि greater . or का of the bays at one end of the vertical axis is applied only to the structural ones where the पार्श्व or the lateral ones with the pillars and the walls drop down from the central bay .
Such early structural temples are the हैं in Aihole and the बादामी in Badami .
This feature in rock architecture is obviously in conformity with the structural models of contemporary and earlier brick and timber .
As a result the scheme of pillars inside the facade is not generally equal the पार्श्ववर्ती with wider spacing than the central pillars .
In Badami there are four cave - temples excavated at various heights on the vertical शैल of the sandstone rock.
The sanctum entrance is guarded by huge dvarapalas .
On the other hand the exhibition of the बौनी facade ' s dwarf wall and दीवारगीर figures " takes this excavation closer to the Badami group thereby indicating the first quarter of the seventh century .
Caves 20 22 37 . 22 हैं 23 हैं and 24 also belong to this period .
The Ravana - ki - कै ( Cave 14 ) of a simple plan consists of a large pillared mandapa and a sandhara shrine at its rear .
The pillars are of the kumbha - हैं type .
There are several carved sculptures on the entrance of the shrine with two dvarapalas .
On the mandapa walls and carved in the recesses between the pilasters are sculptural compositions Saivite and वैष्णव .
The cella is rectangular and has a platform on its rear with a socket in it for Vishnu or Durga है but not for Siva or linga .
This excavation in the pre - Rashtrakuta series can take place near AD 700 .
Cave 25 or the गुफा has several shrine - cells as in गुफा and has lateral galleries attached to the former .
While Cave 27 may be of the transitional period between the Chalukyas and Rashtrakutas Cave 25 should be earlier datable to the second half of the seventh century .
The गुफा . or Cave 15 is an odd example but is the only two - storeyed cave - temple or cave - complex of a very large size .
It is apparently a case of renewal of what was made and cut out for Buddhistic requirements.
This is an early example of Rashtrakuta work at Ellora .
Its agra - mandapa carries an inscription of सन् ( AD सन् ) and is a contemporary architectural or master work .
The detached Nandi - mandapa is four - pillared with flights of steps at the front .
The facade of the shrine which rises beyond has two storeys with two rows of pillars one above the other the pillars being square and reminiscent of the Tin - tal cave of Ajanta.
The groundfloor is a compartment with fourteen square pillars ; the upper floor has a large pillared mandapa with central nave and lateral aisles and a shrine with a linga at the rear .
The linga - pitha is circular .
The Jain excavations ( Caves 30 to 34 ) mark the last stage of activity in Ellora commencing from about AD 800 and continuing to the next .
They largely follow the earlier Hindu examples in planning and design and differ only in the हिंदू and प्रतिमा sciences .
The Indra Sabha ( Cave 32 ) and the Jagannath Sabha ( Cave 33 ) are both दुमंजिले excavations .
The Indra Sabha has in its open forecourt the chaumukh Jain monolithic temple .
The lower storey of the cave is an unfinished hall mostly with simple pillars some of them अलंकरण .
The hall has a pillared ड्यौढी and there are two side shrines on either side of the front .
The Jagannath Sabha though of the same type lacks the regularity of the scheme .
The only exception is the aberrant Undavalli cave - temple which is dedicated to Vishnu .
The Nandi in Saiva cave - temples is rock - cut as in the Pandyan examples farther south.
According to the chronology the ' गुफा ' cave ' in गुफा came first in its present form .
The last if not of direct Eastern Chalukyan vintage can at least be of Telugu - Chola affiliation .
These cave - temples essentially consist of a rock - cut hall or mandapa with one or more shrine - cells behind.
In some cases the mandapa is divided into simple and other multi - pillared भीतरी or pillared and भीतरी into the front and rear sections by a parallel inner row .
The pillars are usually simple स्तंभ thick and square in section with हैं or ढलवां at the centre .
As a result the middle portion is octagonal while the basal and apical sections are square in section .
The entrance also another characteristic storeyed structure of the south is called the महाद्वार महाद्वार or gopura ( महाद्वार ) according to its importance and shape .
Often the additional mandapa was a unattached auxiliary structure standing separately in the forecourt inside the prakara .
The importance of the main vimana with its adjunct the ardha - or mukha - mandapa was increased by a platform the upa - pitha below the adhishthana.
The remaining sculptures were accommodated even to the pillars of the mandapa .
With the increasing importance and elaboration of rituals and multiplication of festivals additions both axial and peripheral were made to this nuclear building .
It took the form of auxiliary mandapas on all sides of the central unit and subsidiary shrines or vimanas विमानों - LRB - halls - RRB - mandapas and मठों ( मठों ) .
The whole was enclosed by one or more " परिसरों with one or more gopura entrances resulting in the familiar temple complex of south India .
In the case of the Brihadisvara at Thanjavur the entire temple complex was planned and designed at the same time and executed almost simultaneously .
All this in comparison with the desire to build an effective vimana on a smaller scale could be प्ररित in the intervening तलों circular or oval spells of the aditala ' s sides with an भुजाओं or विमान projected by the lowest points of the adhishthana .
This part is called भीतरी ( भीतरी ) and indicates the beginning of the column ( भीतरी ) and the opening of the कमल in which the body is formed ) with a small plate or cup like a cup of flat on top of the cup .
The फलक large thick and square in earlier forms became polygonal or circular and thinner and smaller in later temples .
It supports the corbel - bracket or block शहतीर which carries the beam .
Thus there are the squatting or rearing vyalas - LRB - mythical lion - like forms with transformed faces - RRB - elephants , भूत भूत भूत भूत etc .
The भुजाओं and भुजाओं components too may be divided into sixteen squares or more sides.
The early series of temples mostly consisted of the विमान or विमान vimanas .
These small and medium size gopuras were single - or two - or three - storeyed called थे थे हैं . etc.
From the close of the tenth century onwards when larger vimanas came to be constructed the gateway came to assume correspondingly larger proportions becoming many - storeyed and called महाद्वार or gopura or विमान .
The gateways also tended to increase in height and size ultimately to become the dominating structures of the temple complex .
This can be seen particularly in the case of those ancient temples where the main vimana nucleus was ancient was kept intact and the prakara and gopura complexes similar to those at Chidambaram Tiruvannamalai Madurai .
Thus gained importance from the aircraft to the विमान and led to the fact that the early Brihadisvara temple at बृहदीश्वर levels like the Brihadisvara temple at Undavalli down to the main vimana four of the nasikas of the main vimana opposite the main vimana .
While the Chalukyas of Badami were beginning to construct structural temples of the same soft sandstone the विमान of which were excavated into their ancestors the Pallavas were faced with very hard material granite and पल्लवों .
Besides carving out a few vimana forms as miniature reliefs or full - scale facades they also started carving out three - dimensional monolithic vimanas of normal stature and of diverse types .
This was the outcome of his experience at the carving of a cave - temple in hard stone .
It had the परस्पर of an idea and it was also an analysis of conflicting निष्ठाओं and from this point of view it could be classified as an earlier drama " .
Hero too the forces of Brahminism of Hindu orthodoxy are ranged against the challenge of compassion and universal love as in the case of the teachings of Bankimchandra in particular .
According to him the Buddha had the best tradition of the Hindu race and of thought .
Tagore wanted to write a lot of poems and poems on Buddhist legends and अभिप्रायों .
Malini the King ' s daughter in the play is his first major Buddhist heroine.
But the most live and convincing character in the play is not this lovely but the chief enemy of the Hindu orthodoxy who in whose personality his religion is inspired by the fire of terror and obstinacy .
The conflict in this world is not only between obedience to the धर्म eaten सामाऋक and the duty of its followers but also between the poetry of pity and the prose of social necessity .
? is the same as the रहनेवाली playing Moon in the sky - but is that the only enduring truth ?
The two smallest ones lack the prastara part .
Thus the ratha alone would illustrate the various forms of nasikas as described in the texts .
The two - storeyed Ganesa ratha is nirandhara single - walled and in front of the same length as the aditala .
The mandapa is walled on its shorter sides and round the front corners leaving an open facade in front with vyala - based pillars and भित्तिस्तंभ .
The Pallava practice of cutting out the monolithic temple forms was adopted not only by the Pallava प्रायद्वीप in south India but by others far from the extreme south of India and partly by some of the more monolithic temples of the southern and northern type .
Following this pioneering work of the Pallavas a few attempts at the cutting out of monolithic vimana forms in the same and next centuries are noteworthy in the Eastern Chalukyan region north of the Pallava territory .
The smaller vimana is double - storeyed all square on plan but with octagonal griva and sikhara and stupi on top .
While the aditala is devoid of the hara elements on top it has like the top tola four seated भूत placed at the corners blowing हैं .
The hara elements are found over the second tala on all the four sides and over the ardha - mandapa in front of the aditala .
The talas are proportionately tail ; the top tala rises steeply from the hara elements of the tala below an octagonal griva and sikhara the stupi is made of polished black stone .
The pilasters on the walls have rearing lion bases as is characteristic of the Rajasimha temples .
It is essentially square on its base and तलों but its east - facing aditala has a smaller oblong shrine with cells attached to the middle of the south पार्श्वों west and northern sides over corresponding to the adhishthana .
The corresponding attachment to the east from which the path is in itself makes the antarala entrance to the main shrine .
The two lateral shrines facing east as also the rear shrine facing west are similar to the main shrine .
The अर्धवृत्ताकार temple at जिला district is a very good example of a single - storeyed vimana square in its adhishthana and aditala that carries an apsidal griva sikhara superstructure.
It was built of hard black stone in the ninth century in the time of Pallava राजवंश one of the last rulers of the dynasty.
The niches of its walls have some good दीवारों ; the vimana and ardha - mandapa illustrate the certain ध्रुवीकरण of the deities : the recesses of the ardha - mandapa in the southern and northern walls respectively of the ardha - mandapa are के and gradually the west of the inner walls .
The construction of के to drain the पानी water till now found in earlier temples is another noteworthy feature .
Although the credit of building small vimanas with hard stone and perfect perfection is to be attributed to the contemporary विमान of the south who are carved in their rocks and in the विमान or पाषाण complex of eight smaller stone shrines .
The series of small and elegant brick - LRB - stone - RRB - at जिला जिला जिला जिला जिला जिला and जिला district ) consists of square ekatala vimanas with much less than two square metres on the basis with a square griva and sikhara .
In the case of the विमान विमान as has been pointed out above the vimana cell in addition to the deity at the same set contains eight small octagonal families which are dedicated to the central angels at the corners and the nasika sides .
The oblong form with sala sikhara became the invariable rule according to prescription and practice for all the devi temples .
His stories created a new form in literature and produced a model which has not been surpassed in Indian literature till today .
Apart from his creative prose the range and quantity of his reflective prose of this period is astonishing.
There were hardly any subjects including philosophy and science left out of writing which he said all these made the beginnings of new thinking and understanding .
There are five elements dramatically : the air and water the inquisitive and emotional , the others are stolid and opportunist air an idealist and ether .
At the same time the author himself plays the role of an intermediary who did so sometimes revealed his true character and sometimes makes clear the different ideas - an Indian whose eyes are shining .
The square aditala outer wall has over its prastara four karnakutas at the corners and four salas above the central bays of the wall the adhishthana stands raised forward and widened to form the base of a larger square mandapa in front .
The central bays of its walls have devakoshthas for sculptures of Siva as on the vimana wall and the recesses have perforated .
Both these temples show some advanced features such as the elaborately carved over - door of the shrine entrance in addition to the niche decoration already noticed and the floor of the shrine with an outlet opening on the northern side .
Standing on an outer horn in the middle of the Badami hills . is a very simple structure with a massive single - walled square vimana selected from a larger block of sandstone a closed mandapa of about the same width in front of the बालुकाश्म .
The ham of four karnakutas and four salas of the aditala of the vimana is extended over the mandapa in front the two karnakutas being also the two front karnakutas of the mandapa .
The second tola of the vimana has a similar hara of four kutas and four salas .
Four more karnakutas running along the griva sikhara over - sides of the octagonal griva which conceal the corner blades of the octagonal griva and makes the ढक गोलमटोल of the octagonal sikhara .
The cardinal faces of the griva have nasikas of equal size .
The three bays on the vimana wall face west - west two karnakutas and central sola with plain rectangular niches for sculptures of gods .
His countrymen like these shrewd and wise statements and they may like to be quoted ; it is a wisdom or a medicine but it becomes even more interesting when it is given the title of a कणिका .
As Rabindranath wrote these lines he had no desire in his life to watch its lovely panorama from his boat on the river floor and was getting restless for a more active and crowded existence .
Then there was great unrest in the atmosphere and the sleeping का of nationalism was beginning to stir in his land and the British Government was slowly stirred and संत्रस्त .
Beneath its cloak of benevolence the sword . .
In 1898 the Sedition Bill was passed to stifle nationalist agitation and the great scholar - patriot Tilak was arrested .
On the day the Bill became a law - LRB - the poet jumped into the fray and read his famous paper आलेख - RRB - at a public meeting in Calcutta .
He raised his voice against the repressive policy of the Government and actively participated in raising funds for Tilak .
Soon after the plague broke out in Calcutta he assisted Sister Nivedita in organising relief and medical aid to the victims of this terrible disaster .
The poet was gradually becoming a पुरोधा for his people and a top priest of national aspirations not only raising his voice but leading an active service in the real sense .
It is by far the best known or available high vimanas with a height of 66 metres high and a square base of 28 metres each of which has a square vimana length of 28 metres with a square block of five - storeyed विमान .
The same upa - pitha and adhishthana have been further elevated as the basic structure of the ardha - maha - mandapa the mandapa can rise from the vimana to the north from the south beyond the ardha - mandapa the upa - pitha and the mandapas as provided .
The maha - and mukha - mandapas are closed on their sides the rows of pillars inside forming a central nave and lateral aisles which in the maha - mandapa part are raised as a continuous platform on either side of the central passage formed by the navel .
The pillars and the roof over the frontal cutting constitute an open agra - mandapa or agra - mandapa a later shift over the adhishthana and upa - pitha with a सीढियों of steps besides the two original ones .
While the transversely planned mukha - mandapa as also the connecting अनुप्रस्थ rise in four storeys the maha - mandapa was originally महामंडप .
The upper storey was evidently an open terrace with a row of Nandis placed on the coping of its walls.
The basal portion of the vimana enclosing the sanctum is dvitala and the sandhara shrine has a three - storeyed wall ; the two outer and inner walls are of a uniform thickness .
These two walls enclose inner circumambulatory passages in the two tiers since the inner wall in the sanctum too rises vertically to the same height of two storeys in order to accommodate the colossal linga and its equally immense linga - pitha .
Like the adhishthana below the outer wall rises out into sections on each side and in sections of the bays each having a door - openings in two storeys in the intervening bays of the south - east the west and the north.
Parallel in mood and temper to his political activities were his literary offerings of the period ballads narrative poems and dramatic episodes मनोदशा the past of the country .
As the Greek thesis has expressed its views in the Puranas the देवताओं and the praises of gods are such poems which can be accepted in our state .
For if you have to admit the pleasurable muse also in songs and verses we need pleasure and sorrow instead of law . "
Did the philosopher overlook that pleasure and pain are the pulse of life and without which the legal states and nothing else would satisfy the uniformity of life void .
However Plato ' s approval of Rabindranath would have been short - lived .
Two important volumes of this period Katha ( रवीन्द्रनाथ ) and Kahini ) are masterpieces of narrative verse and drama .
The lyric poet the dramatist and the story - teller have pooled their genius to make some of these pieces rank among Tagore ' s finest legacies to his people cherished as much by the young as by the old.
A situation in the Mahabharata in which there is any slight hint ; in which to understand the extent of the dramatic probability his capacity is assessed by his ear Kunti or Gandhari ' s Prayer to the Indian poetry .
The chief characteristics of these poems apart from their exquisite poetry narrative skill and dramatic energy are their constant concern for basic moral and spiritual values .
The square vimana with a boldly moulded adhishthana over a high upa - pitha is likewise sandhara in its two vertical lower talas .
The Brihadisvara vimana of विमान - विमान differs from its predecessor and supposed model of the same name in Thanjavur .
It has only a single entrance on the east for both the functional lower storeys and is not या or या as the Thanjavur temple .
The tapering superstructure of the upper talas resting on the third tala is rendered out of a कदलिका pattern curved by a straight angle from the corners of the Thanjavur aircraft .
This is an aesthetic achievement resulting from the clever तत्वों of octagonal kutas in the hara elements of the upper talas as karnakutas at the corners .
It may be said that the outer shape of this vimana is the बाह्य of quality aesthetic excellence and of a clear work and is superior to its predecessor in the विमान design of विमान .
However आंतरिक internally without any other embellishments like नृत्यों paintings and dances .
The smaller temple units called the Uttara Kailasa and Dakshina Kailasa on either side of the main vimana also belong to about the same period .
The wholly apsidal and multi - storeyed main vimana built of the काले temple near Madras is another fine temple though it is a smaller structure of Rajendra I Chola .
The foundation inscription is interesting in the sense that it defines the stone used as a Krishna - slab and details the parts of the vimana with which it is embellished .
The mandapa has three outer entrances : the adhishthana and the upa - pitha two steps below the height of the adhishthana and the upa - pitha besides two of the vimanas on either side and above the ground level .
The bases of the स्तंभों and peripheral pillars are provided by three subsidiary shrines with a few generations later ( excavations ) in the second row which in the north - east corner structures into a closed screen with a net - like wall .
The adhishthana tiers of the vimana विमान and mandapa are profusely carved with long lines of friezes of animals पशुओं men and narrative scenes .
The overhanging kapota of the mandapa is supported by numerous finely carved female figures in graceful poses called नारी .
The superstructure of the main vimana is now lost .
The pillars inside the mandapa are exquisitely lathe - turned or intricately carved and a few of them carry fine bold figure sculpture .
The raised बक्से - like central ceiling of the mandapa rising in eight tiers by stepped - up triangular slabs cutting the corners successively forms a sort of octagonal hollow dome with all the tiers intricately carved.
The temple thus is a veritable museum of sculptures large and small and intricate पशु floral and animal carvings.
The sikhara on top must have been square .
The mandapa with the turned sides has four carved pillars each flanked by the floor and ceiling which is a grid of nine squares .
The गांव temple in another part of the village consecrated in about नामेश्वर by 1202 Reddi is a more elegant structure with carving and sculpture richer than in the larger ones .
It consists of the vimana east and open mukha - mandapa connected by an antarala .
The mandapa is of the navaranga pattern with four central pillars on the centre of the floor and twelve more pillars on the periphery .
Adjacent to the मुखमंडप is a triple - मंदिरों unit with three shrines opening on the south के west and north of a common mukha - mandapa .
The three shrines all alike are comparatively plain structures built of large slabs of stone with no decorations on their exterior .
These temples called शिव शिव and शिव ( now called शिव Siva ) were built by थे Reddi at the beginning of the thirteenth century .
The ruined brickwork superstructure has lost many of its distinctive characteristics .
The temple complex at वारंगल ( Warangal district ) inside the mud fort at the centre of the village is another example of the Kakatiya temple complex .
In front of the eastern भग्नावशेष there is a ruined mandapa .
The surrounding parivara shrines are of varied character with or without a front mandapa .
Some of them have tiered superstructures still extant with sukanasika projections in some of which the kuta sola of the southern vimana type is evident .
Many of them have square sikhara .
The crown part is of the amalaka type in one case at least .
Within the fort there are about a dozen temples : but none of them is very outstanding ; many of them are small structures like Virabhadra , Rama , विष्णु विष्णु देवी देवी देवी देवी देवी देवी देवी and Temple .
In the same district there are small temples at जिले ( जिले ) the superstructures of which are lost .
In many cases the superstructure over the stone - building in the larger temples is of brick and mortar .
These miniature shrine tops here and elsewhere are of the vimana type with a square or circular sikhara or of the prasada type with an amalaka on the top .
Another characteristic decorative motif seen is a क्रॉस ( क्रॉस ) or a क्रॉस with four petals in the size of the cross - roads : the क्रॉस region of the Vijayanagar empire and the temples of the Nayakas there .
There are nearly fifty temples of the ध्वंस known but they are mostly in various stages of destruction .
However some of them are of the चालुक्य - Chalukya vimana pattern discussed separately .
The structural stone - temple the later Vijayanagar temple after the early Muslim inroads in the south which had abated the hitherto continuous temple - building activity was a mere silence of about half a century .
The rise of the Vijayanagar empire to check the Muslim conquest in the middle of the fourteenth century ( which soon surrounded the entire Peninsula in the process led to a new momentum by the creation of temple architecture and consolidation .
The architectural traditions of the empire carrying with its capital at Vijayanagar or Hampi have been inherited as evolved by the later rulers in their southern provinces .
Thus their temples in their northern domains at में Andhra and Karnataka regions retain much that was inspired by the Chalukyan . while their greater southern constructions in Tamil Nadu and southern Kerala continued the traits of the Pallava - Chola - Pandya architecture .
But as has been pointed out the क्षेत्रों so far as the northern regions are concerned they made a particular change ; they adopted the rigid stone - making tradition and technique in all the places in their large empire and have hitherto proved to be the बहिष्कार .
In their large capital of Hampi now ruined there are several temples : all of them are hard stone structures exhibiting the traits of one of the two काकतीय Chalukya - Rashtrakuta - Hoysala - Kakatiya series and the Pallava - Chola - Pandya series .
The capitals that of वेल्लोर ( वेल्लोर district ) वेल्लोर ( वेल्लोर district ) and of Vellore ( North Arcot district ) have their subsequent capitals and their provincial capitals or their Nayakas as at Vellore ( South Arcot district ) वेल्लोर ( Thanjavur district ) .
Some of their temples are remarkable for the large size of their component structures i. e. the mandapas and gopuras .
This was a fixed deviation and forced the विजयनगर and विजयनगर to think in terms of new materials and to lay down their targets and targets for the performance of a classic by the vision of numbers and qualities .
He was a सन्यासी of the Sringeri Sankaracharya lineage ordained by the great धर्म Guru गुरु or सन्यासी himself and he himself became a legend after him .
In the patronage of the saint the Virupaksha first held the coronation ceremony at eighteen April राजधानी in the new capital and in the testimony of Lord Virupaksha where in the temple there was a vow to rule the state as the emblem of Sri Virupaksha .
The wind blew its way and the Queen who was in a gay mood came so pleased that if she could catch fire .
She was not allowed to sit near her and ordered her companions to set fire .
As the flames fanned by the wind shot up high the Queen was delighted and returned to the palace pleased with a morning well spent.
The king sent for his queen and asked him Why did this ? "
The Queen smiled and said " What harm has happened that the sky broke .
The king replied : " You yourself yourself ' s decision and ordered the Rani to leave the palace by depriving her all her jewels and precious property .
They asked them to go and earn their living .
Then you will realise how great a loss of it is the loss of the poor man ' s burning for the moment ' s joy .
" I shall take you as my queen on the same day as you will be able to stand up again .
But the idea of praising the gods and the praises of worthy actions was wholly unacceptable to the poet whose genius was primarily and व्यक्तिपरक subjective in his personality .
This form is similar to the विरासत temples of the Orissan legacy on the north - east and the दक्कन sikhara found in Gujarat and the forms found in western India on the north - west of the Deccan .
The cave - temple found in Hampi and around it . essentially the greatest repository of Vijayanagar fame : By far - reaching विजयनगर this bifurcation into a bifurcation between one or the other by के between one and the other .
But wherever in the early years of the rising empire came the challenge of popular construction which was to the rise and pride of the emerging empire the विजयनगर of Vijayanagar who responded to it by some effective and courageous experiment and made structural references .
The second date would indicate a central shrine : the second date would indicate that the large stone temple now standing on the spot would have come to पत्थर by this year .
Thus it can be seen that the temple was founded within a few years after the foundation of विजयनगर ' s नगर town and empire .
The temples built by local red granite can be said to be the largest of the Vijayanagar temples combining the temples and the axial mandapas into a single unit .
On plan the aditala and mandapa prastara projecting from the top to the aditala and mandapa prastara are double - storeyed with two large pillars projecting each other in their open ends resulting in an elliptical shape .
The outer curved apse ends face east and west respectively.
His life - god seems to claim his हृदय slowly " I left my heart to this world and this world of mine which you made .
But no idol - worshipper is so easily distinguishable from his nature ( Devi ) the lover of life does not sacrifice so soon his manifold love for the austerities simplicity of a characteristic faith .
For sheer delight in the creation of forms light - heartedness of mood playfulness of thought and liveliness of language for the exquisite frivolity of genius Tagore never wrote anything finer with this collection.
He made the most powerful use of the colloquial language with its abbreviated sounds and drew such strength vigour and music which as is believed to have revolutionised the future of Bengali poetry .
It was in this language that the people finally won their language which they made the language of literature .
In a lovely poem he दमन for the speed and liveliness of his mood and for which he could not reconcile his relationships because the sky दमन and the world दमन in the rain .
Tagore ' s Bengali reader with his बंगाली was probably another Bengali reader .
But this fresh extension of the highest enthusiasm was , a happy frenzy and उन्माद They were all - - a - शताब्दी of which they were indeed grateful to the passing century .
His offering to the new century was indeed very different .
Two of his books which were quite opposite to each other ' were soon published in the beginning of another : Kshanika which marked the end of 1900 E . and the second in 1901.
Some of these were later compiled in अंग्रेजी ( English ) .
It is subdued by the presence of God and man and in these poems there is room for high flights of imagination or dexterity of thought or emotional exuberance or metrical प्राचुर्य .
The poet has realised his own helplessness and will henceforth seek his light from him .
All this is because it is with .
" Make your lamp burn in my house ; my lamp touches the air and smoke. ”?
In his written reply he added that he was totally powerless and if he did not listen to the rebels he would kill him and his queen Zeenat Mahal he even said they would depose me and make them Mirza Mughal .
It is therefore worth noting why I was in my hands or did I agree with them ?
I was in their possession : what could I do with ?
They came suddenly and made me a prisoner .
I was in such a predicament that I was weary of my life and had no hope of remaining officers under me .
I took nothing from them nor did they bring any of the plunder to me .
One day he went to Begum Zeenat Mahal intending to plunder it in the palace but was unable to break the door .
It should therefore be pointed out that they were not subservient to my orders .
I had not gone in a procession of my own .
He was my servant with the सैनिकों rebels for my protection .
When these troops were preparing to escape I at once went away from the palace window and stayed in Humayun ' s tomb .
From this place I was summoned with the assurance that my life would be spared and I promptly transferred myself to the government .
The rebels wanted me to take with them but I did n ' t go . "
Finally he said: " I have already stated that the officers of the army are responsible for the men who made their demands without my knowledge will be made by them as they have done and I am sure they have done all by them .
The. entire defence shows how weak and कायर Bahadur Shah had become at the time when he was prosecuted .
They had neither the courage left nor the pride of being Mughal .
They wanted to convey to them that they had not done anything by their own choice and that they had become such a puppet in the hands of soldiers and officers who had no choice but to sign decrees and orders .
It seems that his sole concern was to save his and the wife ' s life who by then hated him .
In his written statement to gain the sympathy of the court he even said that his army alleged that he and his wife Zeenat Mahal were trying to help Englishmen.
He said: " They were all impressed upon my attendants and particularly by my Hakim Ajmal Khan . Ali Khan and Begum Zeenat Mahal trying to send and सांठ them to the British .
But the king was neither in a position to cross - examine any of the witnesses nor was he advised to do so .
All the evidence was against him - LRB - no one - RRB - and on the basis of these personal evidence the Advocate General - LRB - General - RRB - made his opinion .
The Deputy Judge Advocate General Major F. J. अभियोक्ता prosecutor for the government then addressed the court .
He narrates from the beginning of the mutiny to Bahadur Shah ' s brief history till the arrest of Bahadur Shah and while introducing a summary of evidence against the king he was quite clear that all allegations made against the prisoner were made perfectly by the statements and documents .
He said ' We stop to enquire whether it has been proved in the court and can be repeated years later that the last King of the Imperial House of Taimur was an दुष्टता in this दुष्टता .
These murders took place in the wake of many an eye witnesses a number of witnesses of an open - air prisoners by their own बंदी within the walls of his palace where ( memory ) continued the empire of the company .
I did not however want to infer that these murders must have been previously sanctioned by the बंदी for such inference had not been accepted in a court of justice.
They do not agree that for all the ills of their country the foreigners should be दोषी and said that what evil they do and they both are guilty without protest .
When the poet wrote this he had no idea that within a few years this truth would be proclaimed and vindicated by Mahatma Gandhi .
In this he condemned the बोअर nationalism of the Nation ' s आतंकपूर्ण and he saw the end of the century बोअर by the cruel and बोअर war of the Boer War and the बोअर tragedy by the बोअर .
It is also a astonishing fact that during this period of deep religious and moral idealism Rabindranath wrote two novels : The नीड घोसला ( घोसला nest ) and बालि Bali in Indian novels a realistic novel .
The novels written before them by Bankim Chandra Chatterji or by Tagore himself were full of romantic romances or a social play of emotion or a mixture of two .
The modern novel whether realistic or psychological or concerned with a problem begins with these two novels in Indian literature .
The tale of the ruined nest comes from the family tragedy of the busy editor of a daily newspaper , who has little scope for his young and extremely devoted wife .
A vivid and versatile genius the nephew of her husband ' s nephew in relationship brings with him a little solace and communication to his wife .
They both inspire and nurture each other to write and both emerge as the upcoming writer .
But at the same time the inevitable complications arise and the happy nest is destroyed .
He added : " His own son Mirza Moghul and Delhi and the ministers of the king .
Bahadur Shah came to be nominated the King and on 11 May 1858 the evidence and circumstances of the establishment of his rule : " Mirza Mughal was openly appointed the Commander - in - Chief and a few days after his reputation were celebrated .
Subedar Bakht Khan was appointed both the Governor General and Commander - in - Chief on 11th July 1857 .
Whatever was done under the authority of these two persons was done under the rule of the king . "
An order of the King dated 6th September 1857 among other documents was read with .
Who else could have given such an order ? "
Some documents put as ' court - diary 'were relied upon to prove that 49 Europeans were murdered with the consent of the king .
The British were imprisoned and the soldiers demanded that they should be handed over to them .
The king accepted his demand and asked the soldiers to do what they wanted .
He also relied upon certain circulars purported to have been sent to the ruler of Kutch chief of Jaisalmer and the ruler of Jammu . "
The rebels of the 11th and 20th army were openly condemned to the encouragement and help by the king as they were the soldiers of the Indian army and the first to shoot him down in आग .
Nothing was hidden from this moment and there was no attempt at disguise .
After the speech of the Deputy Judge Advocate General the court adjourned to consider and arrive at its findings.
When the court 1858 on 9th March 1858 it pronounced its decision : " On the evidence produced the court came to the conclusion that the ex - King of Delhi मुहम्मद Muhammad Shah was convicted of all the charges levelled against him .
This verdict was approved and confirmed by Major General N. P. 1858 commanding the Meerut Division on 2nd April 1858 at Camp सहारन and the court was adjourned sine die .
Bahadur Shah has been criticised by many writers for accepting the trial .
He was not a British subject and therefore there was no justification for his case before the Tribunal .
It is also a much better creation in its totality and structure composed in a much more complex scenario .
The story revolves around the dilemma of human relations and gradually जमाने into a soft and serene atmosphere of a middle class Bengali family and mentally challenged one of the sons - in - law .
One would imagine that this would be the most important thing in the Indian home because of his numerous inhibitions and restricted social contacts .
But passions savage and violent are unleashed within hearts seemingly placid and battles rage until the home is nearly burnt down without flame or smoke being visible to the outside .
On the whole the first year of the twentieth century was a notable year in Tagore ' s career and it was in every way a great deal of परिवार with his entire family and partly responsible for the rest of his life as a man .
His lover became a teacher and the poet wore the robes of a prophet.
Of course नियति realised that he was no longer in a position to live entirely on the paternal property and destiny calling him to be active in the larger field .
भी in those days was a city of incessant noise and there was a curious हृदय and aversion to the heart .
He wanted peace for his work and he wanted to be sufficiently active in the leisure between the author and the की of his studies .
What better place than Santiniketan could it ?
On the basis of the statements contained in the Brahmo Public Opinion you made a note of public censure against a judge ' s behaviour by making a false observation of the circumstances of the case .
There was no basis for this allegation ; but it is clear from the elders ( which you are completely right ) ; details in the Brahmo Public Opinion and your observations based on it were entirely unfounded .
It is perfectly true that the European judges particularly the barrister are far more acquainted with the religious ideas and sentiments of Hindu society and they can do more to consult the people who know this subject .
But the statement of your affidavit and your arguments by your counsel Banerjee makes it clear that you agree that the learned judge did all his best to learn the truth of the matter and not injure the religious feelings of the people of your country .
So we are left to consider what punishment you should be given .
It is indeed sad that a man of your kind पद who was once a member of a civil service is a magistrates in honour of the city ; and now भडकाने his authority as the editor of a letter .
You have attempted in your affidavit to justify the offence by saying that the accused Mr Justice Norris Public Opinion was based on the report of the पब्लिक which you considered right and which you raised .
All that is not " you must have agreed that your charges were totally false and unfounded and made without any effort to verify their किया You think these charges were made entirely for the good of the people .
" You have made mention of the report made in your affidavit as given by the Brahmo Public Opinion which however is apparently intended to assail Mr Justice Norris .
The British judge was above the level of highly sacred criticism.
रामकुमार रामकुमार was discharged without any penalty .
Justice Mitter . who had the rare courage to dissent did not agree with the majority opinion and the sentence .
He opposed such severe punishment in such a case .
He said " Most of the members of the court regret that in the fixation of the sentence the Roy of Comrade Mitter does not fit in with him .
The trial of a learned judge as indicated by us is well - known but the first one being that the facts of the case are far different from that of the , and other cases where such cases are dealt with in England .
Though the affidavit filed by Surendra Nath Banerjea was clear and unequivocal still the judges were bent upon teaching a lesson and characterised the affidavit as lacking in honesty and frankness .
It was a well - known fact that Surendra Nath Banerjea was not only a good orator and politician but a man of great learning and master of English language .
He had taken full advice from his counsel and there was nothing vague in his affidavit .
However the Chief Justice while examining his conviction said :
After reading this - LRB - द्वारकानाथ - RRB - If you think you may excuse me that Mr Justice Norris J. Mitter was रिहाई and द्वारकानाथ the allegations made by you and you ' d be अफसोस on the note .
This judgment was pronounced on Saturday 24th April 1869 and after Mr Taylor was रिहा up on 27 April for a suitable apology was released and his remaining sentence was remitted.
The complexion of guilt in the case of Mr Taylor is certainly not of a lighter character than that of Surendra Nath Banerjee .
On 18th July 1893 Justice B . 1893 observed that in the wake of the rules of the Criminal Procedure Code of Independence Act 1882 he came to the conclusion that the High Court was instituted against contempt for the law .
In 1889 Rabindranath sailed with his wife and five daughters three sons and two sons - in - law . - जमींदारी where he had landed in जमींदारी .
But it was not only important for them to teach their children in a hurry but to go to school in a big way by examining what they were thinking .
His imagination had already been caught by आश्रम pictures of आश्रम or forest आश्रम - where learned sages along with their disciples and taught them plain living and high thinking .
So they पुनर्जीवित the ancient ideal and replace the मशीनी and mechanical system of education which the British rulers had imported from their Victorian slums by a new and creative way of teaching and learning both interesting .
He had to place the ancient energy in the modern or ऊर्जा frame - work of the old type in a new mould .
On 22 December 1901 he set up his school at Santiniketan with five pupils one of them his eldest son and a few teachers with them .
He named it . after the ancient forest आश्रमों .
The orthodox Hindus must have been very much confused with the ईसाई as three of these five teachers were Christians and one was an Englishman and his son ' s first teacher .
But that was always Tagore ' s मृतकों interpret tradition in his own way and his respect for the dead .
Their sentences were accordingly reduced from death to transportation for life .
Their two judges gave different decisions .
They were unanimous in को B . H . थे .
Among other 12 others viz. Barindra Ullaskar Upendra Hem Chandra इन्द्र Indra Rai शिशिर . . . . परेश परेश परेश परेश परेश . . . . Sudhir and सुधीर उल्लासकर उल्लासकर but they gave up their convictions .
Others ( कृष्ण ) Krishna - LRB - सेन - RRB - सेन Sen . Sushil Sen and Indra थे - LRB - chief justice - RRB - were reluctant to settle their sentences under Section 121 - A .
Judicial proceedings before the magistrate Mr श्री occupied 76 days .
The trial in the Court of Sessions lasted 131 days .
The appeal was heard for 47 days in the High Court .
The two judges dis - agreed and heard by the third judge for 20 days
The number of documents filed wherever they were selected was more than 4 000 pages and the material and articles exhibited such as हथियार हथियार हथियार tools and so on.
His approver Narendranath जेल was assassinated in jail - LRB - जेल - RRB - by two जेल before he died in the court of justice .
The prosecution consequently lost its evidence in the Sessions Court .
Banerjee a police officer was shot before he could give evidence and his murderer was never caught .
The most dramatic event was the murder of Babu Ashutosh Biswas the public prosecutor who one day was conducting the prosecution during the absence of Mr Norton .
He was shot in the back in the immediate vicinity of the Sessions Court by a young man who forfeited his life in return at the gallows.
Mr Norton was allowed to keep a loaded pistol in his brief throughout the trial .
In 1922 Savarkar gathered around him several Indian students who obtained a book on bomb - making technique and sent it to India by बम .
This was followed by transportation of Madanlal सावरकर of Savarkar ' s group for killing Curzon कर्जन with a bomb in London .
Meanwhile revolutionaries in India had become quite active .
In 1910 नासिक shot the Collector of Nasik to avenge the transportation of his brother .
The steamer in which he was being taken to India escaped through her भूमि and landed on French soil near मर्साई but she was captured by her guard .
भारत back to India he was tried by a Special Tribunal on charges of sedition .
On the first day of July 1910 the steamer which led Savarkar to India was launched by S . S . सावरकर .
थे security arrangements were made on the ship .
There was some engine trouble in S. S . लंगर and it was forced to anchor at Marseilles on the evening of 7th July 1910 .
The task was not merely peril but perilous and Savarkar used his uncanny intelligence and acumen .
He opened fire on the escaping prisoner .
Those who chased him came running away from the सिपाही and forcibly grabbed him by the French policeman contrary to the International Law .
It was unfortunate that Savarkar ' s colleagues who were late by a few hours .
On 8 July 1910 the brave news of Savarkar 's escape from सावरकर but unsuccessful attempts seized the conscience of the world.
The ship sailed for India and reached Aden where Savarkar was transferred to another steamer " S . जहाज " under strict security arrangements .
The guards huddled him into a tiny cabin a cabin only a space of four feet square which he could accommodate only .
Savarkar who was stranded in a world of , . and सामना . went to India with undaunted courage .
बंबई reached Bombay without any accident .
On 22nd July 1910 the prince of Indian revolutionaries Savarkar was received at the Bombay harbour .
A closed नासिक van transferred him to a guarded special train which delivered him to the police custody of Nasik .
She grumbled only when she made her children wear better clothes .
She was not happy for long .
He acquired proficiency not only in his own language but in English and Sanskrit also .
With her husband ' s inspiration she translated the original Sanskrit Ramayana into Bengali an abridged version .
He also acted in the play Raja O Rani and made his stage very bright .
No wonder that she won her husband ' s heart in the last instance and her husband tried to make his love count when she was on bed .
There were no electric fans in those days and contemporary witnesses have left on record their admiration of the husband who was always in his hand inspired by the admiration of the band of Indians.
On the night that he had died he spent the whole night following a terrace walking up and said all he had told them that no one was to disturb him .
The fact that he was brought to India on a non - legal warrant was not an issue of consideration for him .
The Special Tribunal held a decision on such a person ( व्यक्ति ) whose case was under consideration in the court of the Hague ) .
In a country ruled by imperialism justice also assumes an देश face and जोखिम truth .
It may be important to point out that the Government of India of Lord सिडेनहैम did not mind this order of exile but made yet another trial .
This time he was charged with abetment of the murder of Mr Jackson the Collector of Nasik .
They were put up before the same Special Tribunal .
The same play was repeated again .
Mahatma Gandhi ' s case was tried under Section 124 - A of the Indian Penal Code in 1922 under Section 124 - A of the Indian Penal Code .
This was the first trial which involved the legality and morality of the non - co - operation movement .
J . M . न्यायालय the Hon 'ble Chief Justice of the Gujarat High Court wrote about the trial :
Barring the trial of Socrates there is hardly a trial in the whole human history which as Gandhi trial made such a splash and made such a deep impact on human life .
A similarity in the attitude adopted by Socrates and Gandhiji towards the prosecution that they were tried both gave a greater status to truth by law and they welcomed the convictions for breaking the law . "
The trial of Gandhiji is similar to that of Socrates ( i . e . g . i . e . g . the man on the one hand is concerned with the state of man and on the other hand in a morality and sense of duty .
The Governor - General - in - charge of the Bombay High Court was appointed on March 4 1922 as a protest against Mahatma Gandhi and his publisher - Mr M . A . Mr . सुपरिंटेंडेंट in the following words:
( No . Articles will be published on the date of such issues as they have appeared .
राजद्रोह A Virtue 15th June 1921 July 1921 .
1921 on 29 September 1921 4.
A 1921 and its Solution 15th December 1921 4. 20 1921
Shaking the नींद 23rd February 1922 Mahatma Gandhi and बैंकर Banker were arrested and produced before Mr . L. N. Brown Additional District Magistrate of Ahmedabad .
Mr . Mahatma Gandhi . years . . किसान किसान किसान and peasant बैंकर बैंकर आश्रम Ashram बैंकर and किसान बैंकर Banker बैंकर to make this case appear in the court ( Section 11 ) of the Indian Penal Code ) .
My name is मोहनदास .
My father ' s name is Karamchand Gandhi .
My age is about 53 .
I am by caste Hindu बनिया .
I am farmer and weavers .
All the standards have been given in your presence .
Do you have to say anything about this ?
" And I hereby direct that you be tried by the said court .
I have therefore no alternative but to commit them to the Court of Sessions for trial the offence appearing too serious for me to dispose of the case . "
The case was committed to the Court of Sessions Ahmedabad on the plea of 'guilty' under Section 124 - A of the Indian Penal Code .
The people all over the country took interest in the trial and came to see it from afar .
The personality of the accused in the court - room was a Mahatma and his profound influence on the world as a teacher the nature of the charges . the issues pertaining to trial and the likely political conditions of the country and the future of India .
The trial began at सेशन . C . S . का before R. S. का . . ( p . m ) .
Five minutes before twelve the accused were brought into custody in the court .
Nevertheless the entire court rose to show its own अदालत when in a rough low - level low - level व्यक्तित्व a calm व्यक्तित्व figure Mahatma Gandhi entered the scene with his devoted disciples and fellow - prisoner गांधी banker .
" So you must have sat down near me because you can support me from my being conquered and make a laugh that broke out in its depths the laugh of the childhood of the world .
In this issue there was another article dated 28th July 1921 in which it was stated that we had to destroy the system . "
Again on 30th September there was another article : The Punjab prosecution which stated that a non - co - operator should preach a revolt in accordance with his name .
These articles were written before ' approval ' and were referred to by the Government of Bombay .
The Advocate General however added that the accused was a man of high learning and because of his writings a popular leader : the articles are too bad for their author is an educated man .
The Advocate General asked the court to consider the nature of the campaign proposed in these articles which had recently appeared in Bombay and November .
There were murders and destruction of property inflicting misery and misfortune .
The Advocate General however submitted that though non - violence was preached in such articles what would be its use though it would be open to people to learn disaffection against the British Government or to throw it out .
The most unhappy man there was perhaps the judge himself .
He restrained his emotions cleared his voice gathered his strength and delivered his oral judgment in careful and dignified terms .
Few readers would normally suspect that the poems full of innocent delight for children were written during the period of great dejection and sorrow .
He had not only to nurse the ailing daughter but to look after and entertain the two youngest ones who in the absence of the mother clung to him .
For their pleasure they had to hide their grief and anxiety and to share their little interests and listen to their सुननी .
On the seashore of endless worlds was the meeting of children.
In September 1903 nine months after his mother ' s death Renuka died at the age of thirteen .
This precocious moody and uncommon girl was very dear to her father and the father was shocked to die .
He kept himself busy with his work and was reading the pages of his literary journal के .
Though the possibility of launching a big conspiracy case against prominent left - wing leaders was being considered from 1927 the first concrete reference to it was found in Lord Irwin ' s secret telegram to the State Secretary of India on 13th September 1928 .
At that time the Public Safety Bill ( Public Safety Bill ) was moving very slowly in the Legislative Assembly as indicated by the Viceroy .
The assembly of the Viceroy on 14th March sanctioned arrest of thirty - one leftist leaders according to which they entered into a conspiracy to deprive the King of the sovereignty of British India and thereby under Section 121 - A of the Indian Penal Code .
Under Section 196 of Criminal Penal Code 1898 Mr M . A . C . मेरठ Chief Justice of the Intelligence Bureau filed a complaint in the court of the Meerut District .
Among the thirty - one accused leftists were apart from two British nationals . नागरिकों and ब्रिटिश well - known Indian communists like P . C . Joshi and S . A . अभियुक्तों .
On 20 March 1929 large - scale arrests were made in a dozen different towns simultaneously .
The news of the arrest created a stir in India .
Dr . Dharamvir Singh stated that he had never been a communist and as a follower of Gandhi was opposed to communist objectives and methods .
H . H . मानवतावादी argued that he was a मानवतावादी humanitarian " while आल्वे claimed himself to be a farmer and a labourer .
The first stage of the Meerut conspiracy case the magistrate enquiry ended on 15th December 1929 after lasting for seven months .
On January 13 1930 thirty - one out of thirty - two accused were tried by Mr श्री 1930 .
All the prisoners except Dr Dharamvir Singh were committed to be tried by the court of Special Sessions at Meerut .
M. N. Roy could not be arrested at that time and was consequently tried separately.
The first petition was submitted to the Chief Justice of Allahabad on 16th July 1929 .
He rejected it saying that the trial was being conducted under conditions most normal in this country and he did not think that anybody would suffer from it and that everybody will get accustomed to the rest of the Meerut . "
The final application for transfer was made by Sir Tej Bahadur Sapru on January 24 1930 .
He appealed to the Chief Justice of the Allahabad High Court on behalf of the thirty - one accused that their case was transferred to the Allahabad High Court and a jury. .
On January 27 1930 the Chief Justice dismissed the petition and ordered the trial to be conducted in the Meerut Sessions Court .
The jury could not adopt a judicial view .
He further stated that he was not in favour of a jury trial since the jury would have to learn and understand innumerable documents and this would be a super - human task for any member of the jury .
Consequently the only man could make a fair and just decision on such a matter . "
The second stage of the conspiracy case the formal trial began before R. L. यार्क and five Indian assessors in the court of Special Sessions at Meerut on 31st January 1930 .
The prosecution rested its case on 17th March 1931 after examining 281 witnesses and producing 2,600 documents .
Then followed the formal statements of the prisoners were made public.
The trial reached its closing stage on June 16 1932.
Conclusion The Meerut trial was from the very beginning a political trial .
As the trial proceeded it assumed a propagandist character on both sides .
The opening of the meeting was made by Mr अभियोक्ता James the chief public prosecutor who vehemently attacked communism national and international in the choicest phraseology आक्रमण the communists as enemies of civilised society .
In return the प्रतिवादियों defendants used this opportunity to make political speeches and propaganda statements from the court .
Most of the accused had decided to make such statements particularly by the communists as it would have helped the propagation of the ideology and programmes of the Communist Party .
To achieve this objective each accused introduced his personal hygiene before the joint statement .
The Meerut trial belongs to the class of cases of which the अमेरिका trial in America the फ्रांस trial in France and the जर्मनी Fire trial in Germany are the best examples .
A mammoth procession led by Lala Lajpat Rai greeted the Simon Commission with black flags and was lathi - charged .
Bhagat Singh भगत Rajguru and Azad decided to kill Mr Scott the suspected responsible for 'the लाठियां blows on Lajpat Rai .
On 17 December 1928 he shot Saunders Assistant Superintendent of Police Mr . Saunders as Mr Scott .
On the 8th April 1929 Bhagat Singh and his colleague B . Dutt threw a bomb when they went to the Central Assembly in the session shouting जिंदाबाद and shouted जिंदाबाद जिंदाबाद .
Innumerable songs grew over him and the popularity that he enjoyed was पर
Bhagat Singh ' s throwing bomb in the Central Assembly and his revolutionary activities aroused equally powerful feelings against the British rule than the peaceful satyagraha and civil disobedience movement .
For Bhagat Singh and Dutt it was not difficult to escape from the police after throwing a bomb in the Central Hall of the Assembly .
Both the निडर heroes stood अडिग to their places to be arrested .
After raising revolutionary slogans and throwing leaflets in the Central Hall the two accused courted arrest at the hands of the police .
But at that time it had a profound meaning - a message for the country and the world it was a vehicle of deep discontent and resentment about the exploitation of the Raj .
Both the accused were kept in solitary confinement and under strict protection .
The British Government not wanting to risk issued summons to the accused in jail .
Strict safeguards were taken on the day of the hearing .
The Hindustan Times published in the newspaper :
Police constables with lathis were lined from the magistrate ' s residence on the जेल Road to the jail and all other roads leading to the jail .
C . C . कपडों men were seen cycling on the roads in plain clothes and watching important चौराहों .
This caused hurt to Sir George V . . Mr R . P . Rao and Mr Shankar Rao .
These facts constitute an offence punishable under Section 308 of I. P. C. with transportation for life or with lesser punishment.
These activities include the causing of such explosion ; - LRB - i - RRB - an offence punishable under Section 3 of the Explosive Substances Act 1908 .
I find it proved that Dutt threw the second bomb with similar intention and that by doing so he caused injuries to Mr S . N . Roy and पी A . P . पी .
" I hold both the accused guilty of both the charges accused and I pass the sentence . "
The actions of the two accused constitute offences punishable under two provisions of law .
Under Section 71 of the Indian Penal Code the two offences are mixed with one another and the prescribed punishment for them must not be more than the one awarded for them .
This decision was communicated to the Punjab Government by the following telegram :
Bhagat Singh . Rajguru and Sukhdev will be executed at seven o 'clock in the evening of March 23 .
The news will come in Lahore in the early morning of March 24 . "
He was hanged in the darkness of the night and the declaration was made :
The people are शरीरों that Bhagat Singh जेल Rajguru and Sukhdev dead bodies which were executed yesterday evening ( 23 March ) were taken to the edge of the Satluj where they are removed from the police and Hindu scriptures according to the Sikh scriptures .
At present the Labour Party was in power in Britain .
The Daily Worker of New York commented:
The three Lahore prisoners Bhagat Singh लाहौर Bhagat Singh Sukhdev and Sukhdev fighters have been executed by the British Labour Government in the interest of British imperialism .
This is the most bloody act of the British Labour Government under the leadership of R . मैकडोनाल्ड .
The execution of three Indian revolutionaries in this political trial फांसी on the orders of the Labour Government shows how far the ब्रिटिश government can go to save British imperialism .
He left India in 1915 and reached Berlin on travels in Indonesia Malaysia Philippines China Philippines Japan and America .
From 1916 to 1917 he was in America .
He became a member of the Mexican Socialist Party - the first communist party outside Russia.
He also went to Spain बर्लिन Berlin and Moscow and met Lenin in 1920 .
He was an active member of the second session of the Communist International Conference and was also a member of the Marxist Bureau .
He was an intellectual a prolific writer and wrote a number of books on Marxism मार्क्सवाद revolution Renaissance विज्ञान history etc .
In 1930 he returned to India and was arrested in 1931 .
In 1932 he was sentenced to 12 years' imprisonment which was later reduced to 6 years by the appeal court .
He spent five years in British jail .
Kanpur had been selected for the trial as such and as to avoid jury trial and trial .
He was first produced before the Magistrate who committed him to the court of Sessions .
Lt. Lieutenant Colonel Cecil था . prepared थे who was president of the anti - British Intelligence Department ( anti - British Intelligence Service ) At the beginning of the case Mr Thackeray reported the case against Roy .
The charges levelled were :
" There is a revolutionary organisation called the Communist International in Europe " .
( 2 ) the trade union had to gain the direction and support of the revolutionary organisation - LRB - Communist International - RRB - so that it could be used by violent revolution to isolate India from Britain and thereby to British India .
He said " The immediate and potential dangers of the communist movement even as a single factor in India are clear .
A बंगाली बंगाली has been संवाद with the old Bengali revolutionaries of which most of them are personal friends of M. N. Roy and who are moving towards their old activities since the defeat of the बंगाली movement .
Between these two groups Roy ' s communists occupy a dangerously convenient yet tactical place . "
In May 1924 the Session Judge at Kanpur had sentenced four of the accused - Dange Usmani N. मुजफ्फर - कानपुर - B and Muzaffar Ahmad - to four years' rigorous imprisonment while charges against M . N . Roy were kept pending.
Roy could not be arrested at that time but he kept in constant touch with the accused .
He wanted the prosecution of the Kanpur trial to utilise the court - room proceedings to propagate the tenets of communism and spell out the immediate programme of the Indian communist movement .
But the accused unfortunately रास्ता by the advice of their lawyers took a narrow legal path and missed this grand opportunity the mistake was thoroughly rectified during the Meerut Conspiracy Case .
M. N. Roy was very disappointed and wrote to his friend in a letter in November 1924 .
If he had put up a better defence it would have been helpful four - year jail . "
The learned judge of the High Court discussed the evidence on which the conviction was based largely on documents .
These standards were as follows:
M. N. Roy ' s letters to his associates in India and letters from him to him .
These were the original letters which either had been intercepted and retained while arresting Roy and his colleagues were seized .
The judge said :
There were several legal objections to the appeal by learned counsel Dr .
It was argued that the Court of Sessions at Kanpur had no jurisdiction to try Roy unless he was arrested on the grounds that it was a fit and unworthy instance under Section 12 - A of the Indian Penal Code .
After considering the arguments in full the judge decided :
I joined it because I wanted freedom to my motherland and was ready to shed my blood for it .
I took part in this battle as a member of the regularly organised fighting forces of independent Provisional Government of Free India who fought according to the rules of civilised warfare for the liberation of their motherland from foreign rule .
I claim that by doing so I have not committed any offence against it but on the other hand I have served the country with all my capabilities . "
Lt. G. S. Dhillon too challenged the authority of the court to try him .
He said " Whatever I did was as a member of the regular fighting forces of the Provisional Government of Free India and as a member of this army I could not go under the Indian Army Act or any Indian Army to discharge my duty .
Moreover I am advised that in the eyes of law my trial by court martial is illegal . "
Though the court had 16 lawyers including Jawaharlal Nehru the responsibility of the Security Council was relaxed as the Jawaharlal Nehru in the course of the निकी work of प्रतिभा and विदेशी निकी ” of the fact that the Provisional Government of Free India and the British War .
In the course of the continuation of the war individual members of an organised army are entitled to युद्ध for their acts in the war but for which the entire world has now been laid down for punishment .
Considering the fact I submit that the accused before you are to be declared innocent ; for they do not have any civil or criminal responsibility for their acts .
Therefore such an army and its members are not answerable before any municipal court for the war that was fought for their country ' s liberation .
The prosecutor set up the Provisional Government of Free India ; many evidence had been given by him to organise an armed army and to place the army against the British .
So generally the so - called soldiers fought against the king were in fact fighting for the independence of their country and were not bound to have any loyalty to the king .
Bhulabhai Desai brilliantly analysed the evidence led by the prosecution regarding each case of alleged murder and torture .
These standards he claimed were totally irrelevant in the case for the grounds on which evidence was led did not exist merely .
They said that evidence relating to the charge of murder would be covered with . because they were part of the prosecution of the murders and that the death of those persons was taken by the court of law .
He went on to say that he was a well - planned government and a large number of Indians in the Far East having allegiance to this government had recognised it .
The war was declared by this government and the Indian National Army fought it .
Thus ended the trial which created a new awakening of complete independence throughout India .
Red Fort being the headquarters of the army was convenient for the British Raj it was equally convenient for every politician and lawyer in India .
The trial was conducted at a time when most of the people in India were opposed to it .
Even Sir George Cunningham governor of the North - West Frontier Province wrote specifically to the Viceroy Lord Hardinge urging the Commander - in - Chief to मुकदमे the case as Indian public opinion was against it .
The trial however did well to arouse national consciousness among Indians and on the other hand it caused great harm to the British Empire .
The Commander - in - Chief saved the situation from deteriorating after the sentence of the three officers .
Had the sentence passed by the court been passed against strong public opinion it would have created chaos all over India .
Mr M . C . देसाई the chief of India in his introduction to the I. N. A. trial has mentioned the influence and defects of Bhulabhai Desai in his introduction to the Indian National Court .
It was an occasion for a debate on far - reaching and in some respects altogether novel propositions of International Law a subject of lasting preference for lawyers and others interested in law .
It was an fascinating and inspiring story for the common man - the fascinating and inspiring story of a vigorous and inspiring act of देशभक्त his country with the help of thousands of his countrymen in India ' s history .
We wish to tell the world that this sale deed confers no privileges like those claimed by the states ruled by treaty rights .
We want to point out that no sale deed however sacred can condemn more than 40 lakhs of men and women to servitude of an autocratic ruler when it comes under it .
The people of Kashmir share their destiny to the people of Kashmir and we urge the Mission to recognise justice and strength of our destiny . "
In 1946 it became clear that the British Government was handing over the administration of the British ruling states to the Indian National Congress and nothing was doing about the princely states when Sheikh Abdullah joined the independence movement in Kashmir .
He made powerful political speeches the theme of which was that the Amritsar Treaty was not binding on the people of Kashmir because it was a treaty of slavery .
Like Mahatma Gandhi he too coined the slogan कश्मीर का कश्मीर .
In May 1946 he made several such speeches which alarmed Maharaja Hari Singh .
The people of Kashmir soon rose in support of the Sheikh in his move against misrule and exploitation of the Maharaja and his Prime Minister .
On 18th June 1946 Maharaja Hari Singh wrote to a senior British officer in Delhi :
Now each person has the right to freedom .
( 10 May 1946 ) This sale deed ruined our people .
You should say : " Kashmir छोडो "
खारिज this sale deed .
We wish to tell the British that Maharaja Hari Singh has no right to rule over the country .
A wholesaler purchased and sold us to the dealer .
It is your duty to invite everybody and declare us to have freedom from the Dogra Shahi even at the cost of our lives wealth .
There will be no better time to end the अभियुक्त : " ' that in the context of the speeches of the 14th May 1946 the accused made a speech in which the following paragraphs were attempted by many more than I did .
I told Maharaja Hari Singh with utmost respect that it would be better to improve the condition of the poor rather than spend twenty - five rupees for his facilities .
After a hundred years of misrule we see that we have never accepted nor will accept this rule .
For this right we must make supreme sacrifices .
After 100 years we will not remain slaves of the Dogra Shahi even for a day .
" Get ready : you are the harbinger of the voice that broke the shackles of slavery .
( Judge ) 1868 ) In 1868 11 काक्स C . 54 पृ pp . 55 .
Asaf Ali argued that to raise voice against oppression and demand the fundamental right to live was not Sedition .
About the nature of प्रऋति he said: " I want to make it clear that in the original text of this speech it is quite clear that a very important dispute was started by Shri श्री in his speech the results of the Treaty of संधि .
As this controversy had arisen the occasion had for such a speech ; otherwise I am sure the Speaker had never laid so much emphasis on the historical details before the Amritsar Treaty . "
This work is all the more difficult to काम when it is to translate into direct translation of a speech delivered by a speaker then it would be impossible to see the true meanings of the words and words of C . महोदय .
One is not even a graduate though the other is .
Whatever their capacity for reporting it was impossible for them to reproduce the true effect of the original.
The words and sentences used by them which are the basis of these allegations are how many words and phrases used by the accused are likely to break down तोड this is a doubtful issue . "
शेख the statement of Sheikh Abdullah Asaf Ali तर्क The accused pointed out the misery and poverty of the people more or less in the same way as in His हिज ' s statement .
The people of the state were slaves of slaves.
There is nothing wrong or unjust to say .
Indeed the गरीबी speaker meant that when a large section of the population was steeped in poverty the administration was not doing everything possible for them . "
Asaf Ali warned the court that if leaders like Sheikh were convicted under such law the consequences would be bad .
He said - I want to tell you to listen to my point with utmost responsibility and responsibility .
Whenever this happens you increase its dimensions instead of finding a solution to the misfortune because it tends to punish such popular leaders with far - reaching consequences .
After the arrest of the Congress Working Committee members in 1942 everywhere " India appeared स्थलों भारत in public places - on public buildings - in newspapers and even in barracks and schools .
In response to the speech of the Assistant Advocate General Asaf Ali said : " The enlightened Assistant Advocate General democracy and responsible government has held the unique view of the kind in which they make a mockery and laugh of the government something different .
He even went to the extent of saying that in a democratic government only some people who sought to exploit the democratic electoral system do not see any logic in the claim that the majority opinion should be more rational than minority opinion .
It is not proper for me to show to the Advocate - General the lesson of constitutional law or to prove to him that the " inherent sanction of the majority is लोकतंत्र and the fear of a revolution would be the same as that of a majority .
The Assistant Advocate General justified the purchase of Kashmir by the Amritsar Treaty and in reply to it Asaf Ali said " Let him pick up a thesis by the इंटरनेशनल General or the Modern Law ' .
He also claimed that the right of conquest did not recognise the will of the people of the conquered state and so on .
By doing so he was justifying the sale deed of Kashmir otherwise known as the Treaty of Kashmir and on the other hand also claiming the right to govern by शासन .
All this was intended to prove that the people had no right to demand the responsible government constituted on the basis of the inherent right of the people ' s sovereignty .
I have not laughed at this argument but I was very glad that it was on the basis of my argument that the speaker objected to the practice of partnership with the people of Kashmir and declared it to be a शासक of 40 lakhs .
However the शेख Sheikh 's profound statement and Asaf के s incisive speech made no impact on the court which as predetermined convicted Sheikh Abdullah.
A recent survey indicates that by 2000 the number of two - wheelers in the country would be up to Rs 5 crores .
Air pollution due to वायु smoke has now reached the highest level and if the situation continues we must traverse the nose filters in the future .
Automobiles are a still greater source of pollution in other parts of the world .
They account for about 60 per cent of air pollution with carbon monoxide levels in Mexico City exceeding those in Los Angeles on the west coast of America .
Likewise in the Sydney city of Australia ( whose atmosphere was once regarded as the most clean ) the pollution caused by automobile vehicles is greater than any city in the USA .
These wastes are paper कचरा packing materials पोलीथीन polythene bags used धातुओं plastic bottles metal containers cookery wastes फूटी गली गली and फूटी - गली .
Dust from mines.
New machinery is being installed to collect stones and cement required for this construction .
Effects on Materials Air pollutants like sulphur dioxide smoke , dust etc.
Sulphur dioxide is the most damaging of all gaseous pollutants .
In the presence of moisture it gets converted into sulphuric acid which is very corrosive particularly for building structures because it reacts easily with lime .
Thus limestone is slowly lost and gradually over the surface of the rain - washed areas .
Hydrogen sulphide is known to react with lead paint used in buildings causing formation of brown and black discolouration in buildings .
वायु effects unlike other वायु air pollution affect the climate
Day by day the earth is getting warmer and increases by the end of this century than before the industrial era .
Yes .
The pH is an index of hydrogen ion concentration of a liquid .
अम्लीयता low pH means high concentration of hydrogen ion and high acidity .
Pure water has a pH of 7 ( पी ) which is called पी H .
The pH of water is less than 7 when it is acidic and when it is above 7 it is alkaline .
Rain water usually has a pH of less than 7 ( pH 7 ) mild acid ) due to its dissolved carbon dioxide in water - water .
The pH range of acid rain - water is 2 - 5 .
This low pH means high acidity and subsequently high अम्लीयता .
Thus water with pH 4 is more corrosive 10 times than water with pH 5 .
Water with pH 3 is still more corrosive 100 times than water with a pH 5.
If this is the case then one can imagine the corrosive nature of acid rain with a pH ranging between. 2 and 3 .
For instance relations between पश्चिमी West Germany and Sweden are sour because nearly 20 per cent of Sweden ' s lakes are affected by acid rain due to the emission of acidic gases from जर्मनी industrial area in Germany .
Even Swedish school children launched a postcard campaign against West Germany in protest against such emissions.
Relations between England and its neighbour are no better either , and इंग्लैंड blame England for acid deposition in their country .
Dispute over acid rain has led to strained relations between the USA and Canada .
Nearly half of the sulphur deposits in Canada come from the USA and about 20 per cent of the sulphur deposits in North - east USA originate in Canada .
The direct relation between acid rain and human health has not been established .
However it is believed that inhalation of high levels of sulphur dioxide over long periods may lead to respiratory diseases श्वसन emphysema asthma and श्वसन
In India there is no serious threat to this scourge as we have coal reserves with less than 0. 5 per cent .
The main constituent of acid wastes is sulphuric acid .
In addition nitric acid , hydrochloric acid and फास्फोरिक acid are also there .
These acids cause damage to metals or concrete structures like lead to पम्प pumps etc .
Moreover hydrogen sulphide gas is produced when the acids come into contact with the sludge and mud of the rivers .
अम्लीय pollutants also destroy micro - organisms inhibiting the self - purification of the rivers .
Fish and other aquatic animals are adversely affected by sudden changes in the पानी .
Acid can be fatal to fish and water animals .
क्षार Presence of नदियों alters the pH value in rivers resulting in a loss of the natural buffer system .
Like acids अम्ल too destroy bacterial and other micro - organisms so as to restrict the self - purification of the water .
Fish and other aquatic life are affected by sudden rise in the पी Presence of strong के can cause respiratory problems due to सांस of fish .
If he continued the experiment and continued to flourish it was not because he had not got his form or trust but there was no end to that quest .
As he put it गीतात्मक fervour in winter is apt to grow cold and one gets such leisure to write a play .
The breath of spring blows through every line of it बहता with the ecstasy of sensuous joy .
Indeed the theme is the enchantment of spring and the power of its spell on the senses .
Spring is itself one of the characters in this play which is one of Tagore ' s best poems .
This work is a work of art and in itself a model
It is composed in blank verse and in the case of trust Tagore ' s last great experiment .
The simple and bald episode as recorded in the Mahabharata was transformed by Rabindranath into a drama tense and vibrant with lyrical rapture and full of deep psychological insight .
Princess Chitra था who had been brought up as a boy and trained in the art of battle by training in arms was absolutely simple and rugged .
The cattle drank water from the nearby stream and developed diarrhoea and within a few days suffered paralytic strokes followed by death .
It was found that the stream was polluted with lead compounds which led to lead poisoning .
मानव form has been reported to be toxic to humans and aquatic animals .
Copper sulphate and copper compounds are being used extensively in treatment of reservoir water to control the growth of algae and डायटम .
Copper is extremely poisonous and its effects need not be reported .
The metals described above are toxic to fish and other aquatic animals .
Heavy metal ions precipitate the mucous secretions of their गलफडों .
These श्वसन occupy the space between the श्वसन of श्वसन interfere with movement and respiration.
Thousands of acres of fertile land have acquired salinity and become useless for farming .
The ground - water in thousands of kilometres has been so severely affected that water from these wells has turned bitter.
It is a pity that these waters have not been made पानी to tanning ; the leather चमडा are transported in lorries from lorries to distant places .
The problem of ground - water pollution in Andhra Pradesh is so serious that water from the open wells and bore wells in the सागर area ( Hyderabad ) especially अशोक Ashok Nagar and हिमायत Nagar emanate a pungent odour.
The amounts of dissolved solids in the water of these wells are too high for drinking water .
The reason for such a decline in water quality in the region is the waste generated from industries .
त्वचा and skin diseases are prevalent among the villagers of the area .
It has become a common occurrence due to over - pumping underground water in the coastal regions of the country .
Excess withdrawal of underground water through heavy duty pumps has resulted in the flooding of sea - water through the cavities.
For instance in our country अपशिष्टों are engaged in setting up bio - gas plants which use their effluents .
This results in a substantial reduction in fuel costs besides reducing the dirt of the waste .
Conversion of पंक into Useful कीचड The sludge obtained on treatment of effluents is also a problem .
The sludge from pulp and paper industry may be used for the manufacture of boards used in packing or in preparation of artificial wooden panels.
The sludge from the विद्युत industry may be used in the formulation of water - proofing compounds .
Reclamation and utilization of waste water is presently being replaced by chemicals and metals .
This can be utilised either for irrigation or as fertilisers after proper treatment without affecting land and / or ground water .
The garbage produced by nuclear power plants does not emit any offensive odour nor do they emit any harmful gases .
The reason for this problem is that nuclear waste becomes harmless by millions of years .
The plutonium ( 200 kg per reactor ) produced during power generation is sufficient to cause cancer in all human beings .
Abnormal births . mutations त्वचा infertility में acute irritation of skin and lowering ability to fight body diseases are other serious influences .
Constant exposure to radiation causes genetic defects affecting generations .
Radio जैवरासायनिक are widely used in medical जैवरासायनिक industry and biology to determine the process of chemical and biochemical reactions .
Substances administered to patients and used in radiation therapy are proving to be an important source of loss caused by nuclear radiation .
It can cause mental anguish .
Our community functions and ceremonies like marriages festivals etc. are extremely noisy .
Dr . उद्योग describes life in the following words: घर ' s sound of the ट्रांजिस्टर and उद्योग ' s noise enters the industrial उद्योग noise industry , from the घर of loudspeakers in the evening .
If he goes to the cinema for relaxation the noise levels are too high .
Effects of Noise Pollution A survey to detect sound levels in various cities and towns of India
During the day the noise loud in Delhi Mumbai Visakhapatnam Calcutta and Chennai was found to be between 60 - 90 .
Sudden rapid noise causes severe damage to the eardrum .
A more serious effect of noise pollution is the chronic damage to the hair cells in the inner ear .
Prolonged exposure to noise of certain frequency leads to temporary or permanent hearing loss .
Sound zones should be created to prevent the spread of sound through air or solid matter .
Trees should be planted in and around factory to reduce noise .
राजमार्गों should be erected on both sides of the highways which act as a buffer .
Noise at community level can be curbed by imposing जोर over loudspeakers and by reducing their voice .
Hospitals and schools need this in particular .
While the voice can be very dear such as music पडोसियों or laughter ' it may be within the range of hearing itself and may not force the neighbours .
It has been proved that constant loud noise can impair hearing ability and cause problems related to neurological disorders .
In October 1912 Rabindranath sailed for the United States accompanied by his son रवीन्द्रनाथ and daughter - in - law .
His son had just a few days earlier a graduate from अंग्रेजी University and had appealed to his father to शांति in silence for a few months to read the first serious essay in English as रवीन्द्रनाथ .
In these lectures he interpreted in his own way : " This is the secular consciousness of India and as revealed by the example of her voice and sages .
Writing about this : The Times Literary Supplement wrote : " In spite of these poems no one can feel that they are not the product of a unfamiliar mood but of feeling that they are coming to England .
Perhaps some readers will not be able to accept this Indian poet for his philosophy is not theirs.
If it seems to us fantastic and alien before we despise it we should ask ourselves the question: What is our philosophy ?
A recent survey indicates that most of the forests of the Himalayas the पश्चिमी Western Ghats and the Shivalik hills have been cut off .
The satellite picture shows that at a rate of 13 million sq m a year is being destroyed by forests .
According to one report the area in Punjab has declined from 1,200 sq km to 490 in the Punjab during the 10 years from 1972 to 1982 .
In Haryana also the fertility rate is not low .
Most of the Himalayan forests have been cut and womenfolk have to walk several kilometres to collect fuel.
People believe that forests are like open treasures for them to be used as they like .
They cut trees to collect firewood to graze cattle and to obtain whatever they want from the jungles . Our firewood requirement per annum is 33 million cubic metres .
The second is the greed of our forest contractors which makes the problem more serious .
In 1972 at the International Human Environment Conference the late Prime Minister Mrs. Indira Gandhi had said to me to provide a place to live and clothe and bring about cleaning and सिर roads and make them live in the mountains .
While pollution cannot be curbed completely the levels of pollution can be reduced by adopting simple and cheap pollution .
For example deforestation should be followed by काटने .
Add a tree instead of each tree .
Visakhapatnam steel plant in Andhra Pradesh has planted over two million trees in its campus .
They have also coined a टन " a tree for each tonne of liquid steel produced .
The Hindustan Aeronautics Limited the lead producer of zinc and lead says , " We do not only enjoy the environment but we guard it .
The Indian Oil Corporation Limited has developed green belts around their refinery units and during 2012 - 13 it has planted over a lakh trees .
प्रदूषण of waste is a vital role in reducing pollution .
We are very restless in thought and we have nothing to which our poets can say .
Indeed critics were not wanting who refused to fall under the spell of this Indian poet .
Tagore ' s country was also a people ' s reaction in India .
Basant Kumar Roy who was then in the United States of America and where he published a biography of Tagore कुमार : It is said that many young Bengali writers who lived in the United States were angry with the British missionary statement of India .
One of them shouted in typical American fashion ? है .
Others cited many Bengali poets among them Nabin Chandra Sen and D . Roy .
He added : His love poems are poor imitations of the poems of our Vaishnava poets of old and his philosophy is a philosophy of the Upanishads .
At any rate Tagore ' s name was now sufficiently छा into the English papers and his famous Atlantic Ocean had passed .
Perhaps the first journal in the West to publish his poems .
Soon thereafter she was invited by the University of Chicago to address her .
It was only when he was staying in रवीन्द्रनाथ A. K. Ray met Tagore and requested him to make the most translations of his works because he knew that they would be able to get the Nobel Prize .
Tagore had then asked with ease and with which Tagore asked " Was it worth the award ? "
The American paper wrote: The Nobel Prize for Literature to a Hindu has occasioned much chagrin and no little surprise among writers of हिंदू .
He did not know how this distinction was finally made available to a man who is not a white - brown ? "
The Globe of Toronto Canada wrote: " It is the first time that the Nobel Prize has gone to the man we cannot say .
The Los Angeles Times शिकायत complained that the prize money is ignored by young Indians in Europe and America whose names are more pronounced than some people who speak for them .
In January 1913 Rabindranath came to Chicago where he lectured on the सभ्यता of the Ancient Civilisation of India .
After visiting New York Tagore returned to London in April 1913 where he delivered a course of lectures at the लंदन Hall .
When he had arrived in London less than a year earlier he was an unknown stranger.
But now his name was सनसनी and कौतूहल .
None of these books could be considered particularly pious or religious or philosophical and might have been expected to give the foreign reader a better perspective .
In fact Tagore was the first to receive in many ways the western intellectuals who had influenced and swiftly sensed the realization that the एशिया of Asia was awakened and it was now to count as an interesting thing .
Here too the रथ is अनुरूप we are looking for a man with से which we are waiting for a thousand years to pick up his path to the Supreme Lord ' s chariot and to verify what the words we must remember .
He had the courage to say so to the Dean of an open - minded mind who reminded his ईसाई that Tagore was not a Christian ; but his work shows at a time when the एशियाई Asian theory ( एशियाई ) .
And yet लोग as has always been there were generally clever people who believe there is nothing left to them .
Some of them found that there was a particularly sensitive British mind behind the award which began to वैभव the glory of the imperial empire and some others thought that it was the deliberate attempt to overthrow the literary circles of ब्रिटिश .
And this was not the end .
The first formal proposal was made by the English poet अंग्रेजी मूर in a letter brief and bald enough to be worth quoted here .
Shelley in spite of his vague idealism roused our minds because of his fanatic उन्माद which is born of a faith in life .
If this happens we will lose the artistic element of your literature but what is broadly human and is quite suitable for remote future and remote countries .
We look at your literature as the thundering life flood of the west even though it carries with it all the debris of the passing moments.
Though Choudhury whose pen - name was Birbal after the दरबार of Akbar ' s court was a brilliant writer himself the overall responsibility for the prestige and popularity of the paper fell on Tagore ' s shoulders .
As a matter of fact he encouraged this demand not only through his prodigious output but also through his writings stories essays and novels .
Though the stories written during this period had not the same freshness and charm as they had written in the last two decades of the last century the changes of nature and compassion of the people living on its banks grew सहानुभूति .
The next day in the morning she threw away the male - dressed and feminine स्त्रियोचित along with Arjuna in the forest to delight him .
But Arjuna rejected his appeal as saying that he had taken an oath of celibacy and could not touch the hearts of a नार्रीदेह .
होकर and wounded in the core of his being Chitra broke her bow into two and invoked by her penance .
The god of work Madan with his companion मदन and और बसंत appeared before him : The Princess begged him for a day ; उद्दीप्त me to become an exclusive and noble woman and at the same time love in my heart .
Give me only a day of perfect beauty so that I can answer for the coming days . "
And when she saw him bath in a forest pool and नहाते in the water Arjuna sat down and पांव his feet .
वह about celibacy - penance he मुनहार her .
For a few months the lovers lived in ecstasy the gift of love .
His idealism had a solid basis of realism and had a sense of humour.
To maintain the memory of this experiment one is celebrated in Santiniketan on March 10 the Gandhi Day ( Mahatma Gandhi ) on this day all the salaried employees are given a holiday and all the teachers and students cook their food in their own .
A typical example of recurrent symbolism in Indian tradition .
Gandhi ' s reformist zeal did not spare the poet' s personal diet .
One day as he saw a fried in a रात at रात . at dinner Gandhi had remarked that these घी of fried in ghee which you are eating happily are poison to you .
He smiled and said softly " It is indeed a sweet poison for I have been eating it for about half a century .
Gandhi and Tagore - these two saints who strove to make politics holy and the poet who made holiness seem beautiful.
Gandhi 's practice was always in advance of his जमीन Tagore had wings to his thoughts and feet to his practice .
However firm and unfaltering the feet they could not keep pace with the wings.
Gandhi - साधक the stern ascetic was more humane than a humanist who brought a doctrine to break the complexion to assure the millions of human suffering .
Jagmohan ' s God - denying humanism is contrasted in the first chapter with his brother' s God - believing और and भाई .
Sachish revolted by his father ' s rebellious orthodoxy is dominated by his uncle ' s philosophy .
She is a young अनाथ an orphan who had been corrupt by her own brother and had come to the streets .
He brings the girl to his uncle ' s house - LRB - now pregnant - RRB - his uncle gives her shelter as his daughter .
To safeguard her future Sachish offers to marry .
But the girl though she is grateful to her benefactors is really in love with her भाई and prefers to commit suicide to the shame of marrying anyone else .
This incident comes as a shock to Sachish ' s cultivated belief in human बुद्धिवाद .
Soon after the city of Calcutta is in the plague hit and as there are not enough hospitals in the city the humanitarian uncle turns his house into a hospital for the poor himself nursing .
He catches the dread disease and dies.
He deserved it . "
She is thus happy to escape as long as the unwilling and rebellious disciple of the teacher अनिच्छुक of his youth and widow सचीश on her behalf .
This young maiden - like Binodini of the earlier युवती चरित्रों is one of Tagore ' s few characters so living and real that if the readers once heard the पाठक they rarely forget it .
दामिनी loves Sachish but cares little for the Guru for whose piety does not deceive him .
Sachish trust that human love is a snare ; he does not neglect her but is conscious of her .
Once the party has camped for the night in a cave Sachish cannot escape from the vague dread of a primeval beast hidden in this cave and its खूनी over it .
He seems to have touched his feet .
Unable to escape from her thoughts Sachish finally begs her to release him .
The atmosphere of the novel is tense only with the beginning .
It was a stormy period of national upsurge of an upheaval of violent passions and a clash of ideal and self - interest .
The sombre narrative with brilliant sparks of thought as the तर्क of opposing arguments strike against one another .
It is a clash of the old with the new the टकराव of the old with power versus idealism the स्वतंत्रता of means with right of absolute love and love freedom of liberty with the wild wind and of domestic values .
When a reader begins to read it he understands how far there is in Rabindranath and Gandhi ' s spirit and this is a better example than anywhere else in his own .
The theme of the novel is as simple as any of Tagore ' s plots : usual and natural स्त्री an old triangle two men and a woman .
This character though as it emerges in the novel is more shadowy than real .
His friend and protege रवीन्द्रनाथ the patriotic firebrand splendid wind - bag and shameless है are all the more important except that he speaks a language he could only put in his mouth .
He knows what is happening between his wife and his friend and he can end the game here and no longer depends on the light of the open competition and the free will of the outside world .
What happens between the three and the reader can read it by himself for the English version of the novel is known as The Home and the World .
The novel is significant in many ways as in one of the novels .
Tagore was tossing between his love of his country and the hire of the world .
He was restless once .
एंड्रयूज the open route was still राह while most of the roads were closed he wrote to Andrews in 1915 .
I am in a nomadic mood but it is becoming painful to me for freedom .
They cannot be regarded as literature of a high order but some of them are effective and interesting .
Some of them are quoted below as specimens - the best best way .
The best chooses me . "
" Every child comes with the message of God that God is not yet discouraged of man . "
इस who is busy doing good does n ' t take time to find it good .
One was prophetic of Japan ' s धूल - LRB - the dust - RRB - is scattered in the dust to prove that God' s dust is greater than your idol.
Though the Japanese had given a warm welcome to Tagore the great poet of the Buddha ' s land - his enthusiasm was gone out as soon as he नकार the values of western civilisation and began to deliver the blind discourse of collective arrogance .
The Great यूरोप of Europe seems to have been far more beneficial so long as his mouth is तरफ towards humanity ; but using all the powers of his greatness when he चेहरा against the eternal sense of man .
They admired the Japanese for being modern and at the same time warned that " True modernism is freedom of mind not slavery of taste .
विदेशी of foreign cloth by the excited mob and विदेशी it made them happy ; the students were happy to be made toys by politicians besides school and college .
At a Calcutta public lecture in बौद्धिक रवीन्द्रनाथ रवीन्द्रनाथ Tagore criticised his leadership without directly referring to the Mahatma Tagore called for an intellectual and moral exchange between India and the West .
He felt so isolated among his own people in Bengal that his speech provoked rejoinder from the popular Bengali novelist Sarat Chandra Chatterji in an article entitled बंगाली के .
When Mahatma Gandhi arrived in Bengal on the 6th September 1921 a long conversation was made between the closed doors of the poet ' s home which included रवीन्द्रनाथ in it the official report of the journal was not known or whether it was understood .
When Gandhiji and Tagore were in conversation a large crowd rushed out of the house to offer a lesson to the poet who wanted to teach him a lesson and set up a number of women from nearby shops .
The gist of the conversation of the memorable day Tagore himself had sent to रवीन्द्रनाथ एलम्हर्स्ट .
They have stolen cloth from the shops in the सडक Road they 've lit that bonfire in my courtyard and are now howling round it like a आग .
Non - cooperation clashed with his way of thinking : for his mentality his rich intelligence had been nourished on all cultures of the world .
Tagore was not afraid of the spirit of boycott within Gandhi - knew that Gandhi was above this but he also knew that his followers would not भडकाने their prejudice and passion to put the fever of nationalism .
What sacrifice is this going on from the students ?
. too not for complete education .
About a decade earlier when he himself was the leader of the Swadeshi movement in Bengal a group of young students had told him that they were prepared to give up their studies .
When he declined to do so the party suspected his patriotism and went away in anger .
If one can criticise it is high .
I can imagine that it is like a terrible nightmare to bear the weight of the monster of mathematics for the soul .
He constantly शिकार his prey but does not give them any direction . "
Two years later during his visit to South America when he began to write his diary he mentioned how he was दम in America and what effect he had on his mind in which these poems were composed .
The vision of wealth and wealth creation of wealth and power and this blind and dissatisfied faith of man will ever increase forever and the supreme Deity of self - creation harmony and self - discipline the supreme deity of man in his will of God .
" I sleep and awake sleep again and get up .
I think too often because when you turn my mother into a गोद you lose me ; but perhaps you do n ' t lose the stars in the night the sun and the day . "
Were you not my mother but anybody else ' s mother you think I know you ?
Will I not be in your arms ?
What fun I would have two homes one for a day and one for a night .
Then as the evening drew nearer I came back and pressed your eyes into the palm of the palm ' Who is I ' and you ' ' and say ' somebody who I know and yet I do not know ?
From where I come I want to go there .
But where it is I maintain it .
Then I think it is everywhere.
सोम Tuesday Wednesday they all come soon they must have airplanes at home .
Why does Sunday come so late ?
It seems to lag behind all .
Does he live farthest of all as far away as the sky is and is he the child of a poor mother ?
In his letter to Indira Gandhi he added : " These poems I wrote to relieve the mind of my growing mind .
I have given a place in these poems the expressions which have long दिमाग in my mind such as the meaning of my life is the play of the offspring .
We forget that thereby we malign the Creator of the universe Who functions without toil Who is supreme bliss and मु by all obligations .
But the respite was brief and intermittent Santiniketan कर for his meditation .
आश्रम returned to the asrama on 26 September after an absence of five years .
With him came Leonard अंग्रेज the young Englishman whom Tagore had met in New York .
He accepted Tagore ' s invitation to help the rural development centre in his college career and he had been able to raise a substantial amounts from the उदारता of the तिब्बती Strait and the first of Indian subjects at Visva - Bharati a University in Tibet .
It is my earnest desire to find my reed again and be ignored by the busy and the wise as a hopeless ne है - do - do - not confuse me .
Would Tagore have been a greater poet if the Nobel Prize and the consequent blaze of fame and publicity had not invaded the obscurity in which his genius had so far बाधा ?
Would his spiritual insight have gone deep into the depths of his soul if he had indulged in a missionary zeal in the sea so that the man could understand men and instead he tried to churn the ocean in himself ?
Who can say what happens if this was and that was not ?
They are all फ्रांसीसी : one by one you can put Paris in a bottle . This is a famous French proverb .
What is significant is that in spite of so many प्रलोभन विकर्षण detachment and sometimes विकर्षण he never भटके more than his duty a poet and singer a man of nature a devotee of the divine being .
Indeed it may be said that the western interludes and periodic spells of missionary fervour were distractions that served as healthy आत्मा enriching his spirit and enlarging his mental horizons .
Whether it was due to it or not the fact that Tagore had never lagged behind in his creative , for the last days of his life in the world which he had till he had awakened in the new field .
Even during his comparatively sterile periods he wrote enough and of such quality as to make other writers famous .
It is true that at times the inspiration seemed to wane the vitality to flag and he drew less from life than from habit .
In August and September a new musical sequence वर्षा वर्षा ( Rains Festival ) and a new version of the Autumn Festival ) were presented on the Calcutta platform .
These compositions which are an enchanting amalgam of poetry drama ऋतुओं music and dance were written for the seasons included in the year providing them the joy of life and the open air .
They were not built in any परंपराएं mould ; in them folk and classical traditions are readily integrated into each other as with a philosophy and a धार्मिक religious mysticism and a running commentary on contemporary events .
Mahatma Gandhi was in jail and Tagore in his address to the students and inmates of the asrama dwelt at length on the true meaning of sacrifice which Gandhiji गांधी .
His simple and homely message was instinct with deep respect for the person of the Mahatma .
Returning to Santiniketan in April he had gone to spend the summer in Shillong the lovely hill station of Assam .
He needed only peace to be creative and so in Shillong he wrote a remarkable play which he named as ' blood ' which was later translated and published as ' Red रक्त ' in English .
This play like the पूर्वलिखित नाटक shows Tagore ' s increasing concern with modern culture his passionate concern for primary problems .
The ageing poet was still की in his romantic youth resort .
His contemporaries charmed by the novel begged him to make a collection of his old love poems and add something new to it .
This suggestion was enough to stimulate a mind that needed no more than a उकसाव .
As he himself put it lightly on himself it is like a automobile engine which works by itself once .
So instead of forming a collection he wrote several new works : most of them were the love poems of which were called महुआ महुआ a flower called खिलने in the spring season by which local liquor is made .
The title was appropriate for these poems : a very tender and exquisite prose style which was seldom stirred by an experience but by an artificial stimulus as intoxication.
It was not quite artificial for the poet was always in love with love an impersonal love .
In the monsoon year 1928 Tagore introduced two seasonal festivals : tree plantation at Santiniketan and वृक्षारोपण - शांतिनिकेतन .
These picturesque festivals with their simple and artistic और accompanied by music अक्षत dancing and Vedic chanting invoking nature ' s fertility and symbolising its ever - ever youth attract the crowds of visitors from the neighbourhood of Calcutta .
On 1 March 1929 Tagore sailed for Canada at the invitation of the National Education Committee .
On arriving at Los Angeles his passport was lost and he dealt with questions of Immigration Officers some of whom were offensive .
He therefore cancelled his engagements in the States and sailed for Japan .
This was not the first occasion when an event intervened to mar his appreciation of the United States .
He had been rubbed the wrong way during his last trip .
It was unfortunate that his high expectations received repeated ठोकरें in a country known for the exuberance of its hospitality and friendship .
He spent nearly a month in Japan .
He loved this country and its brave and disciplined people and was so upset by his mental make - up with a deliberately engineered hysteria of imperial preference .
In his own bold courage he warned him once in a public meeting : " The past of ideals which no one now lives or जीता truth " but not merely जीता one nation against another .
At the sight of the Indian poet the spectators said " They look like our पैगंबर . "
What had the effect on his mind of शिशु शिशु This could be guessed from the theme of his poem Child ( Child ) which he wrote soon after his arrival in Germany perhaps the only English poem .
Fortunately he kept an account of all the letters he wrote in the country which were later published as ' रशिया ' letters from Russia .
These letters help to the best worth the ageing poet who though he was now an old man he was very young in his enthusiasm .
भी recently also held a reception ceremony where he lectured on Education ; his विद्यालय - शिक्षा Dennis नृत्य Danish presented a dancing programme to collect funds for his school although his country was in the grip of the entire populace .
रवीन्द्रनाथ रवीन्द्रनाथ wrote to Tagore in his book : " You are alone so great a reason why India should be liberated . "
In January 1931 Tagore returned to India via London where he had a long talk with Bernard Shaw at a हाइड given by हाइड in हाइड park hotel .
It was a long and tiring tour but rich and fruitful in experience .
Tagore had seen the western world in its different phases which had left behind a long series of memories which though faded away completely .
He did not know that this was his last visit to the West but his sun in the western sky had set up .
रवीन्द्रनाथ by violence Tagore had welcomed the stormy upheaval in Russia but the socialists in their own country were not enthusiastic about the mass non - violent movement led by Mahatma Gandhi .
Soon after his return to India in November 1890 his poems were poems in में .
The subject - matter of these poems is a free flight of fancy : the play of ideas the rhythmic beauty and की of his ideas - such as a man ' s back to a mighty horse ' s back with all his कविताओं control .
These poems are broadly classified into five sections and all of which have always been the main subjects of the latter though they have been slow and improved with a feeling of emotion and a set of poems based on religious themes and cultural problems .
The human and divine love the natural love of man and the human self - awareness and thought become similarly dissolved in his awareness as in his personal life and they are difficult to separate from each other .
हुए the long - दिनों of those legendary days : When the Yamuna rises in the crowded bower of Vrindavana in the yearning of Radha - Krishna Beloved Lord Krishna . even at night he has lost his heart to find love .
He was still haunted by his experience of the थे though the enchantment of life was beginning to regain its hold .
The following are the lines of the poet ' s English rendering .
From Kalimpong he went to Mungpoo a nearby hillside in Darjeeling district to be the guest for a few days of a young poetess an ardent admirer and devotee of the government के plantation ( from which quinine is extracted.
There he wrote besides some poems a treatise on Bengali language later published as Bangla Bhasha .
The study of Bengali language . its composition and manner of के its folk literature world and literary usages were an old hobby of his and his explorations in this field bear ample evidence of his critical insight .
Something of the dashing दादा of his romantic grandfather as well as the severe and practical idealism of his father had survived in him although assuming vastly different colours.
This and such other poems which were published at the end of the year reveal the moods and senses of the poet and depicting all kinds of things the poem was named after the परिस्थिति ( शय्या ) .
This was later published in 1941 as 1941 ( आरोग्य ) .
As the poet belonged to the sun ( सूर्य ) the number and most of the earlier poems were dictated either during the first कविताएं or day of dawn .
In the evening he could not find himself fit for any labour .
The first poem in this composition seems to have been his firm conviction .
They too will go and leave a mark .
They can pay homage to the poet saying that he was a poet of the सर्वहारा classes .
He has love and reverence for life and dedicated to the small joys and sorrows of his people the poem is the music of his life .
He had always loved ordinary people and was hostile to them all the time when it was n ' t customary .
Nearly half a century ago when he was living in his village looking after the family estates his letters bear testimony to his deep involvement with the peasants and workers .
His thinking was human a symbol of a healthy moral sensibility and was not derived from any ideology.
There is no revolutionary or special significance in his saying that when the empire comes to decline the common man will rise to earth .
That is why the poem has become so memorable .
Some of these poems were written on his last birthday at Mungpoo to which a reference was made earlier.
The most beautiful poem was dictated at Santiniketan on 21 January 1941 .
His mind dwells only around a small corner of this तुच्छ expansion ; knowledge of life and world is beyond his consciousness .
By accepting the limits Tagore gives a call to the poets of the future who will be connected with this earth and companion of the धरा who are poets of the उद्यमियों and उद्यमियों who will throw a tone on their roots and soil .
He will not try to make his name by mock sympathy for the poor .
Whatever be the way it is his acceptance of his limitations that makes his poet - action seem to have reached the higher pinnacle of his thought and he had to be a क्षमाप्रार्थी .
Those who sing passionately of the dispossessed seem to have little sympathy for anybody .
This is testified by a Pallava inscription of the seventh पल्लवकालीन AD in a cave - temple at Mahabalipuram.
Similarly Buddhist tantric rituals समाहित into the Hindu way .
In this background temples and systems of worship developed unique .
The main characteristics of the southern temples are the विमानों small vimanas the विमानों and peripheral mandapas including those flat the छत and the high gopura entrances can be taken while the higher ones are round in the upper reaches of the prasada .
The whole structure is enclosed by a brick wall with entrance on the front side ( east or west ) into the gopura pattern with simpler additional entrances on the north and south .
The maha - mandapa or maha - mandapa was sometimes raised in its sides by a hall with a pillared hall round with three sides .
Most of these temples were of the same kind but sometimes there were more than one temple complexes .
The single shrines are oblong होती square or apsidal .
The mandapas had flat roofs but the shrine superstructures particularly of the apsidal ones were भाग - हाथी i. e. forms resembling the hind - quarters of an elephant.
Its longer axis north - south was preceded by a closed maha - mandapa with six rows of five pillars .
Beyond Bombay and Poona these rock - cut chaityas and viharas further in the north and north - west were constructed ; for the same reason the चट्टानें rock was thin and easily washed .
This type of rock is found in Kerala beyond the Konkan coast in the south ; it falls on the west of the ghats and at the same time as the तथा and the में as in the cave - tombs .
The porch framing the entrance shows similar imitation of कारीगरी in stone including the torana arch above the कारीगरी .
The cave - temple at का is a similar type with वृ
The की cave in की is also a specimen of the circular chaitya .
The main स्तूप is built over twelve simple octagonal pillars and in other places a roof is built over a circular wall the central one being a stupa surrounded by two of them one by a circumambulatory passage .
Other chaitya schemes consist of नाभि ( नाभि ) or नाभि ( स्तूप ) ; they have a large oblong hall like the navel which ends in a central shrine resulting in a narrow passage through the sides mostly from the center .
The entrance is too large with an arched window on top .
In front of the facade of the hall is a closed verandah with frontal pillars .
The result was that these two parallel traditions continued to be in the south until the early conquests of the Vijayanagar empire in the latter half of the fourteenth century until they covered the two regions and practically practically practically practically all over South India .
The northern पत्थर almost ceased to exist and the use of hard stone in temple construction was almost exhausted and the hard stone in temple construction was now practically universal and the usual regional characters developed in the two regions continued in general .
The three centuries covering the rock - cut phase in the Brahmanical and Jain temple architecture coincided also with the great revivalist movements of the Hindus and the continuing influence of the Jain sects on some sections of the people .
With the commencement of the 7th century the आंदोलनों movements of the भक्ति and the Hindus led to the growth of a great deal of change and devotion .
In Tamil Nadu Saiva and Vaishnava वैष्णव saints में and the वैष्णव became wedded to the Vedic traditions and traversed the whole area visiting shrines singing hundreds of devotional hymns in Tamil and rousing the people .
This resulted in the reformation of the extremist Saiva creeds of the लोगों . . . . and such बौद्ध as the बौद्ध शैव and the बौद्ध having a strong impact on Jainism and Buddhism practically led to the decline of Buddhism .
The Kannada area continued to be the centre of south Indian Jainism from where the different गुच्छे branched out into the Tamil and Telugu regions .
In the में Krishna scene is shown to be blessed with the मवेशियों mountain which under the influence of Indra ' s anger वर्षा वर्षा and पत्थरों वर्षा with their children beasts and other things .
The depiction is quite powerful and और .
There is a special south Indian influence that Krishna ' s favourite गोपी गोपी is almost in the appearance of Krishna and is distinguished from the other women in the group by his dress stance and attendant lady.
The Krishna - कृष्ण theme is special to the earlier and contemporary Tamil literature and tradition .
They continued the activity for three centuries till they like the Pallavas were overthrown by the rising Cholas of तंजावुर .
They occur at जिलों . . . . . and other places हैं all in the जिलों and Tiruchirapalli districts .
Also the cave - temples are of the type . with shrine - cells and are much akin to the Pandya cave - temple in the same region .
The जिले or कोयम्बतूर chiefs ruling in the कोयम्बतूर area of कोयम्बतूर Salem and Coimbatore districts bordering on the Tiruchirapalli district have excavated two fine cave - temples in गुफा .
They are dedicated to Vishnu and are noted for their fine sculptured panels.
These cave - temples numbering about sixty in all are like the Pallava examples excavated into the local rocks and are essentially similar to the Mahendra - style excavations in plan and design .
The bays have square पोतिकाएं while pillars essentially square in section on the base and top with basal and apical while the middle - section are octagonal carrying heavy पोतिकाएं usually with a straight bevel resulting in an angular spectacle .
However there are examples of other types of pillars and corbels with a curved profile and उत्कीर्णन carved .
All the cave - temples lack a well - defined kapota in the कपोतों over the mandapa facade ; as in the Mahendra - style cave - temples .
Some of the excavations are merely shrine - cells cut directly into a rock without a rock - cut mandapa in front .
Such cave - temples are numerous in this region and very rare in गुफा .
The inscription mentions the cave - temple significantly as तिरू - k - पाषाण कोविल or the sacred stone temple - LRB - पाषाण - RRB - echoing the pioneering idea in this area as found in the Pallava पाषाण ' s inscription at Mandagappattu .
The cave - temple cut in one of the earlier inscriptions in जिला in जिला ( Tiruchirapalli district ) is also one of the earliest Pandya cave - temples of the same district as में in another script called शिव .
The Vishnu ( Narasimha ) at जिला Madurai district ) has a foundation stone in the cave - temple - LRB - AD Kali - RRB - and referring to its excavation by a minister of Pandya Maran है alias के .
At present near कि कि temple at सुब्रह्मण्य is excavated into the larger cave - temple known as Subrahmanya and later by another Pandya minister and his wife called the Kali incarnation .
On either side of the larger mandapa - type cave - temple and above the level of the larger cave - temple there are two other excavations which should be quite some time later .
One of them contains a bas - relief of Gajalakshmi and the other a group comprising devi as सेवकों and her सेवकों .
The well - known rock - cut cave - temple at जिला in the Pudukkottai area ( Tiruchirapalli district ) containing the celebrated early mural paintings in में is an example of a Jain cave - temple of the eighth - ninth centuries .
According to a long - poem inscription के it was excavated by a certain था शिलालेख alias Madurai शासनकाल and built its front mandapas all during the reign of अवनीयशेखर - i - Pandya .
The cave - temple at गुफा in another Muttaraiyar excavation dates a few years before the seventh year of Pallava नृप in the late ninth century .
The same thing may be said for the गुफा cave - temple chamber है which is a stray मु
The Vishnu cave - temple at शयन consisting of a cave - temple at Undavalli . is a natural cave - tunnel designated by a queen of the रानी Muttaraiyar changed in a cave - temple consisting of pillars and other characteristics which it will be a few days after the adjoining Siva cave - temple of the cave - temple of the cave - shrine of the रानी .
The cave - temple in the same region as the मलैक्कोलुंडीश्वरम cave - temple and some others like the मलैक्कोलुंडीश्वरम cave - temple at मलैक्कोलुंडीश्वरम also owe a visit to मुत्तरैयारों .
The cave - temples at गुफा . . . . . and other places in the northern Kerala area belong mostly to the times of the rulers of the Cera country while the southern parts from कन्याकुमारी and त्रिवेंद्रम districts of Kerala and क्षेत्रों as the क्षेत्रों .
With the absence of specific authenticity and this fact has resulted in the fact that the cave - temples of the seventh century to the middle of the ninth century A. D. while Kerala was under more royal families than one चेर called them to Kerala .
The connected political history of the period after the earlier Sangam epoch starts from the middle of the ninth century .
The two Vishnu cave - temples at विष्णु one dedicated to Ranganathan or Anantasayin and the other to Narasimha are according to their inscriptions excavations by नरेश king नरेश of the रंगनाथ branch of the नरसिंह .
They belong to the first half of the eighth century and contain some fine sculptures .
The most characteristic feature of the style is the door - frame of the cella with elaborate over - door components .
The सखा or components of the over - door range from three to several ; a crown ornament in में . and a frontal image .
The basal part of the inner सखा and the बाजू carry panels of river goddesses Ganga and Yamuna.
In the Chalukyan cave - temples of the southern zone the Kannada area फलकों along with the river goddesses are depicted .
These dvarapalas are in addition to the relatively larger dvarapalas in the niches flanking the outermost entrance of the front mandapas or front mandapas .
In जोगेश्वरी they flank the sanctum entrance as also the outer mandapa entrance .
This would indicate an early stage while the other Rashtrakuta caves show a tendency to revert to the scheme of less - than - द्वारपाल on either side of the sanctum entrance .
Besides the above - mentioned गुफा others like Cave 17 . 21 संधार and 26 are of the sandhara type while their shrine chambers are turned back into the pillared mandapa and also provide for a circumambulatory passage.
The गुफा or Cave 29 is of greatest interest since it is the largest and most imposing of the caves at Ellora .
Its sandhara and chaumukh or चौमुख shrine is not only isolated but also contained within a group of mandapas arranged in a स्वास्तिक plan which is similar to that of the Elephanta and the जोगेश्वरी caves .
The four doorways of the shrine are flanked by large dvarapalas and other accompanying sculptures .
The long oblong mukha - mandapa also oblong on the front of the shrine and enclosing it is a wide nave and aisles formed by a series of five pillars on each side of which the front encloses the main entrance .
On the other side of the maha - mandapa are two side entrances with two portals or pillared हैं .
The pillars are huge in size with शीर्षों or cushion capitals and the statutory inside is also ponderous and of large proportions.
The cave - temple may be dated to the middle of the seventh century in the Chalukyan period .
Cave 27 or the की ' s cave ( की ) is an interesting example with three temples on the rear and side walls of the mandapa .
The upper floor has the navaranga hall with twelve outer pillars as in the Indra Sabha though with a shrine at the rear .
From one corner of the mandapa and disposed at an angle is an additional unit similar to the proportions and character of the groundfloor but complete and richly carved.
At Elephanta a small island near Bombay the cave - temple is distinguished by the exceptional quality of its sculptures of which the गुफा is the most famous .
The central east - west corresponding to the शैल of the rock is a great pavilion in its scheme with a twenty - pillared central pillars running up to eight on the other side and later on there two pillars on the other side .
Next there are steps on the shorter arm which may be pushed down in either direction into the open walls of the excavated cave - temple with the remaining group .
These two are designed as the northern lateral extensions of the maha - mandapa with an entrance on the open side while the corresponding lateral extension of the same plan on the south dug into the parent rock contains the niches of Mahesamurti and other sculptures .
Towards the rear end of the maha - mandapa is a sandhara के shrine square and with doors framed by elaborate over - doors on all sides .
Inside there is a large rock - cut linga pedestal with its spout on the north and with an inserted लिंग .
The Hindu cave at आजू ( जिला district ) in Maharashtra has a sandhara - like sanctum with two transverse corridors in front and two smaller subsidiary shrines on top of the आजू .
It is apparently a later plan on the model of Caves 17 and 21 of Ellora and datable to the first quarter of the eighth century .
It is perhaps a provincial contemporary of एलोरा of Ellora.
There is an unfinished excavation by the side of the Siva cave .
In the cave at औरंगाबाद near Aurangabad there are five shrine cells in a line behind the pillared rectangular mandapa at the rear of a low में trap rock on the left bank of the औरंगाबाद river floor .
Each cell has a door - opening.
The mandapa has two bays at the front and rear with mukha - and ardha - mandapas.
It is not clear whether the cave belongs to the Western Chalukyas or to the Eastern Chalukyan it may be of a mixed tradition .
The type and other types of sculptures refer to the Eastern Chalukyan authorship in the mid - seventh century .
The doorways of the shrines are simple as in the southern cave - temples ; the vimanas as well as the Western Chalukyan - Rashtrakuta types with elaborate over - doors.
Most of the cave - temples are dedicated to Siva though two are definitely dedicated to Durga and some to Vishnu .
The sculptural content as compared to the examples at Badami Aihole एलोरा Ellora etc .
Among the few sculptures mention may be made of tandava Shiva .
The एलोरा cave - temple at Undavalli is the largest of the group and is a three - storeyed structure akin to the Ellora Buddhist Caves 11 and 12 the Do - tal and Tin - tal .
It belongs to the seventh century if not earlier and was perhaps intended originally for the Buddhist creed , but was afterwards modified into the Vishnu temple the principal deity हुए or Anantasayin .
The शैल cave - temples are excavated into the soft चट्टान rock at the hills in Nellore district of Nellore a rock material other than the Krishna - Guntur group .
The two rock sculptures of dancing Siva and Harihara together with small niches or memorial shrines cut inside them with लिंग or other inscriptions of the eighth century .
The eight larger cave - temples fall into two groups .
The first four shrine - cells opening from the northern end of the horseshoe - घोडे are simple shrine - cells without a front - mandapa devoid of elaborately decorated kapota cornice and its kudu ornaments .
An earlier गुफा though monolithic shrine form is found in the जिला cave at जिला ( District Madhya Pradesh ) .
It is more or less a circular monolithic temple - LRB - खुदे - RRB - carved out of a single mass of sandstone and carved on a niche board in the hemisphere by the चंद्रगुप्त of the shape of a stone by चंद्रगुप्त .
What is more significant is the fact that the Pallavas translated into the hard imperishable stone पाषाण the various forms of structural vimana temples of brick and timber that were prevalent at the commencement of the seventh century .
Thus they stand out as the earliest examples of the beginnings of vimana architecture in the south विमानों and represent the varieties of vimanas that existed or were evolved at that time .
These रथ locally known as the rathas would also indicate the existence of well - defined codes and manuals on rituals art.
They thus form the most important landmarks in the study of Indian temple architecture especially of the south .
As fully cut - out models they form the single type of shrine forms with the ardha - mandapa in front and reveal not only the outer sides but even the बाह्य as an outer case .
They were all carved down from the apex to the base as opposed to structural constructions that are built up over the foundation or foundation .
However according to the traditional method the stupi or urn was set up in the मंदिर temple with the opening of the समारोहपूर्वक image in the समारोहपूर्वक temple and after the ceremonial rites the stupi was originally merged with नीचे .
The तलों of both the talas carry . The hara is made over the हर्म्य of the second tola and over the griva , respectively made up of four karnakutas at the corners and four salas in each direction .
The hara at the aditala level is extended also over the top of the ardha - mandapa a feature of all early aircraft .
The नागर - LRB - नागर - RRB - in the north - LRB - AD . - RRB - with its ardha - mandapa are of pure Nagara order ; the only difference is that there is the ultimate sign of the series in Mahabali .
Both the rathas lack sculptures on their aditala walls and are incomplete .
The incomplete southern कर्णकूटों ratha facing east and the more complete Arjuna ratha are likewise double - storeyed square in section on both the talas and carrying applique शालाएं of four karnakutas and four salas at both levels .
The griva and sikhara are however octagonal in section making them both विमान nirandhara vimanas of the Dravida order of the Dravida order .
Four nasikas on the four cardinal sides of the griva sikhara are projected .
The ardha - mandapa in both the vimanas carries के of kutas and salas of a smaller size than those over the aditala .
Knowing that the constructions in these hard stones are difficult and too expensive ; the बालुकाश्म and their प्रतिस्पर्धियों had to be exploited and exploited for their speedy and moving in the town of नगर and their नगर
The great Kailasanatha temple in Kanchi and others in the same place are of this type .
However in this regard however greatly abandoned by the Pallava Chalukyas the gaps in their monolithic or cut - off rathas made their contribution to fine structural constructions and design which gave them a better idea of their rock - cut cave - temples .
The Shore temple at Mahabalipuram is a complex of three shrines with accessory mandapas prakara enclosures and gopura mandapas .
The largest vimana in these three has its face east at the sea and is called the Kshatriya . ; and behind it the smaller vimana on the west side of the village called the विमान or maha - mandapa is neither the oblong one .
These names inscribed on the structure are all titles of Rajasimha the builder of the , complex .
The larger eastern vimana has an additional prakara of its own closely investing it on the east south and north but leaving the west open .
Both the talas are devoid of the hara .
This vimana is called विमान by the name of Rajasimha ' s son and has a simple long - shaped linga and a Somaskanda panel on the inner wall of the ardha - mandapa with sculptures of Brahma and Vishnu in other sculptures and sculptures .
On the western side the prakara has another entrance the प्राकार a real gopura with a sola superstructure is smaller in size .
A group of small dvitala vimanas on the inner face of the prakara wall consisting of only two square and kuta types .
But among the kuta vimanas of the malika of parivara shrines those along the east face west those along the पश्चिम and west face east while those on the north and south both have विमान .
The outer walls of these parivara shrines of the malika contain a variety of sculptures both Saivite and Vaishnavite of varied iconography thus making this temple complex a veritable museum of iconography and plastic art .
The पार्श्विक has a small पार्श्विक with a small gopura or पार्श्विक in front and two lateral entrances in addition near the two front corners .
Thus it was the village moot hall the ग्राम even as the ग्राम in Aihole .
It originally like the के had a small shrine at the rear now replaced by a much later one called बैकुंठपेरूमल .
The छत likewise has a shrine - cell with the rear wall of the hall and with the छत later modified since the roof shrine contains features of a more evolved Chalukyan vimana roof .
The प्रतिष्ठान of Jain dedication with an inscription dated AD 634 is better developed .
The walled central bay forms the main sanctum and also carries the roof shrine over it .
The rear bays on either side place for two lateral shrines of the groundfloor near the corners of the rear wall with two lateral bays on the median axial line with flat roofs like the central cell to which they form their own ardha - mandapa .
The three mukha - mandapa bays in front as also the corresponding three at the rear have slopy roofs .
Likewise the two lateral walls of the mandapa are relieved five times corresponding to the hara elements the central one on each side being a दिशा which is again found on either side of the shrine entrance on either side of the eastern wall in front .
The extreme recesses on the north and south of each lateral face of the mandapa face are marked by perforated के .
The second tala is tall rising as an extension over the aditala wall .
The third tala is of a lesser height and is also devoid of the hara .
Unlike this group of vimana forms that show various stages of development in the seventh century the Sangamesvara in विमान is in full forms of vimanas as in the form of the Virupaksha and the मल्लिकार्जुन temple in पल्लव as the representation of a single vimana .
Of these the temples at गोदावरी ( East Godavari district ) are peculiar .
The बिक्कावोलु series is divided into two groups .
The preceding group includes a third temple consisting of मंदिर समूह समूह and local names all of which may have been built perhaps in the times of उत्तराधिकारियों ( उत्तराधिकारियों ) and his successors .
They are all square on plan three - storeyed tritala Nagara vimanas with four कर्णकूट and salas at the aditala and second tola पंजरों with four intervening karnakutas and salas ; they are devoid of the sukanasika .
These features indicate affinity and proximity to the Pallava type though their distinct regional and parental Chalukyan traits may be evident from the other features and the general stature of the vimana form .
Much skill has been shown in the construction of the मेहराब - especially at the top of the arch ( a pair of makara heads ) .
The नाल in the flexed cornice or kapota are horseshoe - shaped as in the Pallava and early Chalukyan examples .
The other three temples inside the village the अंदर the अंदर the अंदर and the नरेंद्र belong to the second and later group . and the last perhaps to the time of Rajaraja Narendra नरेंद्र - नरेंद्र .
They are also two or three storeyed Nagara vimanas square on plan but with their superstructures entirely or partially restored in later times and heavily plastered over many basic diagnostic features .
Though smaller in size it is more ornate with bold and round sculptures in the niches and के of Puranic scenes organised by miniature panels.
The one forming a belt round the base of the vimana walls is noteworthy in that of the sixty - three Saiva विमानों according to the work .
The larger पत्थर sculptures set in the wall niches and in the malika corridors are in a new medium namely a black polished basalt - like stone as against the granite of the ग्रेनाइट .
They are all sculptures of a fine quality and most of them are now removed and exhibited in the Thanjavur Art gallery .
The closed maha - mandapa of this east - STRUCTURAL STONE TEMPLES: THE के PHASE facing complex has an open porch - like agra - mandapa on its south है carved pillars having panel sculptures.
The mandapa like है is also designed to simulate a chariot on wheels drawn by हाथियों while the front steps have हाथियों guarded by elephants .
Outside this gopura is the ornate but small Nandi - mandapa .
Beyond is another outer gopura ( बाहरी ) that is now a non - existent outer prakara front ) .
The addition of the devi temple brought into common vogue the kalyana utsava or annual ceremonial marriage festival of the god and goddess for which special kalyana हुआ ( swing festival ) mandapas with attached mandapas were built ) .
The advent of the special Nataraja shrine as part of the sabha - mandapas or नटराज - mandapas in Siva temples has already been mentioned .
The other types of festivals are the utsava - mandapas for different times - LRB - उत्सव - RRB - where festival idols are celebrated in जुलूस - जुलूस and taken out in procession .
The शाला or शाला - LRB - मंडप - RRB - or the मंडप - LRB - शाला - RRB - व्याकरण - LRB - व्याकरण - RRB - and the शाला and even the शाला mandapam added to the temple complexes .
All this the medieval temple of Tamil land not only the religious समुदाय of the community but also served as centres for social cultural economic and other mundane activities which always centred round the temple.
Their early temples like the बालुकाश्म group and जिला in बालुकाश्म near बालुकाश्म district built in the latter half of the tenth century are perhaps the last among the structures that marked the end of the sandstone - built and sandstone rock tradition .
They adopted different soft stones such as the पत्थरों पत्थरों in the middle of their time in the building of their temples .
The fine cluster of nine temples called the दीवारों temple consists of nine two or three - storeyed square vimanas single - walled and built round the sides and ends of a linear row of three mandapas all of poor quality .
In general appearance but of the characteristic sukanasika they resemble the बिक्कावोशु temples built by the Eastern Chalukyan .
It has essentially a closed navaranga - mandapa in front though an open mandapa was added later .
The central bay of the navaranga included within the four central pillars is a square larger than the eight surrounding peripheral bays .
Besides there are four supporting pillars at the four inner corners of the sanctum .
The proportionate sizes of the walls are lost .
The proportionate sizes of the walls are lost .
The recesses between the bays of the wall are enacted by elaborately decorated भित्तिस्तंभों pilasters of ornamental pilaster हैं and तंजावुर on top of the Nayaka temples of the eleventh century AD .
The decorative pilaster is framed inside a torana over two shorter pilaster bands .
The poem thus moves on to indicate the secret contracts the चेतना of nature and man ' s pseudo - कोख of nature until the period of the birth of a human tongue is reduced to the level of a मानव .
This patriot and lover of his people and the severest critic of his countrymen.
In other words the wonderful spectacle of the world ' s life takes place when suddenly broken .
All this must melt away like a shadow. Getting and not getting they both end in उच्छवास .
They sometimes realise that all that love has been in this life and in all its past lives and in whatever God in love has been in its constant search for the Self in love for its ultimate aim a real love for it .
This meeting of religious consciousness and religious philosophy was reached by a satisfactory relationship with the Absolute which was to reach its culmination in the composition of Gitanjali .
But the love of life is strong and the mystic consciousness was still not strong .
But nearer home in the northern regions of the empire the break is seen to be more pronounced conditioned not only by the विदेशी rulers of alien faith but also other local and intrinsic reasons .
STRUCTURAL STONE TEMPLES: THE LAST PHASE much fresh and buckets of the extant soft stone by the present - day with the much - craved - for thereof and for its numerous पाषाण in the history of architecture for its immense output .
The very peculiarities of their plan and elevation could not afford the starting point for the Vijayanagar series .
As गली they both became गली - गली which विचलित away from the main road to evolution made by their precursors the Rashtrakutas and before them the early Chalukyas .
For the emphasis on the horizontal division resulting in the tiered nature of the superstructure was the sine qua non of the recognized southern vimana system .
In such a perspective of the दमन almost to the extent of actual division and stratification neither could the Hoysala genre .
Similar to the parallel yet to the apex a vast flat - like vertical लहरदार with a renewed emphasis in the Hoysala style could not satisfy the होयसल requirements .
The stone cutter . and the large area for carving together had the result of . . which was the result of मूर्तिशिल्प . encouraged a variety of sculptures and अलंकरण which could not be compared to the hard stone material employed by the विजयनगर artisans .
Inside the eastern apse or the half of the structure is accommodated a large pillared mandapa with twelve peripheral pillars each of which is a huge मंडप of the composite character the feature of the Vijayanagar temples to come.
Each of these women - shaped pillars is carved on the outer surface by a slender pair of बाहरी or thin नारी attached to the base and top with all the characteristic features of the characteristic stem and the पुष्प at the top .
Yet the navaranga design appears from the raised ceiling of nine bays on the top eight of them surrounding the larger central छत .
The stone slab is carefully cut into a round ball which can be rolled inside but not out .
The passage outside the ring of the रंगमंडप - mandapa pillars and between them and the outer wall has a roof made up of two rising stages each with an outward slope while the central रंगमंडप rises up into a रोशनदान .
The roofing in this highly rain - soaked region is adequately designed by the laying above of the long channel stones sloping out and placed together the adjacent parallel edges of every two channels being covered by an inverted channel stone .
This pattern is found followed in many other temples of this area and the western central band .
The inner roof of the रंगमंडप - mandapa thus further गहराई into a larger central volume with a more depth of feeling as if it were a " वितान ceiling " with a clear inverted lotus surrounding with a large central hanging over it .
The circular srikoyil of श्रीकोयिल the most northerly of the row has its sanctum divided by a transverse diagonal wall .
The western half is dedicated to Siva the western half - Siva has his own door to the east as also a flight of steps and a का अर्धभाग in front .
The eastern half is dedicated to devi Parvati with a door opening on the east .
The northern and southern faces have false doors or पार्श्वों .
Over the moulded stone adhishthana the outer wall of the sandhara structure and its prastara show the characteristic reliefs of pilasters and miniature shrines of the kuta sala and panjara models as in the Tamil Nadu temples .
The slopy conical roof of metal sheet covers this by its overhanging eaves supported by brackets sprung from the wall .
The inner wall rising up actually carries this immense conical roof or sikhara with a single metal stupi .
The group has the largest two - storeyed temple of Rama in the south square in its plan with its adhishthana walls and prastara relieved five times on its four sides .
I would save them again but the last minute the rebel soldier with his intention and with his men made no order for the killing .
If he did so he would have done it on the advice of Mirza Moghul . "
The king added that many सिपाहियों and documents were signed against his will : " As far as the signatures of my stamp were put upon him the truth is that from the day on which he murdered European officers .
The papers they thought fit made and brought to me compelled me to affix my seal.
Sometimes they brought the rough drafts of orders and sent them back on my orders .
Sometimes they brought the original letters intended for despatch and left copies of them .
In this way innumerable हाथों have been filed by many hands .
Often they affixed a seal on the outside covering .
It is therefore difficult to know what papers they sent in and to whom they sent . "
I prefer to give evidence . "
He was later called upon to throw away Bahadur Shah ' s sovereign charity and पेंशनभोगी : the fact that the prisoner was the only victim of the British rule in India and the British Government had not even deprived him of that opportunity .
He was a sovereign ruler and was supreme in Delhi . "
Shah Waliullah ' s statement made an attempt to prove that when he and the lawyer were with Ghulam Abbas . he was told that after killing Mrs सिपाही the soldiers were killed in सिपाही the King not enough .
The statement shows that the King ' s servants the murderer and the king also joined it .
He said " No servant was ever dismissed ; honest investigation against anybody and in fact the killers are to continue to be the salaried servants of the king . "
In the former case the prosecutor stated that the King ' s own hand had to be issued to the Governor Muhammad Bakht Khan Bahadur Shah in his own hand and letters composed by others to the king .
We accept the responsibility for its publication .
He further stated that the paper was entirely prepared on my responsibility on the 28th April 1883 and published most of my information , . . before the publication .
I should like to add that Sir John नौरिस I do not know in any other way except a respected and learned judge of the Hon 'ble court and what I wrote and published with all the interests of the Hon 'ble Sir .
The letter of 28 April 1883 carried the two articles on the subject of the Hon 'ble ' s माननीय ' माननीय ' The first page was 194 under the title ' The Morning News and Notes ( 1883 ) and the other under ' जॉन ' .
" That the Brahmo Public Opinion referred to in the said paragraph is a periodical work published in Calcutta every Thursday and is believed by the people and I believe it to be under the editorship of the gentleman as an attorney of this court .
The basis of the complaint was firstly that the contents of the article were made known to me as सामग्री अप्रैल ' as per the information and trust observed in the Brahmo Public Opinion " dated April 19 1883 and no explanation thereof shall be found in this letter .
That the basis of the complaint was published in the issue of 26 April 1883 of the second article ' s पब्लिक Public Opinion and no शिकायत or स्पष्टीकरण was published before the publication of the said article in a second newspaper .
He added : " I had the privilege of being an Indian of my generation and of my countrymen ( as I think ) to suffer a sentence of imprisonment for their public duty and this was throughout India by Surendranath Banerjee .
He became a hero overnight.
It sowed the seed of the right of freedom of expression and trial of the press to express free and frank comments in the interest of the public .
It challenged the jurisdiction of the court to try for contempt .
This trial also established the rule that even a judge of the High Court should take care of public sentiments and should not act arbitrary .
Interestingly enough Surendra Nath Banerjea was later made president of the 11th session of the Indian National Congress .
He was born in a Marathi परिवार family of मराठा and studied in Deccan College from where he graduated in law and under his auspices the डेक्कन College was introduced in the field of journalism and in two letters of merit .
In 1857 he started the Shivaji festival and tried to revive patriotic fervour amongst Indians .
He severely criticized Government ' s methods of dealing with the plague outbreak in Poona and was convicted of charge of sedition .
Tilak was prosecuted under Section 124 - A . A . A . D .
Tilak defended himself and prepared a masterly defence which is a document of historical importance .
It was here that the trial in which the judge asked whether he had anything to say in his defence तिलक Tilak uttered those memorable words which are inscribed on the entrance of the room .
Tilak was sentenced to six years' transportation to Mandalay in Burma and a fine of Rs 1000 .
The third trial of Tilak took place in 1916 when he was sentenced to six years' exile .
In this trial also he was prosecuted for sedition but no jail sentence was imposed .
The second trial of Tilak in 1908 is of historical importance as it acquired a place in criminal jurisprudence .
Tilak was arrested and brought before a Magistrate to face charges in the तिलक Court of Bombay .
Under the provisions of the Indian Penal Code and 153 A . A . B . A . C . before the Presidency Magistrate Mr A . H . S . मजिस्ट्रेट they were charged with राजद्रोह and राजद्रोह the masses .
The counsel for Tilak argued the case .
The government advocate pressed for two separate trials and the magistrate had no choice but to order two cases according to the official view .
Tilak was committed to the High Court where such trials were conducted in those days .
M . A . Jinnah ( राष्ट्रीय ) national leader of the time who became the founder of the present Pakistan in course of time argued his application for bail and argued that the acts of accused were being made good by Tilak ' s तिलक .
It was just and fair to release him on bail in order to give his proper translation to the court and to prepare his own defence by Tilak .
He assured the judge that Tilak could be relied upon to appear in the court on the hearing day .
Mr Jinnah also reminded the judge of the earlier decision of Mr Justice Tyabji when in such a case bail was granted .
He argued that the attitude of the government towards political activists had not changed during the intervening period and the judiciary was not free from such bias in political cases .
Mr Justice Davar refused to grant bail .
Though Tilak was not a revolutionary and nor did he believe in violent methods he was arrested and kept under strict security arrangements .
The Government rushed its forces to control the unprecedented crowd who waited outside to have a glimpse of their beloved leader .
The authorities fearing protests from the crowd of admirers waiting outside the jail decided to bring Tilak in the darkness of the night from the जेल Jail to the High Court building to lodge him in a solitary cell at the top floor of the building .
The government was unwilling to provide any help from advocates or jury and arbitrarily transferred to the Bombay High Court against Tilak .
A dispute also arose about the nature of the jury .
The government wanted a special jury to secure his trial .
The barrister Joseph Baptista brilliantly argued against the government ' s insistence on a special jury .
Their logic was that the special jury would consist mostly of Europeans and Anglo - Indians who would not be aware of the basic Marathi language of the so - called objectionable articles .
Therefore from the very beginning the so - called offensive against his community would make Tilak ' s bias .
He argued that it would be a travesty of justice to have a special jury of Europeans and Anglo - Indians for a charge of भडकाने the masses under Section 153 A of the Indian Penal Code .
He found it wrong that instead of स्वतंत्रता a child into his mother tongue full of freedom and pleasure he was forced to resolve the complexity of the idiom of a foreign language by his very childhood and to maintain all the delicate sources of his mind .
And so Rabindranath did not forget his school days when we made children sit dead like a museum specimen and lessons were chanted at us as if on flowers ?
He has learnt to assimilate these experiences with his senses before learning from his mind .
He should therefore be provided with an atmosphere which would stimulate his curiosity and make his introduction to the world around him easy and delightful .
He should be encouraged to do his own work and to help his teacher develop his dependency as far as possible .
So that the child could understand and love his environment before he was kept in a watch over his mind he could understand the workings and responsibilities of all his limbs and thereby came to be known as Mahatma Gandhi .
According to Tagore nature is the best teacher .
He wanted the understanding of science to be derived from the study of nature and the careful education of the child to develop the child ' s curiosity understanding and inclination .
In 1897 plague ravaged Poona and रैंड the oppressive of - दमनकारी - in - charge was murdered by brothers who went to the gallows singing verses from the Gita .
Young Savarkar deeply impressed took an oath to fight like the लडने for India ' s freedom .
The next year it was expanded to the " friend fair " .
In 1902 Vinayak joined the पुणे College Poona and lived there .
He formed a group of young patriots .
In 1905 Naren ' s men spread the fire of rebellion throughout the country and Savarkar ' s group put on a bonfire of foreign cloth at Poona which led him to his removal from the college कालेज .
After graduating in 1905 Vinayak toured extensively to gain support for his' Mitra Mela भारती which was now called' Abhinav Bharat ' ) .
In 1906 on the recommendation of तिलक Tilak Vinayak found Shyam Krishna Verma इंग्लैंड and sailed for England .
It was concerned with the judicial issues of national and international importance .
Savarkar ' s only purpose in life was to liberate his motherland from the foreign yoke by all means .
Savarkar the great patriot the revolutionary and freedom fighter who was connected with political activities was also an active member of the Working Committee for India ' s independence .
While taking an active part in political activities Savarkar decided to go to England and bring to the British people and the world at large the injustice against the Indian people the oppression and exploitation of the people of India .
But even as a brilliant student it was not possible for him to go abroad on his money .
While studying law in Bombay he heard that the great English - educated patriot Shyam Krishna Verma a barrister who was in England offered him a scholarship to needy Indian students .
Savarkar reached London in 1906 and devoted himself to his studies .
He also used his energy in political activities and actively associated with Indians who propagated ideas against British rule and supported revolutionary activities in India .
The Brigadier बांह seized Savarkar by arm and took him back to the ship and the prisoner went peacefully with him .
The Brigadier did not release his hold till they reached the deck of the vessel .
It seems that the whole incident took only a few minutes .
It is alleged that the Brigadier was not ignorant of the presence of Savarkar on board the vessel and that he had such orders as were made to prevent any Hindu from coming on shore .
These circumstances show that the men in charge of Savarkar might well have believed that he could count on the assistance of the French police .
It has been proved that shortly before the president of the French police arrived at the spot and he was present before the Commander in regard to the watch of the watch over him .
As a result the Speaker was charged with the British police officers of the prisoner .
The court decision :
And while what has been said so far it is clear in seeing that it was not a question of killing a person by treachery or force ; but a person who made an attempt to throw a stone into the foreign land and made Britain .
Even though under the circumstances the practice of the Brigadier . was not rejected by his officers before the morning of 9th July when they left Marseilles on the evening of July by the मर्साई - LRB - मर्साई - RRB - according to what he had generally believed .
अंतर्राष्ट्रीय that Savarkar was arrested and dealt with by law in custody to the British police there was no law of international law to impose a genuine mistake in the event of the latter ' s acceptance of a defence .
The judgment of the Tribunal shocked the world as it was a mockery of the right of asylum as cited in International Law .
In the case of Savarkar सावरकर de Jurisprudence de Doctrine General de Jurisprudence de Doctrine et de Legislation का 1911 .
In 326 BC the judgment of the court was severely criticized by other experts of अदालत and मैगजीन .
ब्रिटेन in the International Law ( section ) One - fourth edition . pp . फ्रांस - ब्रिटेन - ब्रिटेन French vs. Great Britain in ब्रिटेन .
Some members of the British Parliament also criticised the judgment of the Hague trial .
One Indian patriot Shyam Krishna Verma a letter published from Europe commented:
The Hague The Hague The International Court ' s judgment had खंडित faith in the rights which political refugees considered to be the natural ; and it pains to recognise among the most distinguished nations for its assertion .
L . पार्लियामेंट correctly stated that for the first time " अदालत " in the court " . " was a tactical mistake and a friend पार्लियामेंट a member of the British Parliament " had assured us that the party to which it was determined .
Dr . अंतर्राष्ट्रीय an expert on International Law has commented : " It limits the right of asylum .
According to this decision if taken far it can be said that Prince क्रोपोतकिन can be abducted by collusion with the British police and he can without the consent of the British government and by any rules of international law .
The decision serves to emphasise the urgent need for a stable court of international law as supplementary to the Arbitration Courts since there will be rational reasoned decision - making in place of the negative agreement . "
Thus ended the trial of a patriot and revolutionary who loved his motherland and risked his life for its liberation from the oppressive British regime .
The trial left an imprint of Savarkar ' s personality on International Law and the footprints of a champion of liberty who heroically strove for the deliverance of a suppressed man .
The influence was so great that M . फ्रांस former French prime minister was forced to resign soon after the decision of the Hague .
Mahatma Gandhi . - मोहनदास - मोहनदास Mahatma Gandhi was born on 2nd October 1869 at Porbandar in Gujarat .
He was the youngest of three brothers and had a sister .
His father Karamchand पिता was Prime Minister of Rajkot .
Gandhi was in school till 1887.
कस्तूरबाई was married in 1881 to कस्तूरबाई .
After nearly nine months in college he left for England in September 1888 to study law .
He returned to India in 1891 and introduced a practice as a lawyer .
In April 1893 Gandhiji was called सेठ by a businessman named Seth .
On arrival he experienced the harsh treatment meted out to coloured people by अश्वेत .
There he read Tolstoy ' s The Kingdom of God is within you " and was deeply impressed by his other writings .
On 19 December 1914 Gandhi returned to India and after a brief and अवररूद्ध stay in February - March 1915 1915 he established the Satyagraha Ashram in Ahmedabad city on 25 May 1915 with his colleagues of the अहमदाबाद .
It was shifted in June 1917 to the banks of the Sabarmati river opposite the city .
Between 1917 and 1918 Gandhi participated in two movements in Champaran ( Bihar ) and the खैरा ( Gujarat ) and the labour dispute in Ahmedabad .
The First World War broke out on 11 November 1918 and this was followed by the proposal of the Rowlatt Bills designed to curb the rising tide of rebellion in India .
Gandhi reacted sharply against these repressive laws and led the resurgent Indian nationalism .
From 1924 to 1929 Gandhi devoted himself entirely to constructive programmes and launched many " Satyagraha " movement .
In 1924 he was elected president of the Indian National Congress .
There have been a number of detailed studies on his life philosophy and political affairs social religious and economic ideas .
Gandhi has been looked upon by many primarily as a religious leader many have accepted him as the leader of Indian nationalism .
He was very regular and systematic in his behaviour and had a very simple way of living .
Gandhi respected the deep religious beliefs of each individual and his treatment for men and women was entirely humanitarian and he was ready to clutch at anything to satisfy the sorrows of men and women who came to him .
All I want to say is that when the proper time comes I shall plead 'guilty' so far as disaffection towards the government is concerned .
It is true that I am the editor of " Young India " wrote articles in my presence and that the proprietors and publishers permitted me to formulate the policy of the whole newspaper .
It was recorded in the trial before the court that accused अभियुक्त did not wish to call any defence witnesses and that he had no objection in the conduct of the trial by the Sessions Court .
Accused किया ( 2 ) refused to call any defence witnesses and requested the court to take up the case soon.
The Magistrate passed the following orders under Section 213 .
The accused are charged with the publication of certain articles in the ' Young India ' ( Young India ) ; accused नं i . e . the editor of this newspaper and accused इंडिया 2 ) .
I object to you : Mr L . N . Brown Additional District Magistrate - LRB - जिला - RRB - Mr .
" by the editor of Young India 1921 on 29 September 1921 . 15 December 1921 and 23 February 1922 in अहमदाबाद wrote an attempt to भडकाने an offence against the Crown or the British Government in India .
For a long time the feeling in the heart of the people rushed towards the विषाद and their longest procession through the शोकाकुल march towards Gandhiji who laid down the feet of the country ready for continuous toil .
The final scene of the trial was still left : the farewell of friends and followers who in a queue went to him and for each of them Gandhiji had a word or friendly मुकदमे .
. left for about an hour .
The military officers were waiting for Gandhiji with a car .
At about 2 o 'clock Gandhiji entered the car with Kasturba , Pandit Malaviya Banker and Mrs नायडू .
The anxious crowds standing outside the Circuit House attempted to shout their भीड cry of गांधी Gandhi ki गांधी but Gandhiji stopped them with his hand हाथ .
Eventually it became clear that the message of truth and non - violence had been recorded in the pages of history .
Strangely the principal grounds advanced by the prosecution for rejecting bail applications and accepted by the magistrate was that the case had been started by the Government of India after considerable care and so the accused were allowed to be guilty .
The preliminary enquiry commenced before Mr Milner White special magistrate at the district court of Meerut .
In his early speech he emphasised the role of Moscow and the Third International in carrying on communist propaganda in India .
By giving a detailed account of the origin of the Third International - LRB - leading objectives of civil war - RRB - she said that the majority of people connected with the international movement enjoy violence in the state of गृहयुद्ध and terror .
In addition he referred to the role of the Red International of Labour Unions the National Minorities Movement and the League एगेंस्ट for the spread of communism in India .
Side by side with the subversive elements with the whole विध्वंसकारी of the कम्युनिस्ट " in the world Mr James pointed out that the communists of Russia had दमन their own people and destroyed the so - called national structure of India .
They made vigorous efforts to capture the Trade Union Congress in 1927 and last year they persistently adhered to the Moscow group .
The sentences were reduced significantly .
व्यक्तियों and eight others were completely acquitted .
Considering the fact that the accused had been confined for more than four years the High Court tried to get some trouble .
The prosecution evidence in the Sessions Court lasted more than 13 months .
5 . . : Four months .
The hearing of the arguments began on 24th July 1933 .
The trial was a farce throwing down all established legal rules and procedures .
Sardar Bhagat Singh was born in Banga in the बंगा district of the West Punjab Kishan Singh and जन्म in 1907 - LRB - exact date of birth is not known .
On completion of his primary education at the village school in Banga Bhagat Singh was sent to the D. V. College at Lahore .
From 1923 to 1931 in 1931 Bhagat Singh continued to fight for the liberation of his motherland .
In 1925 he founded the लाहौर Bharat Sabha at Lahore to inculcate a spirit of revolution among the young people .
He came from other revolutionaries like Sukhdev सुखदेव Yashpal सुखदेव Chandra Shekhar Azad क्रांतिकारियों Nath Das and others who were working with the youth .
On 3 February 1928 when the Simon Commission landed in Bombay the Congress called out of a black flag .
Lala Lajpat Rai suffered serious injuries and within 15 days of the incident he died on 17th November 1928 due to these injuries .
Bhagat Singh undertook to exchange this national insult with ' blood ' .
On 17th December 1928 Bhagat Singh . with his two close associates राजगुरू Rajguru and Azad अधीक्षक reached the office of Mr Scott the Deputy Superintendent of Police .
Bhagat Singh and his comrades took their pre - planned positions in this office located in the Punjab Central Secretariat .
Sometime later Naren came out of an English office .
One of Bhagat Singh ' s comrades स्कॉट mistook him for Mr Scott .
Actually he was Saunders Assistant Superintendent of Police .
At four o 'clock in the morning as Saunders took his motorcycle and rode out of the gate on to the road at the awaited signal from Jai Gopal Raj Guru fired at Saunders hitting him in the neck .
The nation rejoiced at सांडर्स shooting for it was not an act of terrorism or violence but a question of the honour of Lala Lajpat Rai and the honour of the entire nation through him .
Bhagat Singh and B . Dutt सिंह both of them were cheerful and laughing all the time .
Contrary to the procedure in the court they were seated on a bench in the dock .
Behind them sat the jail official and some I. D men .
Eleven prosecution witnesses ( all - official ) were examined that day .
Not a single independent witness was there .
When the court rose for lunch Bhagat Singh ' s family was allowed to meet him in the presence of police officers .
At that meeting Bhagat Singh repeatedly told his father that the government was bent on sending him to the gallows and that he was not unduly worried .
But the court rejected the demand saying that it was not bound to accept a suit .
The statement ended with the slogan 'Long Live the ' इंकलाब ' .
The trial was held on 10th June 1929 and the judgment was pronounced on 12 .
The judgment was pronounced by the Sessions Judge :
The accused have agreed to throw a bomb in the Assembly .
They allege that the prosecution evidence regarding the seizure of the pistol is false and that some of the prosecution evidence regarding the throwing of bombs are also false .
They have admitted that they hold human life sacred and even declared that the bombs were dropped against and warning .
They have simply stated the damage done by bombs and they say that it was not intended to cause any serious injury .
I accept the direct and oral evidence produced before me as cogent proof that Bhagat Singh and Dutt each threw a bomb into the Assembly chamber that Bhagat Singh fired a pistol and that Bhagat Singh fired a pistol .
The facts which are necessary on the charges of the charges are that the two accused threw a bomb and I find it proved .
The trial started on 10th July 1929 .
It included 27 persons .
Out of 27 six were absconding and could not find them .
Of the remaining 18 three were discharged under various streams .
The remaining 15 including नाथ Nath Ghosh and Bhagat Singh were tried .
The first two were found unreliable and the prosecution case rested mainly on the evidence of the remaining five गया .
All the accused were young .
He knew his results ; so he did not take the matter seriously and remained indifferent to it .
Bhagat Singh and his comrades tried many ways to ridicule the court and action .
The tactics adopted by Bhagat Singh included singing of revolutionary songs raising slogans during the proceedings with his comrades joining in and thus obstructing the proceedings of the court which in their opinion was just a farce.
The first charge against the accused बर्मा i . e . रंगून and रंगून रेजिमेंट against Sultan Shah Nawaz Khan रंगून the accused of रंगून बर्मा and बर्मा . ' s near बर्मा .
Second charge: Indian Army Act ( Section 41 ) - against the said Captain P. K . Sehgal .
The fourth charge : Section 41 ( against the said Lt. Gurbaksh Singh Dhillon ) .
Committing a civil offence that is to say murder contrary to Section 302 I. P. C. in that he Lt. Dhillon at or near बर्मा Hill in Burma on or about 16th March 1945 .
The Fifth prosecution : Section 41 ( against the said आर्मी ) .
The sixth charge : Section 41 ( against the said Lt. Gurbaksh Singh Dhillon ) .
Committing a civil offence that is to say murder contrary to Section 302 I. P. C. in that he - LRB - Lt. Dhillon - RRB - at or near बर्मा Hill in Burma on or near about 6th March 1945 by causing the death of 302 Singh .
According to the language of the book of International Law its liability rests on the state under whose direction they fought and such liability in the case of war is not governed by the International Law .
Of course if the rebellion is successful then it becomes a new government and that is the end of it and the answer is given to my client by International Law . "
Bhulabhai Desai went straight to the original issue ( i . e . the right of the people of rebellion when he said to himself an Indian had to decide on the situation where it was the question of the king and the right to issue .
In any such case the position of an Indian is very difficult and I would like to make the court a correct solution .
Where the King and the country coincide there is no question of an alternative .
If a war is fought against the ruler and against the interests of our country this does not arise. But if it was a fight for independence the question arises how much more I would like to read a few human rights .
If war is being formally waged to liberate their country then the point is whether the point of allegiance can be raised ?
How can you be told when you are fighting to liberate your country there is a loyalty to any of your opponent to the war .
All that is necessary is that you must not sell your soul and if that is so it does not mean anything but endless tyranny . "
He added that modern International Law had recognised the right of subject races not at the moment independent to struggle for their liberation .
Mr Asaf Ali prominent advocate from Delhi assisted by Shri अब्दुल्ला Lal जिया and other advocates appeared in the court to defend Sheikh Abdullah .
Sheikh Abdullah delivered all his speeches in Kashmir ; only one speech was delivered in Urdu .
The prosecution relied on various extracts from the speeches made by the prosecution authorities containing the translated अधिकारियों translated and the state Government .
The complaint quoted below shows that incorrect translations were brought into force while charging आंदोलन charges for suppression of the people ' s voice and freedom movement in the state .
The allegations ( 1 ) that the accused levelled against him many उपनगरों and बहादुर of H. E. the Government of Jammu and Kashmir and His हिज to create hatred and contempt against His Highness the city of Jammu and Kashmir and Kashmir .
" India has three - fourths under the British direct control while a quarter is under indirect control .
In these places fifty crores of people live as slaves.
We shall end the rule of the Dogra हिंदू - LRB - 2 - RRB - and in the speeches of 16 May 1946 : What do Hindus Muslims and Sikhs of this state want ?
They do not want to fall prey to the pomp and show.
Forty lakh people were falling prey to a man ' s funeral procession .
I would like to tell the Hindus who praise the Dogra Raj what the reality of the Raj is based on a shameful betrayal .
Today वंशजों in 1946 I wish to avenge this shameful treachery from the descendants of Maharaja Gulab Singh .
He predicted that time would come when the dead.
No conspiracy can put these people in slavery .
We have to decide to get free from slavery by our blood .
" Revolt is the right of a slave .
About three hundred years later we shall put an end to this Dogra Raj .
This is a sacred battle .
युद्ध people to join the war .
Those who waste their blood - sweat earned by the people on dogs and horses उडा worse than dictators .
It is the duty of every man to break away from their clutches . "
( 3 ) The prosecution claimed that in general the above speeches and in particular the articles contained in the Jammu and Kashmir Government and His हिज to His Highness Bahadur ' s हिज of contempt and disaffection में .
( 4 ) सभाओं before these meetings and at the end of them slogans were raised with other things : भाषणों of excitement caused by these speeches .
These slogans have no other significance and effect except that of hatred and contempt against the ruler and his family .
The prosecution examined 26 witnesses in support of the prosecution .
Most of the witnesses were police and C . D . men and officials .
Some of them were not well acquainted with the English language - LRB - अंग्रेजी - RRB - and they wrote their statements किया and then translated into English .
From the beginning it was clear that the government and the court were anyhow to convict Sheikh Abdullah .
Their speeches were torn out of context and the entire prosecution was based on notes of these speeches .
Though badly translated the speeches show the rare courage of a fighter who stood up to and spoke against British Raj and that of the Maharaja his atrocities and कुशासन .
Sheikh Abdullah courageously admitted that he made the inflammatory speeches and was firm in his statements .
This has threatened the penal and preventive provisions of law .
Where law is not based on the will of the people it दमन their aspirations .
Such law may be enforced for some time but it does not have any moral validity .
I bow before the same law and I wish to face the same Tribunal ' s fearlessness and confidence and by my colleagues I and myself leave it not merely on behalf of the 400 million people of Jammu and Kashmir but on behalf of all the Indian States .
These claims are not confined to any particular caste creed religion के or धर्म for they apply to all for I regard humanity as a whole entity which is not broken by such divisions and human rights are always victorious .
There have been charges levelled against communal and communist ends in demand for the cancellation of the Treaty of Kashmir कश्मीर and Amritsar .
It is a breach of facts and I deny and repudiate these allegations .
The National Conference is essentially a national organisation consisting of people who agree with its objective and co - operate with the All India States People ' s Conference in order to make it associate with it .
It also supports social and economic changes to end privileges and to raise the masses .
शेख his statement before the Sessions Court Sheikh Abdullah uttered these memorable words:
" It is not big if I am imprisoned .
Only then will we be able to be worthy of our homeland . "
His defence statement depicted the sorry plight of the people of Kashmir कुशासन who had bought Kashmir and were राजस्व its revenue.
The public prosecutor submitted that all the charges had been proved and that the Sheikh Abdullah should be severely punished for it .
Mr Asaf Ali defence counsel made a memorable speech .
For various internal and external reasons the trial has become a memorable trial in history particularly of the chequered history of Kashmir .
And I venture to point out that the trial which has gained in the whole of India ' s history is reflected in the fact that the great leaders of India Mahatma Gandhi and Jawaharlal Nehru regardless of the consequences of their success .
It is a well - known fact that even His Excellency the Viceroy and His Chancellor of the Chamber of Princes were also apprised on the existence of the case and they have it is believed taken notice .
As for the masses it is clear from the long details in the newspapers that the educated people of India have been taking in this trial .
In this sense it is a historic trial .
Sir महोदय it also has serious fundamental issues .
It is not a simple case of sedition. If so the prosecution put itself within the limits of the law of sedition and the case ended in three days .
It seemed to him a point which went to the very root of the Constitution of the state .
This referred to the fundamental rights of the people not only of this state but also of the people of all the Indian states . "
Asaf Ali then attacked the prosecution witness and evidence .
The prosecution has challenged the enforcement of the powers to voice their fundamental rights .
The gist of the speeches delivered by the accused from the 6th to the 16th is also the same .
What is he asking ?
He is asking for a responsible and representative government : a government run by the people in the interests of the people .
Is it an unreasonable demand ?
Today in 1946 when the British cabinet has declared that India has the right to be free and India has decided to break her pledged allegiance to the British Empire if so it will be within her domain .
At a time when the whole world is thinking of the people ' s independence or is it an offence to say whether the Government ' s base in this state is the people ' s will not be able to see a treaties of 100 years old .
It is the voice of human soul .
It is the voice of the people .
Sheikh Abdullah is the symbol of the people ' s inalienable aspirations and rights .
His words will be repeated again in future and recorded in history .
Therefore I maintain that if they are treated as an unfair statement it will be a breach of the rights of the people known as " inherent approvals " or के " in constitutional law .
On relying on the sentences of उद्धरणों के by the prosecution he said :
नहीं over a sentence is not the right way of tracing the effect of the speech ; but this rule has been upheld by your Judicial Consultants ( न्यायिक ) in a recent judgment in the case of बजाज Bajaj .
I shall only refer to the appropriate and relevant portion of this decision .
It states that in the case of Justice ( न्यायिक ) while considering the papers pending in the pronouncements of the above judicial pronouncements one should remember the words of Justice ; ( न्यायिक ) and not by the point of view and point of point of view .
It should also be remembered that mere abusive epithets . के के के turbid language will not make the writing in question exclusively .
What is important is that after a thorough perusal of these papers one comes to the conclusion that a common man who reads newspapers for the government has developed a tendency for hatred or contempt of the mind of the अंसतोष .
He then went on to analyse the language of Section 124 - A of the R. P. C : " If he read the language of Section 124 - A of the Ranjit Penal Code and showed it does not increase the population of the country .
What are these general rules ?
We are content to adopt the words of a learned judge which are found in every book of the crime code .
Sedition embraces all those practices whether by word कर्म action or writing which are calculated to disturb the peace of the State and lead ignorant persons to subvert the government .
All these spheres form जीवमंडल .
In the biosphere apart from human beings there are other plants - LRB - animals - RRB - birds fishes and insects ( such as algae , bacteria and virus ) .
The atmosphere gives us oxygen while जलमंडल and आक्सीजन provide us with water table food and space .
If any change takes place in the atmosphere and / or जीवमंडल as well as in the जीवमंडल - LRB - जीवमंडल - RRB - the effect is on every living organism in the जीवमंडल .
This change is called pollution and the agents responsible for this pollution are called pollutants.
Pollution slowly था through the industrial revolution .
This has led to the endangered survival of man and his surroundings .
In Singapore noise has caused several physical and psychological tensions .
पडोसियों and fits of madness in overcrowded apartments are often attributed to neighbour ' s पडोसियों construction machinery and traffic noise .
The day is not far when such circumstances in India also arise .
The prime cause of pollution is the growing population .
An increase of 2. 4 billion in just 20 years has led to depletion of resources and larger wastes .
बावजूद with all sorts of pollution man continues to live without विचारे .
- औद्योगिक None of us can forget the ghastly industrial accident at Bhopal on December 3 1984 .
को gas from a chemical plant operated by Union Carbide escaped into the atmosphere killing over 4 000 local residents and rendering blind and crippling a large section of the city ' s surviving .
Not only Bhopal but now every town every corner of the earth is facing such a serious problem .
Every day every minute we breathe polluted air and are subject to air pollution .
Man can live without food for a month without water for two or three days but he cannot live for a minute without breathing .
It is estimated that an adult man on an average eats about 1. 5 kilograms of food per day and drinks about 2. 5 kilograms of water in comparison with that of air and about 15 kilograms per day .
It is therefore certain that the quantum of pollutants that enter our body is manifold when inhaled through contaminated water or contaminated food .
Air is a mixture of gases comprising of 78 per cent nitrogen . 21 per cent oxygen है a little less than 1 per cent and कार्बन per cent of carbon dioxide .
The air is pure.
The most important cause of air pollution is the rising number of motor vehicles and two coal - based thermal power stations located within the city limit .
Of the total emission of about मोटरवाहनों tonnes per day the atmosphere in Delhi is about मोटरवाहनों tonnes ( 60 per cent ) of the exhaust elements .
The most common cause of pollution is the accumulation of exhaust fumes especially during winter months which creates serious respiratory disorders . "
The severity of air pollution in Calcutta is by no other town .
Calcutta is one of the most polluted cities in the world .
In Calcutta the maximum concentration of वायु per cent is तेहरान per day compared to 360 वायु in Teheran 255 . / m in Teheran 255 . / m in London and 23 माइक्रोग्राम per cent in London .
Chennai is one of the four उद्योगों which has undergone the consequences of polluted air though its greatest influence appears in north Chennai where industries are उद्योगों .
Hyderabad is severely affected by polluted air with 194 of smoke and exhaust fumes spreading over 194 sq kms of the city and its neighbourhood.
The quantity of pollutants discharged by automobile exhausts is estimated to be about 450 tonnes per day and the sky is always grey such that a resident of the city cannot see the stars clearly .
It is significant to note that the amount of lead in blood is higher in smokers than in non - smokers .
Among the particulate pollutants asbestos needs a special mention .
The use of asbestos has increased है during the last 30 years .
Used primarily as roofing in buildings and for insulating brake and clutch हवा in automobiles asbestos content in the air has also grown .
Another dreaded disease caused by polluted air containing dust particles is धूल or धूल .
It is a common dust - related disease .
Workers in mines and in industries like खनन खनन उद्योग cutting and sand blasting run a risk of contacting this disease which in its early stages shows no symptoms .
क्षयरोग is often combined with tuberculosis.
Air pollution on plants has direct effect on leaves and stems.
The indirect effect of pollution on plants is through the roots when solids अम्लीकृत with pollutants are absorbed .
They interact with other plant stresses such as frost or drought and aggravate the condition.
Trees and shrubs are reportedly drying in the महल of the Imperial Palace in Japan .
In the northern Federal Republic of Czechoslovakia polluted air from brown - coal areas have dried up crops around and damaged forests .
There are three pollutants of prime concern to the farmers : Sulphur dioxide यौगिक compounds and fog .
Only a few cells are affected the leaf becomes brownish red in colour or its original green colour .
This effect is called हैं .
In the same year he echoed this sentiment in his famous song which is today the national anthem of India .
All the gloom and despondency sorrows and sorrow suffering and sorrow suffering and sorrow whether they belong to the outer world or inner worlds or within which Rabindra spent his life as a free and अवसाद bird in the following decade .
Fifty - one of these 157 songs were later translated by him into English and published in the English book of that name which made him world famous .
They are too well - known to need any introduction or commentary .
The आवरण come in the way of our union ; they मिलन between them and me ; their jingling में will drown our breath . "
The love of God and love of man strength in sorrow and humility in joy an innocent wonder that hides thousands of ideas invest these nights which are united and eternal and with a message .
The very first poem in this volume strikes the keynote of the poet ' s mood - but I shall never celebrate my attainment .
Dr डाक्टर हैं views this problem from another .
He says the depletion of the ozone layer causes direct space probes and not just the cause of chlorofluorocarbons produced by the aerosol cans and the refrigeration industries .
She says that every time a rocket is fired into space ; it leaves 70 - 150 tonnes of chlorine in the atmosphere .
In the 1980s about 500 rockets and space शटल were sent every year to space ; it reached 1 500 by 1989 .
से of the ozone layer may also be due to the presence of oxides of nitrogen in the atmosphere ( particularly nitric oxide which originates from the high - flying aircraft and from automobile emissions .
Extensive use of nitrates as fertilisers leads to the production of large quantities of नाइट्रोजन oxide which subsequently gets converted into nitric oxide .
नाइट्रिक oxide attacks the ozone ( औ3 ) and converts it into oxygen .
It is reported that with the addition of क्लोरोफ्लोरोकार्बन ( क्लोरोफ्लोरोकार्बन ) the global temperature will rise from 0. 5 to 0.5 with severe consequences .
There are 66 thermal power stations in India which generate about 3 - 4 million tonnes per annum or 1 lakh tonnes of fly ash per day .
With the expected increase in power plants in thermal power capacity the tonnage of fly ash is estimated to reach about 5 lakh tonnes a day .
Such enormous amounts of fly ash should not be wasted but converted into useful uses .
Research is being carried out to convert this fly into Portland - राख cement concrete blocks bricks and cellular concrete .
Old engines and equipments increase the smoke .
They must be either set right or if possible replaced with new ones.
For every industry likely to cause air pollution control equipments such as वायु वायु and filter .
Thermal power plants and other industries releasing fly ash need to incorporate ताप संयत्रों in their process itself .
Mere adoption of pollution control measures is not enough .
In the Bhopal gas tragedy the गैस at least 4 000 people died and thousands of people lost .
Several thousand people became blind .
Who is to blame this tragedy ?
How did such a tragedy occur ?
The lethal methyl रिसकर . - LRB - मिक - RRB - which had sneaked from the storage tanks of Union Carbide ' s दुर्घटना factory .
The leaking बाहर mingled with the ambient air and poisoned it .
The poisoned air sprawled and spread its मानव to hook the lives of human beings.
Years have rolled by but the people of Bhopal still fear him .
A report by the Indian Council of गैस Research reveals that the sufferings of the afflicted continue continue to be faced .
The pH is an index of hydrogen ion concentration of a liquid .
The pH of water is less than 7 when it is acidic and when it is above 7 it is alkaline .
The pH range of acid rain - water is 2 - 5 .
Thus water with pH 4 is more corrosive 10 times than water with pH 5 .
Water with pH 3 is still more corrosive 100 times than water with a pH 5.
If this is the case then one can imagine the corrosive nature of acid rain with a pH ranging between. 2 and 3 .
The lowest pH value recorded for a storm in the northeastern United States was 2. 1 during November 1964 .
The lowest ever recorded in Europe is 2. 4 which was reported to be as acidic as वर्षा in यूरोप a Scottish highland town.
Still lower pH value of acid rain water was observed during 1983 at पश्चिमी in West Virginia United States .
In India rain was recorded at Greater Mumbai in 1974 - 75 .
The problem of most of our cities is that the old power plants have not yet installed high chimneys and continue to emit sulphur सल्फर nitrogen oxides remain even more difficult to control and the problem of acid rain continues to rise .
What has taken human beings for decades and Nature millennia to evolve is being impoverished and destroyed in a matter of a few years . "
वर्षा Effects of Acid Rain The acid rain can retard the growth of crops and plants damage natural forests and pose serious health problems associated with respiration for man.
In Germany Switzerland and Sweden about half of the natural forests are dead or are dying and about 60 per cent of the trees in Britain are सड .
In agriculture these chemicals are used to protect plants from pathogens and diseases and to treat seeds .
These chemicals developed over the last three decades are useful to man but at the same time they have created a host of environmental problems .
DDT has saved many lives by killing malaria and other disease - carrying mosquitoes but this is when DDT accumulates in the bodies of fish amphibians birds and other wildlife .
To increase agricultural production a number of पीडक were used which led to the resurgence of pests with more resistance.
This necessitated the use of a large number of पीडकनाशी drugs making the residue of almost all agricultural कृषि .
मां सब्जियों vegetables milk , mother ' s milk , fish and meat are found .
The quantities of these यौगिक are more abundant than the acceptable limit by the World Health Organization . The most commonly used पानी are the यौगिक or पानी compounds .
Most of these are fat.
Toxic metals : This category includes metals such as mercury cadmium कैडमियम lead कैडमियम chromium तांबा copper and arsenic ; each will be discussed separately .
People have recently woken up to the threat posed by mercury poisoning in the air .
Natural waters contain only a few parts per billion of mercury.
Mercury enters the biosphere as a waste product during the production of chlorine when mercury is used as an विद्युत in the जल of जल .
Apart from the oil refineries plastic and battery manufacturing industries also contribute to mercury pollution .
The dangers of exposure to mercury were first discovered in the nineteenth century when hat - makers sounded like पारे and vague उच्चारण .
Due to excessive amounts of mercury hat - makers became susceptible to impairment of the central nervous system .
In the early 1950s hundreds of people died of mercury poisoning at मर in Japan .
In the little and handsome शहर city there was a disease called बीमारी which devoured scores of men and women and children .
In the beginning 400 were killed by this disease which had afflicted the nervous system of people in 1950 .
I am walking for hours on the bank of the river in search of a boat which has not yet returned to its west but appears to me to be half - blown by a इमारत of a इमारत '
At last on 27 May 1912 Rabindranath sailed for London accompanied by his son रवीन्द्रनाथ and daughter - in - law रवीन्द्रनाथ .
In 1910 he had visited India and during his stay in Calcutta he was informed of the artists brothers कलाकार भाइयों and कलकत्ता .
I asked him beforehand whether I could draw him " indeed with a remarkable and graceful personality combined with his inner revolution and with my pencil I tried to assess his beauty .
A city gets water supply from a distance whereas sewage enters nearby मलजल
The मलजल and आक्सीजन components present in sewage cause a depletion of dissolved oxygen in the receiving water .
Deficiency of oxygen leads to a strong reaction .
The presence of large quantities of suspended matter causes serious problems because it gets deposited on the river - bed or behind की as mud .
When the suspended matter is of more organic nature putrefaction sets off .
As a result the solid wastes with objectionable odour are तैरने up by gas and float on the surface .
The pathogenic bacteria cause cholera typhoid fever and पेचिश dysentery .
London has a classic instance .
Sewage turned the river मैले into a mass of filth with 20,000 people dying in cholera outbreaks in 1849 and 1853 .
During this period typhoid epidemics hit many cities in the USA .
Agricultural Pollutants in Water Sewage is not the only source of excess nutrients in surface water .
Modern agricultural mechanization and a number of synthetic fertilisers and herbicides have also contributed to the environmental degradation .
Chemical fertilisers are also often washed out of the soil by rains .
They eventually drain into streams and rivers where they nourish the algae as effectively as they would have nourished the farmer ' s crops in the fields .
There are three major pollutants under this category : जानवरों जानवरों and animal waste .
In recent years the use of fertilisers has increased .
Fertilizers generally contain one or more nutrients from plants such as nitrogen phosphorous and potassium .
Application of excess fertilisers than what is required is washed and ultimately joins water sources .
Among the fertilisers nitrates cause undesirable effects on rivers and lakes .
The सागर Sagar ( किन्नेरेट Lake ) fed by the river Jordan provides इसराइल Israel a third water supply .
कृषि from the agricultural areas around Jordan have been flowing into the lake and causing यूट्रोफिकेशन .
The same is true of detergent phosphates which pass through the sewage to break down to टूटकर .
वनस्पतियां is the enrichment of nutrient salts and development of a richer and more varied वनस्पतियां .
The process is also known as ' algae.
These excessive growths later decay to produce foul आक्सीजन with a resultant increase in the demand for oxygen .
About 50 - 70 per cent of phosphorous flowing into lakes and rivers of the USA each year comes from the breakdown of detergent विभाजन .
Europe ' s आक्सीजन Lake is also the problem where as a result of 2500 per cent increase in phosphorous since 1920 has been reduced to two - thirds of its oxygen.
Increase in cows buffaloes and poultry population has been the cause of water pollution .
जीव wash - waters of cattle and poultry farms contain phosphates organic matter , bacteria and other micro - organisms which over the years cause जीव .
The most remarkable instance is the alcohol factory .
Another major contributor is विद्युत wastes which are normally stored inside the factory premises .
Though stored in the premises the wastes percolate through the soil and heavily contaminate the adjoining wells.
These are easy to see in areas where the tanneries चमडा and a large number of fabric mills are located .
For instance in Tamil Nadu such scenes are quite common in Tamil Nadu .
All that passes through the area can see the frothy colourful pools of effluents stagnating on either side of the road and emanating a foul odour.
These pools along with small streams of effluents running over agricultural lands have rendered almost 1 000 wells a source of irrigation and drinking water .
When Tagore arrived there he first remembered रोथेन्स्टाइन he knew that रोथेन्स्टाइन s poems were of interest and he had handed over the notebook in which he had translated his poems .
'That evening writes Rothenstein I read the poems .
It seemed to me that the poems of a somewhat different kind were composed by the great mystics .
What Yeats felt about the lost reading of these poems he wrote in the Introduction to the India Society of London ' संख्यक ' My own version of लंदन ' I read the manuscript of translated poems with myself for several days .
येट्स appreciation of these poems encouraged Rothenstein 'to call a few important writers on his residence at आवास on the evening of 30 June when Yeats read out the verses of his choice .
It was here that Tagore first met C . एप who later became his lifelong friend and colleagues .
Andrews ? who was at that time a missionary of Cambridge मिशनरी writes that memorable evening I returned with H. W. नेविन्सन .
I wanted to be alone and think in silence of the nobility and mysteries .
When I left आकाश I reached the आसमान the sky was clear and the white sky became as white as the Indian surroundings.
Commenting on the publication of ' येट्स ' s poems ' येट्स Pound wrote : ' It ' s more than a month ago when I मि मि was shown in a room of great poets .
It is very difficult to begin from where we have suddenly found a new Greece .
Just as I could see in Europe in the days before the Renaissance in Europe such a पुनर्जागरण पुनर्जागरण seems to me a calm मशीनीकरण almost to be felt between the मशीनीकरण of यूरोप .
And it is here that there is a great deal of difference between the western concept where with the great dramatic preparation we must be shown that man is attempting to conquer nature .
It is unlike the Greek man in which man has been regarded as the favourite or toy of the angels and the two are caught in the clutches of destinies and when I take leave of Tagore I have a hard stone .
All I need do is to say that these poems were in a way overwhelmed by the exaltation of a sense which seems to me in the way of one and forty things the western life was creating the noise of the city the storm .
" If there is any error in these poems - I do not think there is any such thing and if they have any merit it is not very favourable to the common reader for that which they are very pious .
And I have nothing but pity for the readers who are unable to see that their piety is the poetic piety of Dante and that it is very good . "
Tagore was then not in London ; when Gitanjali was published .
Though his stay in England during this visit was not very long it lasted for more than four months but was very busy and fruitful thanks to the इंग्लैंड .
Among the important people he met there were Bernard Shaw A . G. Wells Bertrand Russell Bridges John गॉल्सवर्दी रसेल Robert Bridges John मैसफील्ड मैसफील्ड जान मूर जान जान जान मूर एच and हडसन हडसन .
He himself was greatly impressed by him and along with his new friends he drew up the springs of ideas with an extension of his vision ; Tagore himself wrote ' Those who knew only English in India .
Rothenstein moved to the India Society to publish a selection of Tagore ' s poems for its members and Yeats agreed to write a preface .
Thus गीतांजलि ' अंग्रेजी ' s first English edition with अंग्रेजी was published much before the popular edition by मैकमिलन .
Traffic noise blaring horns loudspeakers that चीरते the air and film songs and religious songs and discourses cause needless noise in the cities .
There are three major sources of noise pollution .
Traffic .
Community activities ( entertainment , construction etc .
औद्योगिक of industrial noise particularly from mechanical गैस and gas बर्मों may be unbearable and may lead to trouble for the public .
Most noise is caused by traffic system .
The latest aspect of aeroplane noise is noise from aircraft .
It causes great damage to property as well as human beings .
According to रक्त ( 1970 ) noise reduces the amount of blood pumped from the heart .
Here it is necessary to point out the तंत्रिका reaction " which suddenly affects our nervous system and psycho - physical efficiency .
Even our optical system is not spared.
There are some harmful effects on the spread of the puppets ; appearance.
Noise is also an effect on sleep and work performance which is more pronounced on watch - repair मरम्मत and other people in work including:
For example noise from a fan can be reduced by increasing the number of blades or by reducing the हवा speed without losing the air .
It is time for us to look at the seriousness of the situation and thus enable us to live on this earth for our future conflicts .
It is true that man wants to live and for that he must be able to breathe air and drink .
He should have clean blue sky clean rivers and lush green forests .
Environment is the priceless gift of nature .
Protection of environment and maintenance of ecological balance is our main duty .
We must keep the earth lush green so that we can live together in an atmosphere free from pollution .
We must protect the environment to protect ourselves .
Otherwise the day is not far when man himself is an endangered species .
As far as an असंबद्ध person is concerned he can easily understand through the translation that there is no exaggeration.
And it is certain that no poet in Europe since the death of Goethe in 1832 can rival Tagore in noble humanity in unaffected greatness in classical peace . "
In fact there is no special difference between the tropical lower regions of Bengal and the snow - capped highlands of Scandinavia in physical climate and social environments.
These poems had an indelible impact on the mind of the fifteen - year - old unknown young boy who had been living in a corner of Ireland who in course of time wrote the Nobel Peace Prize for his own novel उपन्यास - युवा .
What is this an enviable god ; he the Lord of Tagore : The Great Friend the Beloved of the कमल कमल an unknown man playing a lute in the boat clinging to the river .
Nowadays our God in the West is either the Director of the Big All World Firm Inc. or the primitive imaginary इंक of the childish mind .
He is the one we cry to in the hours of precipitate danger and in the hour of our death .
For it is Tagore ' s spiritual vision which will continue to remain constant and might be the only eastern wonder of the western mind in the years to come. "
With his long sojourn in the West Tagore ' s sympathies extended much more and less than ever before ; it inspired his intellectual and spiritual comprehension and understanding of his great achievement to the western mind .
The six days that Gandhi spent in Santiniketan during this visit were the foundation of a life - long friendship between Tagore and modern India for which the two great personalities drew together to lessen the banner of communism .
Beneath the mask of what seemed contrary was a kinship so deep and seemingly dull that only they were aware of it or were loved by them with their usual friends and admirers of exceptional sensibility like an Andrews or a Jawaharlal .
The so - called disciples or शिष्य followers of both saw mostly the आवरण that came to light on the cover or on the head of the शिष्य they were an मुस्कान smile behind it .
Because of his characteristic intuitive objective material and practical way Gandhi looked around him adding the hand of friendship to all and made his finger in the lower - eye places and thereby told the आश्रमवासियों how he could achieve his ideals .
They told them that they should do everything in their own without sacrificing a worker at the village level they should keep it safe as they should serve their bodies and clean them .
Little children always participated enthusiastically and the students and teachers - both welcomed Gandhi ' s advice .
When Tagore was told of it he smiled and said that the experiment contained the key to Swaraj.
And so on 10 March 1915 the experiment was inaugurated .
On the following day रंगून Gandhi left for Rangoon .
Though the experiment did not last for long neither Gandhi nor Tagore was surprised .
Tagore was aware of the fact that what he did would be misunderstood in the eyes of some of his countrymen and that he would never निंदा for his reformist behaviour and be रूढिवादिता for his orthodoxy .
He knew this and was hurt by public criticism .
The politicians were ignorant of the art of देशभक्ति how men were condemned and so were unhappy that they did not win the hearts of the people who had never forgave them for their दिलों .
Tagore ' s pen whether it was मंडित proud or in the light of the goodwill of his popularity and it was extremely sensitive to unjust criticism and often unjust if the criticism was not committed .
For the last few days I had been suffering from profound depression and weariness .
But I am sane and cheerful now and I shall live another hundred years if critics allow me to spared me .
At that time I was physically upset so the least hurt I was perfectly absurd.
Nevertheless I am glad that there is still a child in me who has the urge for sweets of human acceptance .
I must not feel myself too far above my critics .
After his address to the Academy the Archbishop of उपसाला said " The Nobel Prize for literature is intended for the writer who combines in himself the artist and the prophet .
None has fulfilled this condition better than Rabindranath . "
The strain physical and mental strain of his German tour affected his health and he longed to return to Santiniketan .
As the acquaintance ripened his admiration of Tagore knew no bounds.
In 1930 he wrote : रवीन्द्रनाथ I have had the opportunity of meeting him Tagore is the greatest of them .
He is greater than his world ' s fame and his place in India .
Tagore was deeply impressed not only by the warmth and hospitality of the common citizen but also by his philosophical and metaphysical questions .
Tagore went to Vienna to give two lectures from Germany and then to Prague where his visit to Prague took place in his friendship with जर्मनी जर्मनी M . विन्टरनित्स and V. विश्वभारती both of whom were later invited to be the guest at Visva - Bharati .
Prof. जीवनी was the first Sanskrit scholar to translate Tagore ' s works from Bengali and he also wrote a biography of the poet which was later translated and published in English .
Because of these contacts and friendships Tagore retained a very warm affection for Czechoslovakia .
Though his visit was stimulating he was घर and he returned to India in July 1921 after a gap of fourteen months .
They were possibly confused when they returned to India for peace and solitude .
The play opens with King प्रजा ' s subjects preparing for a festival in honour of the दानवी proud of their success and whose consequences are guaranteed to die poor people .
The Crown Prince however professes open हमदर्दी with die subject people and rebels against die callousness of his own country .
His character in drama largely brings out psychological interest : his yearning for freedom and justice lies in a just battle .
He succeeded.
The social conflicts of the play are eventually lost in the sense of mystic exaltation . as in some of Ibsen ' s later plays .
Tagore had the character of an ascetic का who was more or less like a portrait of Mahatma Gandhi in his previous play .
In that play as in the case of the play Dhananjaya प्रजा the subject people to resist the unjust pressure of the king .
He risked घर at home and suffered ridicule and ताने for this purpose.
A greater sacrifice was the risk he took to exposing his creative leisure and spiritual poise to the clamour of the market .
Is this so sensitive plant that had so far exposed to the protective shade of comparative गुमनामी - LRB - or may I - RRB - ?
The poet was losing to the prophet the singer the preacher the devotee to the missionary .
The meaning of the narrow span of a song was dissolving in the endless preaching over the wide span of the world .
He was so sensitive and true that he was anxious about the plight of the house as his एंड्रयूज wrote from Chicago on 26th February 1921 ( which seemed to be the acceptance of a crime ) .
When I came to this world I had nothing but a flute and it was only used to play music .
I left my school and neglected my work ; but I had saved my flute and played it as a विद्यालय .
her music
He was personally friendly and friendly though he was generally frank with his views on the war and the struggle against the national rivalries and the fetish of indiscriminate worship of worldly progress he soon disarmed hostile criticism and won over many progressive intellectuals .
Tagore returned to India in the latter half of July via Japan where he stayed for six weeks .
His visit to China and Japan was the first conscious attempt in the history of Asia to formulate the idea of the oneness of Asia in Shanghai in September of the same year .
हुए about the incident ' s code of Christian Science Monitor wrote : " The trend of major movements for establishing Asiatic amity among the peoples of Asian countries has been आंदोलनों by Tagore .
The new idea seems to be the establishment of the Asiatic Association the first of which is located in Shanghai but Tagore ' s teachings were आभार to inspire the movement .
It is a strange fact in India ' s independence that the later assembly which Tagore held on his own soil was not even named after him .
politicians have a very weak memory .
Hardly two months at home then again to the other side of the world .
The occasion was an invitation from the Republic of Peru to attend the centenary celebrations of her attainment of independence .
होकर he smiled and said " Come let ' s make a difference .
Take my flower and give me your customary fruit . "
I looked at her and found she was ruthless in her beauty .
He picked up the load of my fruits and smiled .
All her flowers I held to my heart .
The sun had risen to the mid - sky and the heat was swift .
Sixteen years later before the poet ' s death his memory was still fresh when the old वृद्ध and looking forward to his end had shifted to his last poems ( , ) .
Once again I would like to follow my path to foreign places where the message of love was waiting for me .
The dreams of yesterday will wing their way back and forth in their new nest.
The so - gifted brother who had been his friend and adviser during the critical years of adolescence moved him greatly by his death .
He had suffered so many bereavements that death had ceased to be a stranger.
Tagore always like a respected रवीन्द्रनाथ cordial and और brought him to his room equipped with the latest flowers in his room Mahatma रवीन्द्रनाथ and asked ' What brought me to this bride ' s room ?
Gandhi ' s visit was both successful and failed in its object .
If he had thought that he would convince Tagore that the चरखा was an essential instrument for improving the economic condition of the villages and must have disappointed.
On the other hand let each such meeting and ideas though the two had differences of opinion the relationship between the two made up of them and their द्वंद्व and nature which showed the duality .
Tagore wrote a personal letter assuring him that even if you have hit me as a true cause it will mean a personal bond of mutual respect between us .
There was a deep - rooted prejudice in the Indian society whether Hindu or Muslim women should not come to the stage .
With the staging of this play in Calcutta in January 1927 Tagore made a bold assault on this prejudice by recruiting the entire cast from among girl students of the university and ladies of good families whom he himself trained and पूर्वाभ्यास .
Some were happy at Mussolini ' s respect for him and partly for his colourful personality and its impact on an ancient and lively culture Tagore accepted the invitation of Italy and sailed for इटली on 15 May 1926 .
As he himself put it " I am here to learn or read from outside not criticise .
I am glad to see a man whose movement will always be remembered in history . "
Fascism will be remembered in history .
At the same time रवीन्द्रनाथ was a great man ; राजनीतिज्ञों was an illusion which Tagore temporarily shared with many shrewd and seasoned politicians of the time .
On his arrival in मुसोलिनी he was received by the chief officials of the city with a message of welcome from Mussolini .
On 7 June the Governor of Rome held a public reception in the capital where he conveyed the greetings of the Eternal City .
His trip to Germany was once again very hectic and he received many respects from wherever he went ; President रवीन्द्रनाथ also welcomed him along with his visit to England .
भी in the garden attached to the sanatorium is still a पौधा of his visit .
But there they did not last long for they had to go ahead .
After the conference and lecture engagements in भीड एथेन्स एथेन्स एथेन्स and एथेन्स एथेन्स the Greek government decorated the सरकार of the एथेन्स .
In Tagore ' s honour the proceedings of the Turkish Parliament were frozen and King रवीन्द्रनाथ provided him with a collection of Arabic books for Visva - Bharati .
One would imagine that during this long and hectic tour during which he had taken ill more than once ; the poet might have been content to enjoy the seclusion and peace of Santiniketan for which he had longed so long .
Peace and glory are rarely found together and when they meet they soon leave each other .
In Java he met among others the late President राष्ट्रपति then a young revolutionary youth .
They were greatly impressed by the dance drama of Java and Bali and their affinity towards the traditions of India made the boats that had grown in the art of spinning and शिल्पियों in many parts of India .
After a brief visit to Thailand where he delivered a lecture on Education at the University in Bangkok he returned to India in December in order to participate in the annual celebrations at Santiniketan.
Once again he prepared to leave for abroad on receipt of an invitation from Oxford University to deliver the ऑक्सफोर्ड Lectures but the voyage had to be abandoned as he fell ill on arrival in Madras .
After a week when Annie Besant visited the Adyar city and spent some time in the pleasant surroundings of इंग्लैंड he sailed for Ceylon hoping to recoup his health and take a ship from there to England .
On the way he landed at Pondicherry to visit Sri Aurobindo Ghosh whom he had met during his revolutionary political activity .
Today when I saw him seated in a poise of calm wisdom I repeated . " Aurobindo रवीन्द्र Aurobindo accept the salutation of रवीन्द्र "
He stayed in Colombo for ten days but when his health broke नहीं he gave up all the hopes of going to England and returned to his motherland he spent three weeks at मातृभूमि his old friend philosopher and guide Sir मैसूर मैसूर a इंग्लैंड .
Then came the blow .
I shivered and asked in और What more?
Is still the final power fall ?
I asked him Is that the final ?
Nothing else ?
My fear fell .
As your thunderbolt गिरने above you seemed so much bigger than me when you came down to strike me you shrunk to my level and I ceased to be the same .
You may be great but not greater than death .
Now I am the only one who is greater than death .
And think it ' s my final statement . "
All the agony and the pain he had received Tagore the full share of all these and the fear of death was far worse than the disease of the body .
दुख and defeat are parts of life and they must be accepted with manly dignity .
उनके of कुत्ते or कुत्ते like a beaten कुत्ते in his nature many poets have रोष their anger or compassion for भीख .
They never became sentimental but never for others they never sought compassion for themselves .
His most important feeling was his love of life .
The joy of living and exercising his sensibilities was to him a gift divinely dispensed for whom he was ever grateful .
The night had passed and the world had its petals पंखुरियां .
It has seen many धूल dust.
Ever since he looks back to his past his beloved Muse has always made him cry to him repeatedly in various forms and figures of life that have made his mark of joy and sorrow and countless other facets .
Must he still keep on pouring himself out completely ?
The above and several other poems are संस्मरण ' some are deep and deep poems : They are delightful as well as a beautiful poem of poetry ; a single issue on which we have been described has been won by many others by दुख .
As the title indicates he thought that it was the climax of his creative life .
But this was the end of his career with , which began eighteen years ago in 1914 .
It was a beautiful side which could be described as both the beginning and the end .
Another phase was to begin with the gift of , a gift he had met when he saw his Muse the smiling lady half - veiled smiling lady half - veiled waiting with an empty basket in her hand .
Only then did the ageing poet return into his youth and with that enthusiasm driven him back to new directions and again set about in discovering the ingredients of music in prose the simple way of finding it in the real light of the real light .
No matter how hard the land the जमीन the जमीन the जमीन the जमीन and the जमीन they all crossed their poetic abode and are crossing it to reach the most beautiful meadows .
This was proved by him in four outstanding works : Postscript 1932 1932 1932 ( 1935 ) .
The urge to preach and to reform the world also became calm .
He had also written once that the preacher was a professional person who propagated a particular kind of ideology ; his customer knows it at any time .
His answers which he gets into the habit of producing gradually lose their living existence ; they fear his own faith in his प्राणहीन ' s weight .
I feel that such accidents often दुर्घटनाएं and become entangled in people ' s हैं particularly those who are good and are not always prepared to sign the cheque for charity and good .
Therefore I think it is the supreme thing to be a poet because the poet is faithful to his best moments or experiences that is true and not to the needs of others . "
Such golden moments were waiting for him to gather and it was lucky for him and his readers that he had to stay back in his own country - above his natural surroundings .
You have been a true friend for you have been a candid friend often speaking your thoughts frankly .
I would like your blessings if you approve of my effort from the heart .
It will give me strength . "
But even before the letter was despatched he received the poet ' s telegram : " It is well worth sacrificing precious life for India ' s unity and her social oneness .
We will follow your sublime penance with the heart of pain with reverence and love . "
But the poet could not keep himself away and on September 24 he left for Poona. to meet the Mahatma at पुणे Jail .
Meanwhile the British Government accepted the principal demands and made a settlement . The Mahatma broke his fast on 26th September when he was in jail .
Mahatma Gandhi in his public statement said " The fast had been started in the name of God and is now dissolved in the presence of Gurudev . "
This was the original song of the song of Gitanjali . . . . . .
At the instance of the Calcutta University Tagore acquired the Chair of Bengali in which capacity he delivered a series of lectures.
At the same time he set up a project under his supervision for the preparation of a technical and scientific dictionary in Bengali of which he was very enthusiastic about fifty years ago in his youth .
At different places where a number of important lectures were also made he wrote two new plays the first one being नाटक - - a beautiful farce based on his very first story अछूत and अछूत .
This simple popular story in which the Buddha ' s मनोवैज्ञानिक seeks to free his disciple from the magic net of a कन्या - girl has been transformed by Tagore into a psychological drama of spiritual significance .
It was no more a story of a proud woman नारी of her but of a sensitive and proud girl she had risen to the status of a woman who had awakened from her birth to a level of deep affection .
Both these plays were staged in Calcutta in September months .
Soon thereafter he delivered a lecture at Calcutta University on the top of the verse and then after that he left for Bombay with some students and artists in Santiniketan and joined it by a poet Sarojini Naidu in his रवींद्र week .
The lectures delivered at the Andhra University were later published as Man.
From there they went to Hyderabad where the Nizam welcomed him and prior to this he gave a huge donation to opening a Islamic Department at Visva - Bharati which Tagore returned to Calcutta at the end of December and returned to his famous पथिक .
Seeing a woman younger and healthy by her husband ' s place in the garden . assumed the worst and was wild with jealousy.
She does n ' t even try to hide her वह it भडक him and keeps him frightened .
He was generous when he was happy but now he becomes unjust and unjust .
चित्त from her body and the pettiness in the की of the mind which made her entangled in the destiny which शक्तिहीन and paralysed our capacity for love and करने
से . is a witty play but with brilliant dialogues it है .
It . eloquent on the कलकत्ता behaviour and arrogance of Calcutta .
The play has never been staged by the author though the scheme of its presentation was once planned and staged a considerable suspicion of its output .
The characters described in this book were unknown and yet heard mostly .
His love affair was gradually picked up as an intellectual but weak in his conception .
Not only his body but also his heart was rapidly changing .
Returning to Santiniketan at the beginning of January 1934 he received a fortnight later Jawaharlal Nehru and his wife Kamala .
Poet Laureate Jawaharlal Nehru ' s bold patriotism बौद्धिक rational outlook and appreciation of international sympathy a meeting was held in honour of him and his wife .
Meanwhile on 15 January north India was rocked by an earthquake of great severity causing great damage to life and property in many districts of Bihar .
Gandhiji was at that time touring south India saying in a public meeting he said that this calamity was a divine का for the sin of untouchability .
A man like me cannot help feeling that this earthquake is a भूकंप against the sin of untouchability.
I am convinced that there is a अस्पृश्यता Yoga formula between this earthquake and the untouchability movement in Bihar .
He was amazed at the efforts made by the Mahatma to spread the sin among the common people like the priests and at a public meeting saying रवीन्द्रनाथ this was a great deal of regret that the injustice done to them by the सामाऋक .
The university which came to him as his favourite university was no longer the shadow of a huge जीवन the last year of his life was मु and great .
The grown - ups on the other hand were चिंता by the University of Santiniketan and it was not likely that the rich people in this country had lost their money or the gifts to the University and found money in various statements .
To do this he had to organise training groups of actors and dancers who could stage his plays and dance and make a stage in other cities .
This was not the only reason .
The artist in him was determined to see his own creations on the stage .
Unlike his other works his songs alone can be enjoyed as a whole .
So the whole country was overcome by the unusual spectacle of the venerable poet seer के a band of performing artists के नर्तकों dancers .
His two novels काव्य and काव्य ( 1934 ) 1934 ( published in 1934 ) are काव्य ( 1934 ) and two books ( काव्य ) and काव्य ( 1932 ) and two books ( काव्य ) and 1932 ( 1933 ) .
Of the five remaining volumes of prose four were prose - poems a form which he had occasionally experimented earlier but which he now took to writing in a systematic manner .
He started it with ' Postscript ' published soon after ' पुनश्च ' in 1932 .
It consists of a variety of subjects and the varied moods and the three other volumes of prose in which were later written some of them some of them some of them some of them some of them some of the most serious or metaphysical .
Some of the first men are पुरुष in the singular though it is not necessary that whatever happens in the first person singular may be recorded .
Once he had to face with a scholar from the south .
He saw that his turban पगडी whom he wanted to wear and go to the assembly was soiled he took it to जसीम रंगरेजन .
लडकी told his youngest daughter अमीना He washed it off the canal nearby .
After washing it घास saw a line of verse written by घास when it was set to dry it on grass .
The peacock the peacock the मोर मोर ( मोर ) is adorned with रंगीन on my head ; he drew coloured threads from his hut and touched it on the second line of the poem ( हृदय ) ताई ( heart ) .
When the Pandit came to fetch his turban he saw the dyer ' s daughter standing there .
Then he said ' हृदय ' तूने ' तूने ' you ' transformed the arrogance of my intellect into wisdom of the heart .
What shall I do then?
Where else is my place ?
Even after writing the letter Tagore felt that he had much more to say for him and that he should write on paper and give vent to his feelings .
His first poem is full of regrets that he could not easily identify her ( ? ) ; his wife Mrinalini was there when she was with him .
He did not care for his love and devotion and naturally understood it .
As per his birthday ( . . . ' in Bengali calender he surveyed his long life in deep meditation and in such a way that he did not go till this time he again sees the glory of the great world as he did .
All around are the shifting sands of भंगुरता - भंगुरता and i . e . in the midst of these I feel in the midst of my heart the stillness of the Infinite . "
She was छू by her childhood companion who was so fond of her and suddenly there was a सरसराहट noise and her presence felt as if you were to touch her breath . "
He said " I am not here ?
Can you not see me ?
Our school was rushing forward madly with arithmetic and grammar books quick .
The maps were दीवार on the wall as if the birds were पंख their wings .
The bells were ringing की without any bell .
If he wanted to go to Delhi . Lahore or Agra we had to put a turban on his head and horned shoes on his feet .
And if he wants to run away to England all of them will become अंग्रेज coated and boot British ?
Three volumes of serious verse followed by पद्य i . e . 1940 ( 1939 ) 1940 ( 1940 ) and 1940 ( 1940 ) .
In these volumes the sombre quality of धरती ' was विषादपूर्ण for the memory of the प्रदेश and संत्रास of the प्रदेश and the poet was once more confident in the soft arms of the earth .
Many of his characters in his dramas and novels who are either mere types or his own के characters are far more convincing and vivid and some of them almost unforgettable .
He wrote in one of his letters : " If I do nothing else but write short stories it will please some of my readers .
The reason for this joy is that the stars become my companions they join me when I turn myself into a room during the monsoon days and they often march along the banks of the बारिश river in the sunshine .
Since morning a petulant little girl named लडकी has entered my imaginary world . "
In Bengali literature the girl नारीत्व is one of the most lovable specimens of Indian womanhood.
यौवन for the futile youth and the injured ideal the कलियों which blossomed मुरझा and वह eloquent to the अहंमन्यता of man ' s egoism and social and religious rituals which अवमानना the living and dead .
Some of them are पतियों पतियों and stand back against the system which has विकृत their lives miserable and perverted their minds ; there are many others who are greedy and they love them .
One of his most romantic heroines is a Muslim princess who gives up everything for the sake of the Hindu general whom she admires and loves.
He remained silent but finally wins his friendship .
He gave a gold ring to which some sweet messages were inscribed .
While bathing in the Ganges it slipped from his finger and was lost .
The lock was no longer there and the key did not fit into it . "
He heard his grandmother ' s short poem reminds her of another bride sitting in the palanquin : a garland of pearls in her neck and a golden पांवों of feet ; since then she ' re - searching the bride who was lost to reach them .
The next volume of poems was कविताओं ( नवजात ) मनोदशा - LRB - नवजात - RRB - which indicates the characteristic mood of the poet though totally absorbed in the world around him and must be associated with it .
While introducing these poems he wrote that his poetry was changing from time to time and again in conformity with the weather .
These poems were a dialogue with the new generation that was created around him .
It is important to point out that these were not written in separate phases but were of a uniform mood or phase .
Many poems published in different volumes were indeed written together .
For example the first poem of अगस्त in which they welcome the new generation was written in August 1938 though published in 1940 .
His transition from mood to mood even from भावदशा to mood was swift and sometimes occurred many times in a day .
These varying moods were later sorted out and published in different volumes.
The poems of कविताएं are comparatively less subjective in mood and reflect his keen interest in the world around .
The themes and metaphors used in these poems make them objective : radio and radio ; railway lines train lines ट्रेन station हवाई and हवाई Indian जहाज Rajasthan.
The poem referred to earlier mocking the Japanese सैनिक praying to Buddha was one of the collections and written in January 1938 .
The climate of menace and aggression in Europe and in Far East and the misuse of the aeroplane as an engine of destruction has biased him against this invention of man .
In his poem entitled Bird - Man he laments that this evil emissary of aggression should have invaded the space which God had reserved for birds .
He was a close and intimate friend of the poet and his death was a great bereavement to the poet .
At a memorial meeting held at Santiniketan he said " I have not seen such a flourishing of Christianity. in any person before he observed that he had never maintained a cause of ill - treatment for the British people and nothing .
There was a time when Andrews was very close to him - one of his principal co - operative सहकारी consultant and friends he could not write to anybody else in English as if he had made such a secret of his heart .
Charles एंड्रयूज Andrews ( C . F ) had an Indian admirer made ईसा of his name as a trusted pupil of Christ ) in many places he expected to leave India in his place as रवीन्द्रनाथ शांतिनिकेतन .
It was for this reason that the active contact between the two had diminished but the old bond was maintained .
Tagore may have seen in his creative हृदय sweetness and sometimes eloquent but in his personal contacts he was very मितभाषी and in such a time when his heart was हृदय and he असंबद्ध .
And so when he felt deeply the loss of his old and trusted friend and kept the grief confined to himself ; except for an occasion when he paid homage to him in a memorial service .
A few days later when he was at Mungpoo he recalled to his hostess that Andrews whenever he was in Santiniketan . when he came to meet him everyday and went round his neck .
The observance of his birthday in that little mountainous village had a simple and austere dignity which could hardly have been possible in a bigger place like Kalimpong much less in a city like Calcutta .
At Mungpoo there were no social or literary celebrities to crowd round him - a गांभीर्य solemnity of his last birthday on earth.
He sat down on the ground burnt an incense and chanted an invocation to the Buddha .
The poet was moved and expressed this feeling by writing a poem the following day .
Listening to that source मनुष्य the supreme man whose birth brought this earth pure and human life to human beings ) discovered that his life also had the blessings of a human soul in the past .
They brought flowers for the poet - LRB - the number of flowers ) .
These poor and illiterate folks who had never read anything of him had this simple gift of love touched the poet ' s heart very deep .
The title of the story is दुराशा i . e . , Hope है व्यंग्य is best portrayed .
What is more vivid is the one in which a Mughal मुगल seeks to avenge the assassination of his father and in an effort it is made to put his heart on the सीना of the demon in whose garb he grows into a आवारा .
Some of them are stories of which some men and women like the gold of men may go on to the other hand and commit themselves to the background of their ambition.
One of these stories is the skeleton which used to hang in the class of young Rabi for lessons in elementary sciences .
Some of the stories lay bare the political helplessness of the people and the callous cynicism of the alien ruler as reported . Such stories also included the story of that great man .
Another story of this kind is a satirical one or a satirical one - and - a - व्यंग्यात्मक nation ( a state of cards ) which was very later developed into a drama under this title the legends of the Indian folk - culture .
One is a पंजा while the other one is पंजा while the queen पंजा is a reddish betel - nut ; a brick and a bird and so on are all चिडिया .
They rise sit down and love each other in strict accordance with strict rules which nobody thinks of right but all of them follow these rules .
We laugh at the विसंगतियों without realising that we are laughing at our own विसंगतियों .
Yet another of his poems published in the same year was his most lucid vivid जीवंत vivid and characteristic - writing in his mind and more than the three stories .
Tagore had accepted his ideas at different levels and expressed them almost simultaneously in creative terms ; he could control these patterns and come from one to another .
Perhaps because he did not fit in with his will he was falling prey to his natural sense of state which was not with him in those moments .
An old and abandoned palanquin lay in a room in his parental house ; it was that of his grandmother ' s mother when the servant who जाकर him went to the afternoon for lunch and sleep .
As if between the discarded palanquin and the neglected child there was a secret sympathy and friendship .
Within the closed shutters of the palanquin safe from all बचकर eyes the child left Belgaum on his dreams.
Sometimes my palanquin becomes a peacock - boat floating far across the ocean till the shore is out of print .
The oars fall into the water with a gentle splash the waves swing and swell around us .
The sailors cry out to us : तूफान तूफान तूफान .
अब्दुल stands in his hands the sailor : his pointed beard shaven दाढी and close - cropped head. I know him as if he comes from the Padma and fish and turtle eggs for my elder brother .
On 7 August the Oxford University was का
On 3 September he attended the Festival of Rain at शांतिनिकेतन : the last time in his life .
On the 19th September he again went to Kalimpong to स्वास्थ्य the natural autumn hills in the East Himalaya .
And in the last week he rested - on a chair watching the silence of autumn with its blue hills and blue in the sky familiar with the sky . "
It ' s past midnight time .
The poem was written on 25 September .
Once again ? steps of the messenger of death came creeping out of the ब्रह्मांड ब्रह्मांड of the universe were heard slowly .
As during the previous trouble there was no adequate medical help and other medical aid which was far away from Calcutta than Kalimpong .
Once he himself had told him how he had been caught in an old deserted cottage in Calcutta and that he was n ' t quite afraid as the room had not been treated for long and had a black leg which he had a सोना to sleep .
They had to pass through their painful experiences like the scorpion ' bite .
The pain disappeared and such weird experiences and exhausted the end of the painful agony by the power of the mind struck but whenever he felt physical pain he पीडा his consciousness from the body .
But in early February when the old energy came back with the advent of फरवरी Spring came back to delight in nature and the joy of life returned to him .
As he was swept away in such sentiments he dictated a memorable poem on 13 February which is a close assessment of his inner feelings and leaving his mind open to his people ' s history .
The poem referred to earlier as the fall of empires and this life of hard - working people has no doubt that in any way the elders had lost their faith in the face of the death of a poet .
Also wrote a few stories and tales about which the story is heard of the शारीरिक tale - one full of interesting imagination and full of wit and पीडा and from whom it seemed almost a waste of human agony .
The following were published in 1941 as Galpa - हुईं ( Tales and Games ) .
It is here that the great news is that there is a need for drastic change in the world .
He thinks Grandfather is playing her हैं : " Your big news is too short . "
This book of parables and tales as well as the poems of the जन्मदिन discussed earlier were published in April 1941 .
The Bengali New Year comes in the middle of this month which as in the past is still celebrated with the poet ' s birthday in Santiniketan ( while in fact it comes on May 7 after three weeks ) to take it .
On that day 14 April 1941 was delivered by the poet to the last public meeting under the title संकट किया .
As I look around I see the crumbling ruins of a proud civilisation strewn like a vast heap of स्तूप .
Yet I will not commit the grievous sin of losing faith in man .
I would rather look forward to a new chapter in its history when the storm will cease and the atmosphere will be rendered blind by service and sacrifice . "
Man ' s destiny - LRB - whether he is good or bad - RRB - who could say his faith in God - LRB - which is very fervently expressed in a new song composed by him in a new instant .
A few days earlier his grandson ठाकुर Tagore was in Calcutta
This offer was like a seed which soon है and developed and the great soul drops on the earth ; its leaves सिहर
His physical torture his पीडा his body ' s pain did not rest till the clock .
His unhappy country was transformed into a vast prison full of कारागार leaders in jail जेल people cowed and hungry .
Day by day their pain increased and every night the fever rose and the nights became increasingly restless.
The team of leading physicians and surgeons who came from Calcutta in turn to Calcutta for his appearance .
The decision upset the patient as he had little faith in the medical treatment and he shivered at the thought of possible atrocities on his body in the name of scientific surgery .
Even Gandhi had to be the king for surgical treatment .
" Why ca n ' t I be killed in peace ?
The moment I feel that time is pulling me near .
But those around him who were also safe for a very valuable life could not be lost .
That is why he घुटने reluctantly and against his tendency .
What better could he do for him than to breathe his last at Santiniketan ; the lovely young men and women of those whom he loved and admired .
Trees which they thought to be more dear to themselves are filled with sorrow and I shall not wish to see these trees again ?
On 25 July he was taken to Calcutta .
This was perhaps the legislation and well for he had to spend the very early days of his life while he was cutting off his last days he was his ancestral home and he had his boyhood .
Two days later he dictated a poem whose brevity concentrated strength and strength of thought were like a mantra by the sun of the first day .
Uttar Pradesh
Tagore ' s words are full of truth that are beyond faith or doubt or are inclusive of both doubt and belief .
The poet says that he knows nothing about the ultimate mysteries of life and the universe .
What is inside and outside of this body ? they are not aware of this fact .
But he was neither a materialist or a भौतिकवादी as the words are used .
He believed that life was greater than death and superior to life ; for man ' s soul was to be connected with nature and the world by a world - wide law and not to understand it आध्यात्मिक .
Basically a man of faith his faith was brave and true for it had been tested in the fire of pain .
It did not rest on the artificial props of borrowed beliefs but was founded in the experience of sorrow and realisation .
The first poem was published at कलक
But at this stage they did not have the opportunity to do so .
Before he could recover from the after - effects of misery his condition became worse and his gradually his consciousness became a mystery .
On 7 August . at ten minutes past midday he breathed his last in the same old मकान house where he had first opened his eyes eighty years and three months ago .
It was the day of the full moon of Sravana the month of rains so often celebrated in his poems and songs .
A few days earlier he had created a song and expressed his wish that it was sung at the time of his death .
These stupas and chaityas show their own distinct regional characteristics which are not found in their contemporary northern and north - western temples .
From the sixth and seventh centuries AD the Hindus and Jains in the south also adopted the stone medium and built the rock - cut cave - temples ; when they cut out single rock and fell into a temple .
This might have been so constructed that the southern region of India remained untouched by external invasions and persecution by which other local states continued to flourish and prosper .
The ancient Hindu and Jain temples also built of royal कारीगरी and by the राजकीय , the Pallava and Pandya kings and many other smaller राजाओं established the tradition of prosperity and trade and other products .
That is why he also made his contribution to this tradition of temple - building which in the south became a series of temples of small temples in कस्बे town and town .
Buddhism almost disappeared as the Hindu temple became a dominating figure and began का Jain ones .
For example Buddha was adopted as the ninth incarnation of Vishnu in the Hindu pantheon in place of Krishna and Krishna was considered as the whole aspect of Vishnu .
It is only then that the evolution of different regional styles into space - time and a perfect study of the similarities and differences between the southern and southern temples and the fact that the two great schools influence each other .
In the following pages an attempt has been made to portray the temples of the south .
For the simplest technical terms of architecture and art too when in the context of the Indian temples a well - known European vocabulary is rarely spoken of in this book which is why only the Sanskrit texts are used for sculpture .
The cult of worship of real objects and human phenomena has been a tradition in a certain place and in a certain way since ancient times in human society .
They also have literary evidences साहित्यिक tradition and material relics that follow through the centuries .
How the well - organised cult of worship was regular in ancient Tamil literature of the ancient period ( AD प्रायद्वीप ) and how it had a regular life ; its image comes to us from a considerable distance in the ancient Tamil land of Kerala .
In the present available literary materials we find many traditions which are still prevalent .
These monuments mostly show the अंत्येष्टि or समाधि places and are found far south of the Vindhya Range .
All these would constitute a class of hypaethral temples that is temples open to the west and devoid of a roof over the object of worship.
The scene has three trees with the bases of two of them enclosed by the enclosure .
The most prominent one on the right is the वेदिका with the railing around it and is shown in worship by two devotees one with folded hands and the other holding his child towards the tree .
This stone slab is described as the प्रस्तर chaitya of वैशाली .
The depiction is probably made to show the antiquity of the chaitya because both the rock - cut and the inscriptions are not of the times of emperor Ashoka though they are much later .
According to Buddha Ghosh there were many branches in this household and people came to worship him with the intention of gaining their children .
This gives an easy interpretation of the above illustration that one of the two persons to whom it describes is praying for a child and the other to express gratitude after having the child and express his desire for the child .
In short the structure of the विमानों and the object of building structures around it may be regarded as the first figure of the later temples or vimanas mostly of two or three storey and of whom the object was worshipped.
These cloister galleries are designated in the Tamil inscriptions and texts as को and in the Silpa and Agama literature on temple architecture .
The only difference is that while the early examples surround hypaethral shrines which are not covered by a roof the later विमान surround roofed shrines or vimanas containing the object of worship .
In spite of the organised cult of Hindu schools and creeds there has been a tradition of over - standing tree worship in south India particularly in Tamil .
On top of the egg was a square के with बीच or multiple बीच .
In the beginning a plaster was rubbed over him and a larger mass of माला was put on top of the egg in a decorative manner.
The harvest of his farm has been gathered and he fills his boat with किए .
The boat is moving in its direction and nobody knows where it will go and the poet is left to the other bank .
There was a time when there was a great storm in the literary field when what did the poem mean ?
What is the Golden Boat and who is सोने
The poet himself pointed out that this boat was no more than a symbol of real life collecting the gold harvest of our achievements and blowing us back on the sands of time .
This is the अवतीर्ण which marks once again as the last poem of the book but this time the poet is taken to hold it .
His lost companion संगिनी his Muse the Beloved of his dreams ; his guide ; half - known and half - unknown .
Will hope eventually come to our golden crop ?
You looked at me and smiled and said not a word .
Hinduism in the Hindu Vedic period which included much of the क्षेत्र area also became eclectic by absorbing the local deities and concepts in the pantheon and ritual or by identifying them with many of its own gods .
It was during this period that Siva Vishnu को विष्णु Durga को Kartikeya Sun - Moon Moon etc.
This synthesis has been made possible by the return of more than five centuries - eight to the thirteenth century A. D. in which the south laid great emphasis on the culture of the whole country and for example the worship of the Divine Being in the form of बौद्ध .
This led to the growth of regional literature here from a later period : it does not provide much information about the local traditions and beliefs of the times .
However the evidences from the excavations throw a vivid picture of the religious beliefs of the day ; just as in the case of northern India .
These relics also reveal the fact that the temples or shrines of different religions and creeds had almost the same plan and structure .
After that such construction is known to have been built in almost all parts of India up to the end of the tenth century by दशरथ Asoka and his grandson Dasaratha in आसपास and नागार्जुनी local extremely hard rocks around the mountains .
The most important examples of this group are the Sudama ( लोमश ) and लोमश Rishi caves .
These two caves exactly reproduce the plan of the गुफाएं Deva Sabha in की .
It had chaitya halls which were in fact . - स्तूप the stupa - LRB - stupa - RRB - which was supposed to be the prototype of Lord Buddha and worshipped and पूजा with cells opening into a large assembly .
Many such examples are found near Poona and Nasik and Ajanta and और .
The original reason for this was that the rocks were not as hard as the गया and the चट्टानें structure was more suitable for such construction .
Of these the cave at सालसेट in पूना and जुन्नार in पूना near Poona and the cave in आंध्र in Andhra bear comparison with the Sudama and लोमश Rishi caves .
One of his most beautiful poems in this book is - ' for नारी the mythological woman of Hindu mythology who चुरा saints and चुरा the hearts of all men .
Rabindranath pictures her as arising out of the foam of the primal ocean when it was churned by the फेनिल and flawless beauty holding nectar in her right hand and poison in her left hand .
नारी is the eternal woman who has always desired but has never been able to find her for she is a mother not a daughter or a bride .
After the period is over its good क्षय and the soul is ready to come back to earth and compares the chilly joy and unruffled peace of heaven with the woven web of joys and sorrows .
The poem is a saga of this lowly earth and its simple human relationships or concerns .
क्षुब्ध in his own music and judgement but क्षुब्ध by the plight of his countrymen the poet heart has been back and turned me back " in a poem called कवि मोरे .
If Mahatma Gandhi was a poet he would have written such a poem .
They represent their people hungry naked and homeless in their own land bereft of human rights and bereft of even the will to oppose them .
The linga - pitha is generally square but octagonal in the eastern cave - temple at लिंग .
The गुफा in the Siva shrine of the गुफा cave - temple is a Somaskanda panel on the rear wall as in the Pallava cave - temples of the last quarter of the seventh century and later structural temples .
In the cave - temples at जिला and जिला ( जिला ) we are sitting only with Siva and Parvati ( पार्वती ) without Skanda .
For example such sculptures as शिव and जिला ( जिला ) and जिला ( District के ) are a hint of a वैवाहिक cut into the rock of the cave - temple at की the northern wall of the earlier मंडप Siva Parvati ( Meenakshi ) or सुंदरेश्वर .
The rock - cut lower cave - temple at Tiruchirapalli ( तिरूचिरापल्ली ) has two lateral shrine - cells while the Siva and Vishnu are dedicated to them; the hind wall of the mandapa has five niches of which Brahma in the central niches and में in others .
The larger cave - temple at Undavalli has five deities other than the को for two main lateral shrine are dedicated to Siva and Vishnu while the third is cut into the middle of the hind wall and the two are मध्य .
The Western Gangas of चालुक्य in south Mysore following the Chalukya - Rashtrakuta idiom have left two unfinished cave - temples in the hard rock at मेह near Mysore .
In addition to the incorporation of the Chalukyan traits mentioned above the गुफा in these southern cave - temples essentially following a number of Pallava Mahendra - style and hard rock tradition excavated into the Pallava rock - cut and structural examples of the Pallavas .
The most important of these are Durga मंडल with her own head for offering sacrifice and a devotee with her Durga मंडल a common Pallava forms निकट near the Vishnu cave - temple at Undavalli , and गुफा as a गुफा
भू and Varaha Gajalakshmi are found in the cave - temples at भू and in the cave - temple at भू भू .
The other iconographic forms so reproduced are हरिहर Harihara . Subrahmanya Vishnu with Vishnu के Narasimha and tandava forms of Siva.
However चालुक्य the Kerala cave - temple at के some of the uncertain sources सम्मिलित in the southern cave - architecture is still the fusion of the Pandya and गुफा cave - temples of the adjacent region and they are like the rock - bound ones .
The unfinished rock - cut cave - excavations are shown by the Pallava technique ; as in Mahabalipuram , followed by महाबलीपुरम . and other places by the Pandya cave with a characteristic of the Pandya किरात and a shrine - slab on the two sides of its opening .
These bas - relief sculptures are more akin to the Pallava than to the neighbouring Pandya forms .
In पश्चिमी there is a simple उत्खनन short उत्खनन excavation without the facade or front लिंग In the south wall there are beautiful yoga योग with which a sage and a low - priest are cut into the main wall .
These are found in the typical cave - temples . and कवियुर with the front mandapa .
Sometimes the नंदी is also a Nandi - mandapa in front as in the नंदी cave at Ellora ( Kailasa complex ) .
The fourth type is exemplified by the structures where the principal shrine has no circumambulatory passage that is nirandhara ; the ardha - mandapa has sculpture panels on its side walls and the large maha - mandapa is pillared or without side shrines .
The Saptamatrika shrine or niche is cut independently outside the main cave - temple usually on its left flank while there is a Nandi - mandapa in front as in Ellora Cave 22 .
The sandhara pattern in the fifth type developed into the गर्भगृह cella consisting a passage opening on all the four directions and a series of two or three mandapas on the front with an additional agra - mandapa and one on the other in the more developed form .
There are examples in the last category : those of नारी with नारी half and mukha - mandapas as in the front - हैं of the southern forms of नारी out of which there are no वेदी types for later on as in the case of नारी .
Thus the various sects of the Chalukyan cave - temples are peculiar to the जोगेश्वरी type where the shrine cells are free from the circumambulatory passage in Badami such as the एलोरा sandhara विवर with shrine - cells at Ellora etc. which are framed by three kinds .
The sandhara and सर्वतोभद्र forms are the best .
In the बाह्म type as seen in the एलोरा cave at Ellora and in the principal cave of एलोरा in the जोगेश्वरी cave and in the cave at जोगेश्वरी the outer mandapa cut in the जोगेश्वरी rock has at least three open directions the पीछे .
The heaviness of the Chalukyan pillars as at Badami is apparently reduced by the भारीपन and राष्ट्रकूट the pillar and corbel shapes are various but in their development they retain their individuality till the close of the Chalukyan period and do not recur in the Rashtrakuta works .
The चालुक्य median मोडऋ or पट्ट as usual in the Chalukyan series is है .
Though smaller than the Badami cave - temples the scheme is interesting from the point of view of की design की and sculpture .
The pillars are thin and have the usual top components of the system ' .
The पार्श्व has essentially a large principal cella of almost equal size with a square mandapa with a square mandapa on the rear and two more wide lateral shrines with a पार्श्व plan .
The rear shrine has a rock - cut linga ; while the lateral shrine on its right is dedicated to the लिंग and attendant deities and the one on the left to other forms of Siva .
The slightly projecting dividing wall - strips between the mandapa and rear shrine leaving a wide entrance in between carry the मंडप sculptures.
On the facade on either flank on the rock wall are niches containing the sculptures of two निधियों . and पद्म .
The Jain cave - temple has a front mandapa which is apparently oblong and conforms to the typical mandapa - type cave - temple pattern .
The high trap - ridge at Ellora which had afforded the venue for a series of Buddhist excavations described earlier now provided a scope for Hindu and Jain works .
The Brahmanical cave - temples occupying the central portion of the hill and parts higher up belong to the period of the Chalukyas and their Rashtrakuta successors .
Cave 13 to 29 are Hindu excavations which are mostly शेव and two separate leads to लिंग Buddhist excavations a specimen of which are generally not carved on a rock or a rock in their cella .
There are of course variations in plan and content .
Cave 16 is the Kailasa complex . where the main part is the monolithic vimana temple of Kailasa - है with cave - temples on the विमान of the circumambulatory passage as in the case of the कैलास ( विमान ) .
The later figure is more in line with the patterns of the south and often has an image in their लिंग a rock - cut linga pedestal and occasionally a rock - cut Nandi .
The pillars in these caves are of varied types and design square or octagonal in section ; the कुंभ or कुंभ in general are of the kumbha - से or कुंभ - LRB - kumbha - RRB - type.
The corbels where present are either simple or straight .
में ( Cave 21 ) is the first among this group .
The facade of the rectangular mukha - mandapa has four massive octagonal pillars and rising high above the extreme बौनी at either end of the प्राकार वेदी or dwarf wall the two central pillars separated for the entrance .
Tell us the truth is n ' t you hear anything but asking for leave .
Has all your desires been fulfilled - there is no invisible कांटा which बींध your heart . "
" Kacha assures her .
" Then you are a happy creature in the creation : " देवयानी "
There they are eagerly looking forward to welcoming you through the music notes .
Ah Brahmin ? Have you really spent hard and dreary days with an धरती on the earth without one to comfort or delight ? "
Kacha feels the sting and begs “Not thus with a reproach but with a smile bid me farewell. "
A smile !
It is not a heaven but a world .
And the smile in the creation is not so cheap that in the heart a flower - eater resides काट the heart itself where longing like a baffled bee काट round the closed petals of the lotus .
The पूना at Poona has Gajalakshmi हैं पूना पूना पूना पूना पूना पूना and और .
गंगाधर depicts . गंगाधर गंगाधर गंगाधर गंगाधर गंगाधर Ganesa Kartikeya and Surya .
The Eastern Chalukyan cave - temple of coastal Andhra has over a dozen cave - temples excavated into the soft rock on either bank of the तटवर्ती in the territory of the Eastern Chalukyas of पर .
They meet on the northern bank in Krishna district in the hills of कृष्णा and तट and in the hills of Undavalli हैं and सीतारामपुरम on the south bank in Guntur district .
These cave - temples of the Eastern Chalukyan authorship show individualistic characters in their lay - out iconography and the scheme of the cella .
They partake in some respects of the neighbouring Pallava modes apart from their parental Chalukyan and northern heritage .
The central wall over the राष्ट्रकूट for the लिंग linga or लिंग in पश्चिमी is noteworthy in the cave - temples of the Eastern Chalukyas where they occur in the western Chalukyan Rashtrakuta group .
Practically all the cave - temples are Saiva or are dedicated to other deities of the Saiva sects .
Still it is the result of a gradual additions during various periods thus successively enlarging the original lay - out and resulting in such larger temple complexes or temple cities as those at Chidambaram Tiruvannamalai Madurai and Srirangam .
The temple cities so called such as Srirangam which is the largest of the lot accommodate the residential houses of people connected with the temple inside of the outer circuits.
For example the मालिका temple of मालिका in Srirangam . ( मालिका ) is surrounded by seven मालिका the मालिका or मालिका with four inner दीवारों consisting of भवनों and मंडप while the three walls are called बाहरी .
These along with other houses and streets outside the prakara constitute a modern municipal city .
All the three structures represent the importance of the transverse and vertical sides : so in the diversity of उठान and magnitude and the number of steps specified by the name उठान forms the basis for a great variety of southern vimanas .
The four - sided square or oblong plans and the और elliptical and apsidal बौद्ध familiar even in the early Buddhist and बौद्ध temples .
But विमानों or विमानों schemes introduced in the Construction of the southern vimana must have been uncommon .
In the case of height a simple or storeyed vimana has essentially six vertical components ; the griva sikhara from the base to the top is ( ) ) with a ceiling ( प्रस्तर ) or प्रस्तर ( 2 ) ; at the top .
The number of storeys could be increased to three or four ( three ) tritala विमान ( tritala विमान ) etc . as they were called the ' caste vimana .
Yet at the insistence of duty he would sacrifice all his happiness and he must do it . He will return from here to his आत्मीय and devote his knowledge to his service .
He याचना है .
The woman has risen to the burning of नारी ' नारी ' नारी ' O नारी .
You will go to the celestial realm where all regrets will be lost in the pride of your success.
What ambition or mission can be built in this pure and sterile life ?
In these woods must I drag on the humiliation of an aimless and forlorn existence where memory with its thousand thorns will prick me at each शूल and a secret shame कुरेद at the very core of my being .
You must be ashamed O cruel guests who sat in the shade of the garden of my life in the जीवन sun and within a short time a garland of its flowers broke down to it .
Be this my curse at farewell may the knowledge for whose sake you have spurned me never bear its full reward .
You shall bear its burden and not enjoy its use ; you shall teach it but shall never be able to use it . "
They later develop into a central projecting भुजा or double वलय or assume the shape of a projecting curved arm terminated by a भुजा lotus bud the कमल of the temples of the fifteenth century and later.
These shapes indicate regional developments and also chronological development .
Another important architectural feature is the torana festoon which is essentially an arched festoon occasionally straight as in the toranas of Sanchi mounted over two columns .
Such free - standing torana entrances or स्तंभ toranas are stated to have preceded the gopura entrances of ancient प्रासादों .
But while such स्मारकों torana has been retained in the northern Indian monuments as at Sanchi and Bhubaneswar the gopura entrance is in the south and forms the most characteristic and invariable part of the temple complex .
The torana idea is however not lost ; it is meant to apply to many niches and entrances on the walls of the vimana or the gopura and are known as भित्ति torana .
These are found to frame the entrances of some cave - temples the fronts of the niches or devakoshthas on the walls of the vimana and the fronts of the nasikas of various sizes and types the sukanasika the के - nasika and the के .
The gable - window - like arched kudu ornaments on the kapota of the prastara are से by toranas bereft of the supporting pillars .
In its simplest and most elementary form the गरदन has a गरदन at the top the गरदन a taller neck - like recessed vertical course the गरदन and a projecting platform a पट्टिका or पट्टिका .
It may be slightly enlarged with बीच called Kumud a बीच or circular structure called होता or होता above the larynx but called the upper कंठ .
When closed they have a series of pilasters against the inner faces of the walls .
On their outer faces the external scheme obtaining in the main vimana is adhered .
The pillars are mostly of the बीच type square on the top and bottom sections with the intervening section octagonal or polygonal as in the case of the mandapa - temples .
The names mentioned by मंडपम् मंडपम् मंडपम् मंडपम् मंडपम् मंडपम् etc .
Such simple mandapa pillars do not have differentiated capital mouldings ; but bear the corbel block directly over the top square section .
They may occasionally have the full capitals of the order or the कुंभ as in the case of the cave - temples of the Deccan they may be of the kumbha - कुंभ type or have the so - called cushion capitals .
In the later mandapa of the Chalukyan series the pillars at their square base are rendered into a series of curved and rounded shapes being turned over a lathe - turned figure .
In the later mandapa of the Pallava - Pandya series the pillars have been decorated with sculptures की sculptures पशुओं animal figures or a number of short pillars known as the पशुओं पांड्य .
A small steep rock just in front of the Draupadi ratha अकार the image of the lion facing north.
Of the other four rathas one cut out of the ग्राम one में between the main hill range of Mahabalipuram and the two ग्राम ones in the front south - west of the main hill range are made by the ग्राम temple ( north and south ग्राम ) .
The small Draupadi ratha illustrates the type of a very simple hut - like vimana square on plan with only four of the usual six components of the vimana namely adhishthana pada and कुटिया sikhara and stupi the prastara are finished .
The रथ ratha represents the kuta type with a four - sided domical roof or sikhara crowned by a single stupi or छत .
It is an example of pure Nagara order due to square planning from base to apex .
It is dedicated to Durga the दीवार whose standing sculpture with the attendants is carved on the rear wall of the shrine .
The main doorway is framed by a fine torana as also the three devakoshthas which also enshrine standing relief sculptures of Durga on three side walls .
On either side of the doorway are flanking the रथों one on the niche placed between the corner pilaster framing the entrance. This ratha lacks a mukha or ardha - mandapa unlike the other rathas as also the nasikas projected from the top .
A dvitala and hence का or नागर vimana of the same Nagara order square from base to apex is illustrated in the incomplete नागर ratha facing east .
It has a small ardha - mandapa and the aditala has a single wall hence it is आदितल .
This was perhaps commenced by Mamalla ( as indicated by the label inscribed on the eastern side of the second tala ) to the present stage of wholeness with the consecration of the tala by की as the labels on the top tala would suggest .
In the Dharmaraja ratha the wall of the aditala घेरती the corners and leaving open - pillared entrances on the four directions in between is essentially an outer wall of the peripheral mandapa of the aditala .
The pattern is that in which the wall of the aditala cella rises as the outer wall of the second tala shrine called the बाहरी with an intervening additional wall known as दीवार smaller than the tala below .
The unfinished Bhima ratha too is like the धर्मराज Dharmaraja ratha for its aditala is surrounded by a narrow mandapa the walls of which occupy the corners and the long and smaller sides carry over them the intervening open अग्रभागों of two pilasters .
The mandapa carries over its faces with the kutas at the four corners and sala in between .
The oblong sanctum facing west was perhaps intended for a reclining form of Vishnu with his head to the south and legs to the north .
The oblong griva ग्रीवा rising as an upper continuation of the garbha - griha walls is rather tall.
On the two long sides of the griva sikhara there are five nasikas in three sizes the central one being the largest the extreme ones the intermediate one being the अंतर्वर्ती and the अंतर्वर्ती .
The three large nasikas with the prastara in their assembly represent the full nasikas .
But even more a conflict is personal loyalties .
What happens if a man has to make a determined decision to doubt his conscience or his religion his country or his country or his faith or the pledge of friendship or love ?
There is no answer to this dilemma and it will not make any such decision clearer suffering for the very first time .
The second major volume of his poems was रवीन्द्रनाथ in 1896 .
The word रबी literally means the late harvest season of rice and रबी which are performed in the month of Chaitra ( March - April ) as the sun drops to the last drop of moisture from the earth .
Perhaps this was because the poet was so aware that the Spring of his life was about to come to an end and the springs of intellectual जीवन in the hot blasts of an increasing spiritual intensity would soon be shattered .
It is as if there is a lofty and imaginative sadness in these poems and at the same time a dim foreboding of the parting of lines .
Before the India ' s past अभीभूत him in the next phase he सहेजना a few immortal moments from his immediate past .
Sometimes one or more of the other seven parivara shrines deviate in form for example the apsidal or अर्धवृत्ताकार - के shrine for Ganesa or Ganesa found in the सुंदरेश्वर temple at में Tiruchirapalli district .
The संप्रदाय of कैलासनाथ as कैलासनाथ or the main कैलासनाथ in the Siva temple which was seen during the reign of Rajasimha Pallava is seen to be also in the Kailasanatha temple at Kanchi कैलासनाथ now in a dedication or उत्तर in about 1000 .
The Siva temple at शिव and the एकतल ( both in Pudukkottai district ) are examples of the kind round which the griva and sikhara are circular in section and made into a square section of the ekatala vimana .
The aditala of the apsidal shrines has pillars round the four corners of which are the symbols of Subrahmanya Kartikeya while the Siva temple has common आदितल .
The dvitala शिव temple at जिला district and the similar Siva temple in में ( Tirunelveli district ) are slightly larger examples .
The कर्णकूट temple has four karnakutas at the corners at the topmost tala in place of the Nandi .
The दीवारों Siva temple is noted for its fine architecture and its wall and superstructure over उत्कीर्णनों the celebrated joy का of Siva - Nataraja is perhaps the most celebrated आनंद of Tamil Nadu - LRB - perhaps the early blend of the भारतीय - RRB - and the central concept of the early in Indian art and the early in Tamil Nadu and the former and the former and the former ones and the former half - LRB - LRB - LRB - tion .
The celebrated icon of Nataraja in its characteristic ananda - tandava pose depicting the पंचकृत्य of Siva of the Tamil Saiva Siddhanta as ably described and interpreted by नटराज is born in the north of the ninth century .
The Saiva saint संत is the first among पत्थर to refer to this form and aspect of Siva ' s dance and the small पत्थर panel ( तिरूवलीश्वरम ) perhaps the first to be carved out into stone .
This was perhaps the first time in the sculpture of the stone in the कोष्ठ ( Thanjavur district ) used in the south wall of the ardha - mandapa in the temple and in this case a common ingredient of the other early Chola temples .
The मुत्तरैयार मुत्तरैयार in Pudukkottai district though so called after the founder of the Chola line is an interesting and fine Muttaraiyar example .
The sandhara aditala of this tritala structure is square on plan externally with an almost equal - sized closed mandapa in front while the inner wall enclosing the sanctum is circular leaving an intervening passage all round .
The second tala rising over the inner circular wall is square while the third tala ऊपर and over it is also circular in section .
The aditala ham extended over the top of the front mandapa also shows a series of आदितल .
But for this purpose the dvarapalas at the mandapa and mandapa entrance the sculptures on the four faces at the top and the cylindrical linga with circular pitha in the sanctum there are not many sculptures.
The west - facing complex is surrounded by the परिवार parivara and a prakara with a small gopura entrance on the east at its top near the north - east corner at the top of the rock - ledge है into which the temple is built .
Its two square lower talas of the superposed sanctum type with a double - walled square sandhara aditala leaving a passage between the walls are functional and have तीर्थंकर forms enshrined in their पूजागृह .
The hara of the aditala over the top of the outer wall consisting of kuta sala and panjara elements is continued over the top edges of the front mandapa .
The hara contains a series of fine crafts .
This was built by the minister गंग in Ganga गंग ( गंग ) .
The foundation of this immense figure is surrounded by घिरा ( मालिका ) minister of मालिका - मालिका - मालिका a minister of मालिका - मालिका fashioned from the lower side of the मालिका . in the twelfth century A. D. .
The Ganga temple at गंग near श्रावण in Sravana is also a Jain temple and is interesting to the fact that its three principal structures of ordinary size which are made of granite are completely भुजा and open into three streams of a common mandapa .
The complex has been divided into two more lateral vimanas in front of the common mandapa of the trikuta Centre .
The whole complex is surrounded by a prakara with a small gopura entrance on the north .
The complex is known as the नागर basti ( Jain temple ) in नागर ( Hassan district ) is an example of the नागर classification of the southern vimanas as Nagara नागर and वेसर .
Particularly may be mentioned the variety of niche toranas framing the devakoshthas that depict the different forms of toranas described in the texts and inscriptions such as the patra torana chitra torana makara torana तोरण torana . toranas .
Thus it is an example of a set of temple forms the variety of vimana features which were listed and codified in the Silpa and Agama texts of the time that it could be called the ideal example or model of a textbook which has been studied .
The granite temples of Nandi Kolar district the capital of the Banas are of Ganga - Brahmaputra .
The smaller and earlier पहाडी on the hill is not architecturally impressive while the larger temples of पहाडी and अरूणाचलेश्वर both of the square type below hill are.
This complex is further elaborated by forming the central later axial mandapas and peripheral structures into a complex with prakara and gopura on the east .
The former two STRUCTURAL STONE TEMPLES: THE EARLY PHASE is evidently an अस्तित्वमान form of an existing structure and is noted for the fineness of its structure and beauty of its structure .
The की would appear to be almost a later copy of the की .
Thus it would not appear to be more than a large assembly hall converted into a temple with a shrine inside .
The massive mandapa of the ग्राम temple with its improvised shrine at the rear with an unconventional slopy roof standing on its own adhishthana seems to have been originally the hall of the village moot ( Percy Snow ) .
In the same context the popular temple now called पल्लव in जिला district is a case of पल्लव a later Pallava structure though we have not noticed in the preceding account of the temples of that period .
The large hall of the sabha - mandapa or grand - palace of चतुर्वेदी - Chaturvedi . was obviously constructed for the village assembly and what remains of it now the magnificent rock - cut stone the पाषाण plinth the upa - pitha and the adhishthana over it .
The extant पत्थर are hard and granite stone .
The inscription on the twenty - fourth year of Pallava . III on the extant structure itself calls it a mandapa not a विमान vimana .
This is from the time of के के .
Incidentally की is the famous inscription of the twelfth and fourteenth year of the first Chola ( ग्राम ) of ग्राम in which the rules and conditions for the fitness of the village assembly are mentioned in the governing village .
These temples have a typically Chalukyan plinth form with nirandhara or single - walled aditala and with a narrower ardha - mandapa in front .
By A. D. 1000 the powers of the structural stone पाषाण were reached at its peak the Tamil area and the whole of Kerala the parts of south Mysore and the coast of Sri Lanka श्रीलंका the Andamans श्रीलंका Lakshadweep and the मालदीव
The contemporary rival powers in the south were Rashtrakuta ; they soon again became powerful and put their arms before the Chalukyas of Kalyani .
The experience and knowledge gained in stone construction technique and design and follow up with the forms and norms found in codified Agama and Silpa manuals the period that followed witnessed great activity in the construction of the great temples of south India and Sri Lanka .
The Brihadisvara Brihadisvara at Thanjavur and the immediate sequel to the Brihadisvara शृंखला - LRB - Thanjavur district - RRB - and the immediate outcome of the Brihadisvara at पांड्य - LRB - Thanjavur district - RRB -.
The great temple at Thanjavur appropriately called the Brihadisvara or बृहदीश्वर after its builder Rajaraja I was conceived as a whole complex on a massive scale and completed by the founder .
It combines all that is best in temple - building traditions sculpture painting and allied arts .
It is a large complex with a massive monolithic Nandi recumbent on a high pedestal in front of the vimana and its coeval axial mandapa with a much later mandapa cut into it .
A rich disciple गुरु proud of his wealth came to the Sikh Guru and offered a pair of gold bangles .
The Guru let one bangle slip from his hand into the river below.
The disciple jumped into the river to retrieve the costly gift .
When he could not find the bangle he requested the Guru to indicate the exact spot where it fell .
The Guru threw the remaining bangle into the water and said , there ?
It is in this work that the ancient Rishi संबद्ध who provided the sacred mantra to his disciples .
One day a poor but eager boy came to him and begged him to accept him as his disciple .
The sage asked him whether he was a Brahmin and who his father was .
The mother replied that she had no husband and if God has given him anything she was a boy .
The sage embraced the boy and said " You are the best of Brahmins for you have inherited the best . "
The Kasi . temple at काशी near महादेव and the Mahadeva temple at महादेव mark among other temples the zenith of architecture and art in this area under the Western Chalukyas .
The date of the construction of the Mahadeva temple is AD है .
The main vimana विमान which is extant only up to the griva and sikhara and stupi having been lost is a square five - storeyed structure standing on an extensive adhishthana with a sukanasika projected from the level of the fourth tala over the antarala roof .
The whole vimana is divided into five bays on each side the central one being the most projected with four narrower recesses in between the bays turning up repeatedly turning the plan into a spiral shape .
The hara on each side of the tala in correspondence with the width of the bays is made of two karnakutas one at either end a central sola and two intervening panjaras .
The most projected central bay of each lateral part of the aditala with sala superstructure has a darker and broad like miniature shrines with all the pillars projected smaller vimanas with विमानों prastara and mandapas all of which resemble the karnakutas at the corner .
The navaranga forms a larger square in front its outer walls and adhishthana similarly relieved and recessed and with similar external ornamentation .
What is more interesting is the highly ornate and raised central ceiling and the fine carvings on its stone slabs particularly those cutting the corners of the square lobe .
The mandapa has three entrances preceded by pillared मंडप - LRB - south and north - RRB -.
The excessive decorative elements of this temple and its plans and features also indicate its proximity to the times of the typical temples of the Hoysalas and तेरहवीं who came into power in this region after them .
The story of monk . a disciple of बुद्ध Buddha is also included .
One day : This handsome young monk was sleeping on the ground outside the city of Mathura when suddenly something struck against his chest and he broke .
In fact she was the hero of the city.
When he turned to the monk and saw the handsome disciple he invited him to come to his house and said . . hard and rough ground . "
The monk looked at her and said softly " O bunch of loveliness not yet.
Where you are leaving : Go where you will come when the appropriate time comes . "
The days passed and one day as the monk was passing by the city wall he saw a woman lying sick and abandoned on the ground .
The monk sat down beside the unconscious body and put the woman ' s head in his lap poured water on her dry lips smeared her body with cool and fragrant sandal paste and chanted prayers for her .
The woman wiped her eyes and asked me who you are " answered Hsuan - tsang :
In another poem the loss is usually explained by the poet another story: On a winter morning the Queen of Kashi went with her companions to bathe in the Ganges.
Of the temples at वारंगल or Warangal the temples at पालमपेट and Palampet are the most famous and representative of their architecture and art .
The so - called वारंगल - pillared मंदिर at वारंगल ( Warangal district ) built by King Prataparudra in 1162 shows well the transition from the late Western Chalukyan to the Kakatiya style .
The main part consists of a trikuta or triple shrine of considerable size and dedicated to Siva Vishnu and Surya all these three opening into a common mandapa on the west north and east respectively .
The mandapa has open corners between the three shrines two on its sides and its pillars inside are lathe - turned .
It is attached to an intervening Nandi - mandapa in front of the unit .
Another interesting feature of the ruined temple is the free - standing toranas marking the तोरण .
The temples at Palampet ( district ) are of another peculiar group .
The bases of the peripheral pillars of the mandapa are also attached to a वेदी and a मंडप forming the lean - back .
The main structure is of red stone but the decoration is made from पत्थरों or पत्थरों stones which are hard - पत्थर .
It has a vimana with a mukha - mandapa in front of which there are three projected porch - like entrances preceded by a staircase in the north - east and south whilst the garbha - griha is attached to the west with a antarala .
All this is placed over a prominent moulded upa - pitha .
The wall of the garbha - griha over the adhishthana on each face has five prominently relieved pilasters the central one wider than the lateral ones with a slopy flat triangular cornice over the prastara on top .
The recesses between the pilasters contain the usual short and slender pilaster motif surmounted by a shrine superstructure over its capitals .
The superstructure of the main vimana now ruined appears to have been of four talas or storeys with a prominently projected sukanasika on the front side over the antarala a Nandi placed on top of it .
The main structure is like the great temple of Palampet in size central plan and elevation of Palampet .
The whole stands on a double plinth with a wide upa - pitha platform below the upa - pitha platform the adhishthana or the real base of the structures above leaving an open ambulatory all round.
Over the adhishthana of the mandapa there is the usual dwarf wall or वेदी parapet forming हैं and supporting the shorter peripheral pillars at the corners and at each ड्यौढी entrance .
The bracket - figures represent व्याल in graceful poses and vyalas हैं elephants with vyala शरीर each with a human body coming out of its मानव .
Inside the mandapa there are small shrines at the periphery of which are just five of them .
The roof of the mandapa is lost .
The sala type roof over the vestibule rising to the height of the next vimana further as is the superposed विमान system .
The east - west long भुजा has a torana festoon ; the प्रकोष्ठ which leads to the vestibule in the lower oblong page amid the छत roof of the शुकनासा or the upper part inside the arch is the शुकनासा of Siva who is a common Chalukyan and northern shrine .
Thus विजयनगर the typical temple of विजयनगर a bold experiment of वास्तुशिल्पीय with far and near architectural characters has been integrated into them with tact in विजयनगर and an interesting विजयनगर ( विजयनगर ) and a vertical और ( standing ) .
The object was to आदर this spiritual teacher with a view to the importance of the राजवंश with which both the धार्मिक and the धार्मिक of the seat of a religious master could well be described as one of the greatest international fusion of different regional architectural styles .
It is in fact a large complex planned and built at one time consisting of vimana विमान axial mandapas multi - pillared mandapas multi - pillared प्राकार and प्राकार other mandapas मंडप - mandapas cloister प्राकार and gopura .
It was commenced by Krishnadeva Raya in कृष्णदेव and was perhaps still not completed when the empire fell in 1565 after which the capital was shifted to राजधानी .
The mandapas and gopuras are as in all Vijayanagar temples remarkable for their great size .
Many of the mandapas are pillared हैं .
So on occasions when he was नैतिक the national moral sensibility with his universal and humanitarian conceptions he was a देश of personal वैयक्तिक and ideas which are not the only देश of his fine poetry and drama .
Whatever Plato might have said of the pleasurable Muse she was Rabindranath ' s first and last beloved प्रेमिका and even if for a long time she उत्प्रेरित away from her ever possessed of an ever - पंखों creature by a new passion .
The Bengali year ends in April when the winds blow hot and the mighty storm blows up the entire plain इलाका and it rains with it probably rain will come the god of this day .
But on the whole the poet ' s instinctive and pagan love of nature his voluptuous delight in its varying moods is now weighed down with melancholy reflection.
He sees the temple in ruins and pity for the deity neglected and अपूजित .
There is a lovely poem which might have aroused interest in the होती ; involved Shiva ' s remorse who in the early hours of his life destroyed the god of love .
The ashes then blow up into the wind are now scattered all over the world and the anguish of a man does not recede by a feeling of shame .
The Poet ' s foreboding of the spiritual crisis and the catastrophe he himself occurs in several of his poems .
The lower part or का of the abacus or of the earlier Chalukyan cave - temples of the विजयनगर and early Cholas changed to विजयनगर in the times of the later Chola and turned into a twice - sided figure of the विजयनगर now with a विजयनगर figure .
The lower curved arm has a horizontal connective bar below it connecting the main segment at the free end .
The kumbha panjara motif on the wall recesses of vimanas gopuras and mandapas is made more ornate and extensive .
The cornice or cornice which was till now thick and curved down gradually became more thin and double and extends far forward often showing the imitation of the wooden ribs of the frame supporting it .
The mandapas as in कांचीपुरम the kalyana - like kalyana - के in the kalyana - mandapa of the कांचीपुरम temple in कांचीपुरम - LRB - as in the case of the कांचीपुरम - RRB - with a fine पाषाण - like stone - chains cut down in a corner of their kind cut with large stone - RRB - LRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - LRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - RRB -
The mandapas are noted for their exquisite and intricately - worked पाषाण in hard stone - पाषाण .
These are called विजयनगर and are characteristic of the Vijayanagar style .
The superstructure of the stone vimanas or gopuras are of brick and mortar with timber inside if they are not built in the पाषाण karana fashion .
They are called सम्राट and some eleven high places are : such as सम्राट . ( North अर्काट district ) in अरूणाचल जिला district ) in Arunachal and अरूणाचल ( in सम्राट district ) they were all built by great king कृष्णदेव ( सम्राट ) .
The अहाते complex is located inside a high - walled paved enclosure with three gopura entrances south and north .
There are also axial and accessory mandapas and ancillary ones .
The axial series consisting of vimanas with front mandapas stands on an ornate platform carved with friezes of men मनुष्यों मनुष्यों मनुष्यों and mini - temples .
The steps leading to the frontal agra - mandapa are flanked by large stone yards .
The agra - mandapa itself contains huge monolithic pillars with carved - out व्याल or with large vyalas having riders on their backs.
The superstructure of the vimana is of brick .
There are also shrines for other attendant deities in the premises .
The Krishna temple built by Krishnadeva Raya in कृष्णदेव is another handsome temple complex with the usual components of attendant shrines the mandapas and pillared गोपुरों and gopuras .
Built by राय Raya ( 1530 ) it is noted for its large size and huge proportions .
भीतर Raya temple - LRB - प्राकार - RRB - built in में is another large structure inside the double prakara with gopuras and an Amman shrine mandapas and cloister designed on top of the famous विट्ठल temple though it cannot be compared with that प्राकार .
However . Its pillars are beautiful and with some fine sculptures .
The temple was dedicated to Anantasayin Vishnu but the deity is now lost .
The shrine front has three doors to render the head of the reclining god visible from the body and feet apart .
Among them the presence of the sukanasika on the front of the vimana superstructure is of a large पत्थर over the shrine of Nandi Devi sculptures on the face of the विमान gate and of the simple ग्रेनाइट of granite ऊपर as in the जिला district .
Then unlike the linear multi - pillared type of the farther south the mandapa of the नंवरंग pattern and free - standing toranas are the torana तोरण as in the temples on top of the hill at मैसूर ( Mysore State ) .
The Hazara Rama temple was probably begun earlier and Was completed by Krishnadeva Raya .
The temple is devoid of the characteristic gopura ; but the walls of the prakara are decorated by friezes externally depicting dance , music and प्राकार .
The central power was very weak .
The Vijayanagar साम्राज्य in the southern regions the Nayakas gradually assumed independent power .
Some of them fostered temple architecture and created some notable temples .
They were of the Nayakas of Vellore ( North Arcot district ) . ( South Arcot district ) वेल्लोर Thanjavur and Madurai in Tamil Nadu and इक्केरी in north - west Mysore .
In the Nayak period the substantial pillared मंडप of the वेल्लोर range in Tamil Nadu with numerous गचकारी sculptures of stucco are said to be 80 FOLKLORE OF ANDHRA PRADESH at वेल्लोर in front of the वेल्लोर temple at वेल्लोर .
The earlier structures of the वेल्लोर at their top carrying out an almost parallel to each other are the exquisitely carved मंडप कांची कांची of Vellore and the विजयनगर cave - temple at कांची in eastern प्राकार .
They are of the same type with an unusually brilliant line of योद्धाओं pillars with an unusually पशुओं in front a line of योद्धाओं योद्धाओं with figures of almost the full - size warriors and families and other animals of prey .
The large temple complex at Madurai on all sides of the central shrine with great mandapas and towering gopuras on all the four sides is mostly of the Nayaka origin and mostly of the time of the के Nayaka ( नायक ) .
The सुंदरेश्वर mandapam in the Minakshi - मीनाक्षी temple at Madurai and the front mandapa in the temple at कृष्णपुरम are notable examples among hundreds of others .
The Subrahmanya temple unit with vimana ardha - and mukha - mandapas standing in the north - west court of the Brihadisvara temple complex is a typical example of the Nayaka temple of the ornate variety and a gem of its kind .
Built of fine - grained granite it exhibits in the mouldings of its adhishthana and pilasters of its walls some fine and intricate तंतु .
The characteristic kumbha panjara in the wall recesses between the pilasters is made extremely ornate as also the पुष्प over the pillars and polygonal pilasters carrying a full lotus bud at the tip of the curved arm .
The double - flexed kapota is thin and elegant showing the तीलियों supporting frame on the bottom .
The griva and sikhara of the square vimana are four - sided.
Thus these and other temples are quite easy for the living art of the modern जीवित or temple - builder of south India .
Such work can be seen in the rock fort temple at Tiruchirapalli Madurai and other places .
The entire temple complex inside the fort of Vellore including the Kalyan mandapa and gopura and most of the वेल्लोर temple at वेल्लोर near Vellore ; still housed as the नायकों of वेल्लोर inside and around the spacious fort of नायकों .
Similarly there are many small Nayaka temples inside the Chandragiri Fort .
Some of the granite stone - built temples of the Hoysala times are पाषाण when a collateral branch of the dynasty ruled over parts of Tamil Nadu with its capital at राजधानी near Srirangam and जम्बुकेश्वरम - पाषाण
They are all built in the local regional style in logical continuation of the late Pandya temples of Tamil Nadu and consequently विजयनगर features of the Vijayanagar temples of Tamil Nadu that followed.
Such temples of the Hoysala times are to be found in पूर्वी some 6 kms from Srirangam ( Srirangam ) स्थानीय local name के ( द्वीप ) and in के ( in the eastern part of the Srirangam island ) .
Some more constructed by the Hoysala generals and administrators in the Tiruchirapalli and Pudukkottai districts for example the temple unit at , जैहसे .
These temples built during the Hoysala interregnum reveal in their architecture and sculpture only the local regional norms ( not of the Hoysala patterns as known in their home province of Karnataka .
The Srirangam वेणुगोपाल temple shows noticeably far advanced architectural and sculptural features of the local regional style .
The sculpture of the tall slender - built graceful maidens perhaps many of them depicting अंग besides स्त्रियों in different attitudes and poses contrast with the नारी and नारी sculpture in Belur बेलूर and Hoysala art .
The पाषाण temple sculptures may be compared ; if necessary the stone sculptures of the पाषाण mandapam and nearer the पाषाण and the nearer ones can be compared with the पाषाण sculptures of the पाषाण mandapam and other parts of the Minakshi - मीनाक्षी temple .
The Ikkeri Nayakas have left temples of Chalukyan affiliation in their capital towns of Ikkeri . राजधानी and in other places in their area .
The जिला temple at जिला district is the largest and finest of the Ikkeri style of temples .
It is clear that this system of tiered arrangement of slopy roof slabs or कोर्निस one over the other was best suited to a region of high rainfall as was the original Kadamba region on the west coast .
It may be said that this form with either type of top member and devoid of or with the sukanasika is more or less a cross between the typical northern prasada superstructure and the southern vimana forms .
This is evident from the मल्लिकार्जुन temple at बादामी ( about the eighth century ) group of the Mallikarjuna group in the Badami Valley the मल्लिकार्जुन temple on the way of the मल्लिकार्जुन group and the महाकूटेश्वर temple all of which are of the Badami - Chalukya - Rashtrakuta origin .
The group of smaller shrines behind the जिला temple at जिला ( Kurnool district ) and the के group of temples in आलमपुर are of this type in the Eastern Chalukyan region .
Eight of the nine structures of the Lakshmi Devi temple group in जिला जिला ( District हासन Mysore 2 ) are of this type built in होयसल and belong to the Hoysala times .
In the Eastern Chalukyan area the जिले comprising the district of Kurnool . and Guntur have such rekha - prasada - type temples from the seventh - eighth centuries .
In the विमान complex of nine temples in विमान all except the विमान of the southern vimana type are of this type .
Most of them are prior to AD हैं when as per an inscription . the whole group was built by प्राकार as a prakara .
Most nirandhara while a few are sandhara .
Each unit consists of a sanctum with a well - proportioned tri ratha sikhara an antarala and pillared mandapa with two tiers .
The whole axial series has a single entrance in front and a continuous wall surrounding it forming also the outer wall of the sandhara type .
The exterior wall faces are richly carved with niches surmounted by मॉटिफ motifs containing fine sculptures and lattice - motifs .
The carvings are fine and reminiscent of the central Indian and Rajasthani styles .
The group has the most advanced and elaborate बालब्रह्म .
Most of these temples largely of which some are founded in the tenth - eleventh centuries have been considerably renovated and reconstructed in the southern centuries and do not show much by way of a anything that can be interpreted as evolutionary trends .
What is generally not thought is the internal make - up and structural contents of the srikoyil since by ritual tradition and convention the interior of the Kerala temple is totally inaccessible to any except the ordinated पुरोहितों .
What one perceives of the srikoyil is in fact an external shell as it were of a core vimana or inner श्रीकोयिल .
The inner ग्रीवा consisting of the sanctum or garbha - विमान essentially a vimana form अन्यत्र as in the other places in the south as in the garbha - griha over to have a बहुस्तरीय superstructure on the top in which the superstructure rises above .
The plan of this nuclear unit often does not correspond with the basic plan of the srikoyil and its plinth and it is usual to find out the structures that are circular or apsidal from outside into it the sanctum square or vice versa.
The ultimate outer shell is like an umbrella ( बाहरी ) or the छत roof with its stupi carries over the inner central structure like an umbrella or dwelling on the top of the griva forming a sikhara and stupi for both .
While the मानसूनी is essentially of the central part or the garbha - griha . the common vimana type in the east of the Western Ghats as in the case of the Western Ghats the outer protective covering of the srikoyil constitutes more or less the sustain .
He is not afraid of his pain .
It is fear that भय the Truth and let me roam as far as I take - off from there is neither sorrow nor death nor separation .
This collection of hundred poems entitled संपदा ( संपदा ) was dedicated by the poet to his revered father who was reserved in the pages of the Maharshi ' s spiritual and moral property .
When he read out the poems in manuscript to his father he was so pleased that he gave the son a purse to meet the expenses of his publication .
Even in his भावदशा and God - conscious moods Rabindranath could not in his mouth have lost his face in this life and this world and cannot be stolen.
I embrace the limits of the joy of the soul with which the soul is born and the soul in whose soul is the song and the soul as freely चलते and समृद्ध to each other .
But Bahadur Shah had neither the guts nor the power nor the will to say anything .
The first question about the trial is whether under the International Law a king could be tried as a common man ; there is no doubt that Bahadur Shah was a king and he was accepted as a king .
The Britishers prior to 1857 were not sovereign states of India and Bahadur Shah was not their subjects ; though he was awarded a pension by the British .
During the freedom struggle in 1857 a stage came when Delhi became de jure and de facto independent of the Company ' s rule and Bahadur Shah was declared as King .
In such circumstances it may be said that trying Bahadur Shah as a विद्रोही was not proper according to law and was not consistent with justice .
Though the prosecutor placed a number of legal documents to prove the charge the facts were not legally examined as Bahadur Shah was in no position to cross - examine or defend himself nor was he provided any legal aid .
The circumstances in the country were such at that time that no man with legal knowledge had the courage to come forward to defend Bahadur Shah .
The verdict cannot be considered a legal verdict after hearing both the parties .
The manner in which Bahadur Shah was brought to Delhi after defeat and the manner in which witnesses were produced is proved to be a farce .
Indeed Bahadur Shah as a ruler should not have been prosecuted .
Moreover he was not in a mental state to face such a trial and defend himself .
He was 82 years old .
His wife Zeenat Mahal including all his supporters had practically deserted him .
The case was more than two months ' imprisonment .
At no time was there any doubt about the verdict.
On 29 March 1858 Bahadur Shah was found guilty of all the charges and sentenced to transportation for life .
He gave up Delhi in October 1858 accompanied by बेगम Bakht बख्त Shah in addition to his youngest son he was by a queen Zeenat Mahal who had by now become thoroughly weary of him and called him a troublesome nasty fool .
He died on 7th November 1862 in Rangoon.
Surendra Nath proceeded to England and appealed to the Indian Office ( भारतीय ) but neither their complaints were heard nor were they permitted to enrol himself as a barrister.
In June 1875 he returned to India and started his career as a professor of English in the भारत Institution he joined the Free Church College and then known to the College of Ripon which was founded by his own .
During his teaching lessons and public lectures he fired those who heard by his long - term lectures on the life and teachings of J . शिवाजी the life and teachings of Shivaji and the Sikhs .
He founded on 26th July 1876 the Indian Association which was intended to be the centre of an all - India political movement .
He undertook tours all over India to awaken the spirit of unity and solidarity among the people .
The popularity of Surendranath can be gauged from the fact that when he was sentenced to imprisonment in a charge of contempt for the court he was sentenced to imprisonment in Bengal as a whole .
Surendra Nath Banerjea also played a guiding role in the Indian National Congress twice in 1895 and later in 1902 .
It is undoubtedly due to the efforts made by Surendra Nath and his colleagues in Bengal that the Indian National Congress came to be looked upon after the second session as the handiwork of the Bengalis .
They also participated in the ' Bang ' and later on in the ' बंग ' movement ' .
He was taken over as the king of बंगाल when he was led the बंगाल Conference .
He was a frank and forthright man and for his undaunted courage was imprisoned for contempt of the High Court .
He opposed corrupt judiciary and set an example for times to come and paved the way for the right of freedom of expression .
Surendra Nath Banerjea was editor of an English newspaper in which he wrote a leading article on 28th April 1883 .
This article was based on a report published in the Brahmo Public Opinion stating that one of the judges of the High Court of Calcutta Mr Justice Norris had ordered a Hindu litigant to bring his household deity ' s identity .
Justice Norris had said several times earlier and in some cases they had decided against the Hindus with prejudice .
The report लेख the sentiments of most of the people of Bengal and the noted Surendra Nath Banerjea wrote an article criticising the judge ' s sentiments in the light of his fearlessness and समाज : " The High Court judge has no wider regard .
The article created a stir not only in Calcutta but also in the whole of India ; it hurt not only the feelings of the Hindus but also the passions of the entire judiciary especially of the British judges .
The language of the article was और and और .
It was a frontal attack on the judiciary and particularly on the member of the High Court on an English judge .
I must emphasise that if I knew or there was any reason to believe that the report of the पब्लिक Public Opinion was wholly wrong or misleading .
The circumstances in British India which are : I see in them the high courts of law and the High Courts in other cases and I believe that it is the most respectful and impartial privilege of all sections of society .
By क्षेत्र the jurisdiction of the High Court in issuance of the notice he said " I have been advised that the Hon 'ble Court is not in full discretion of the issuance of this order and in the matter of which it is difficult .
They had the courage to point out that no justice could be done so briefly .
Though he had sought pardon for his writing and had a little time from the court he was not given this time and on 4 - 5 May 1883 the Chief Justice . and four other judges of the High Court were added . .
The Chief Justice with whom Cunningham J. की J. and Norris J. नौरिस delivered the verdict of the court shows how sensitive were English judges and how harsh they were .
The case was taken up on 4th May 1883 and the judgment was delivered the following day .
Your counsel too has wholly failed to explain to the court why this article was included in this letter .
And you also know perfectly well that the affidavits upon which the rule was issued were not directed to the subject .
" These matters in your affidavit so far from अपराध your offence admit it to the court .
He has also been finding it difficult to assume that educated men like yours will be so ignorant of the law of the देशी charges that they have published earlier on such grounds as a Judge of a High Court .
The court is prepared to take note of your affidavit as your counsel has pointed out that these affidavits were prepared without much inhibition in a long run but the Chief Justice was not warning to Surendra Nath Banerjea .
i court K
The court के you for two months in the civil wards of the Presidency Jail . "
This was the first occasion in the history of the British justice system in India when in the case of a contempt of the court a man of honour was sentenced to such सजा - सजा and सजा - सजा .
The practice though there was no rules was to prevent such an accused from being सजा by warning him - a condition that the accused should remain अभियुक्त or became such a fine .
In the guise of justice the ultimate intention was only to teach a lesson to Surendra Nath Banerjea but even to warn Indians that criticism of a British judge would not be tolerated.
But I cannot agree with the opinion of the majority in the court when I consider the question very carefully .
Two such cases have come up before the court is established .
The matter was discussed fully and after the court had pronounced its decision that they were guilty the latter was given proper apologies .
In the present case the persons accused of contempt of the court readily admitted their guilt and made a deep regret at having unwittingly cast an undeserved के upon a learned judge of the court .
In the above trial Sir सर न्यायाधीश Chief Justice said to have pronounced its decision : " Though most of the judges were of the opinion that the two persons charged with contempt for the court are not guilty of such offence .
In the second trial the court referred to Mr Taylor being convicted of one month ' s imprisonment in the civil part of the Presidency Jail and a fine of Rs 500 .
There Chief Justice Sir सर टेलर in his reference to the pardon issued by Mr Taylor before the judgment said : " If you were already given you may not be prepared to add anything else to your अदालत ( and this you are ) .
Tilak was convicted of the offence of sedition by an English jury in the Bombay High Court for three weeks .
His immortal words while welcoming the penalty are now enshrined in a tablet in the Central Room of the Bombay High Court where he is tried and दंडित
He said All I wish to say is that inspite of the verdict of the jury I maintain that I am innocent.
It is the supreme powers that the destiny of things determines and it may be the will of the Lord to whom I am struggling ; instead of being out of my jail it की upon my suffering . "
This trial has no parallel.
Mr M . C . तिलक the then Chief Justice of Bombay depicting the bar in the Central Hall of the Bombay High Court said : " In the memory of Lokmanya Tilak I have had no good luck or I had any opportunity to get .
In this room on two occasions in the period 12 years Lokmanya Tilak sat in the dock as an accused and on two occasions he was convicted and sentenced to imprisonment .
We have met here today to make atonement for the suffering that was caused by these convictions to a great and distinguished son of India .
This blot on our history is what we want to do today .
In spite of scant knowledge of Marathi he remarked that the accused had referred to the English rule in India as the country ' s misfortune and had suggested that bombs and murders would help India to secure political rights as in other countries .
The barrister tried his best to prejudice the minds of the special jury who had no knowledge of Marathi .
In support of the charge under Section 153 A he read an article from the Kesri केसरी .
The gist of the article published by them may be quoted here:
All thoughtful people have already made their views on the reasons for the formation of the bomb party " .
The सरकारी party' has come into existence as a result of oppression practised by the official class and their obstinacy in treating public opinion .
The bomb exploded owing to the official class having tried the patience of the Bengali youth .
The responsibility for the calamity must therefore be thrown not on political agitation speeches or speeches but on the सरकारी and the obstinacy of the official class . "
He had to pay a heavy price for it because in this act he did not get the support of anybody - neither of the older admirers who watched him as an irrelevant सुधारवादियों - and not in the fierce past .
As a poet it was a stage ideal but as a social reformer he often felt the need for men and money for his institution .
But his admirers and well - wishers were inclined to believe that the school was at best a poet ' s विद्यालय .
To add adequate amounts to his school and to a large number of students he was much more difficult for them and to meet his expenses he had to sell away a part of his house and private library at Puri to increase his enthusiasm .
But the school was by no means a poet ' s सनक .
This was his sadhana a medium of creative striving for the good of his people his epic which he continued to work at the end of his life ' s hours and which grew more and more with his growth .
It was no doubt the poet ' s dream either and the poet himself gave the earliest tidings of the unborn flower to a खिलने world .
Tagore had been deeply troubled by the problems which concern the well - being of the people the greatest of these problems which attracted his attention was education which अवरुद्ध the mental development of the young generation .
The defence cannot be forced to bear this burden .
It is for the prosecution to prove that the translation is correct .
Here the charge is not based on the original Marathi article and is based on the English translation .
Supposing this was an English article and an Englishman was charged with sedition the prosecution proceeded on a document which proved different words to those written would fail .
Here there are differences between the original words in Marathi and the words used in the translations . "
Tilak submitted that a healthy criticism of administration as a social सामाजिक and a journalist was his duty .
It was the duty of every Indian .
The 22 - hour defence conducted by Tilak lasted for six days .
He pointed out that the Kesari articles were meant to warn the government that the way of repression was not proper .
Even if you do not agree you have the right to say that in your opinion the matter does not come under Section 124 - A .
You may or may not agree with my views - you may accept them or reject them .
The point is whether my action was within my rights and whether the subjects of His Majesty in India enjoy the same freedom which is enjoyed by British citizens and the Anglo - Indians in Britain .
It is not a matter of whether the views are correct or wrong .
I ' s got a change yesterday ' s views .
Gentlemen come to your views.
You will presently hear what the Advocate General has heard and His हिज will address you .
Take responsibility ; you have to decide whether the offender is " or " है " .
You are the people ' s representatives and they know their feelings and thoughts ; you must say what you think it affects .
I would urge you to forget all other circumstances outside this court .
Tagore also said that music and fine arts were greatly influenced by the child ' s emotions and sentiments .
Education is real must be in the making of an entire man so that he may as well stimulate his senses and senses .
" Man is perfect not limited in his being but in his community . "
And so in his school along with his personal end inspiration and self - reliance equal emphasis was laid on community service .
If it does not strike roots in the soil and adapt itself to the natural environments it has little value for the people .
The intellectuals of the generation and some of them still do not display for the sake of their ideas and methods of action but of encouraging and winning the sympathy and feeling from abroad Tagore maintained his admiration for the national authority .
Life can never be जीवन it समन्वित and so Tagore gave his people a लोगों tone : " If the whole world moves in the West it will die in the footsteps of a modern man. '
These were the main principles of his educational ideal which he tried to secure from his very limited resources and sources and with a very humble beginning .
It was not that having established his school he left it to his assistants to keep himself occupied with higher ends .
They showered their affection on the children with whom they loved to teach them .
They believed that every child carried a message of God and therefore did not despair even .
Finding that there were no suitable primers and textbooks available in Bengali he himself wrote these books and encouraged his colleagues to do so .
The poet could do as well as sing.
As though to test the sincerity and strength of his new devotee God sent him as he had done to his servant Job of the Old Testament a series of bereavements and शोक .
Within a few days of his coming to Santiniketan his wife Mrinalini fell seriously ill and was taken to Calcutta on 23 November 1902 .
The lady spent twenty years देखभाल with all her महिला but with full महिला she was a poet with complete loyalty and was the mother of five children .
These were published in a small volume of poems remarkable for their depth of tenderness and lucidity .
रजनी night has passed on to the bed of sorrow and my eyes are tired.
They would leave alone the numerous gifts that he had made to the poet who had given them to him and they could now only say that they would give them to God who had come to him .
प्रभात has found the dawn and you have caught him in your arms : I am making my gratitude for you and the gift that he was for .
Rabindranath sailed for her in the corner of his house in a half - घर way but he has finally come to know that he has never met her on this earth and has never gone back .
But the Lord is infinite and seeking her I came to your door.
This collection of poems was published a year later as कविताओं .
शोक disguised is more potent than grief expressed .
Look at the familiar faces of men and women around whom came from far and wide to give their love they said " It is not a court .
The Court ' s attempt to punish him - LRB - मोहनदास - RRB - was तिरस्कार by the British authorities and by मोहनदास Roy ' s effort in February 29 1921 - LRB - a - RRB - and a लिखित of the charges against him .
When the court called upon the accused to state whether they plead guilty Gandhi said: " I plead guilty on each count of the charges .
I merely observe that the King ' s name is omitted from the charge - sheet and in my opinion very properly. '
The Advocate General ( Sir T. अभियोक्ता ) special public prosecutor ) asked the court not to convict on the pleas but to continue the trial .
However the अदालत court accepted the pleas of the 'guilty' and asked the public prosecutor to say anything he wished to say on the question of penalty .
Sir T. . made the following statement :
I believe these articles are part of an organised campaign which has lasted for years .
Secondly Mr Gandhi is an educated man and a recognised leader and this makes the campaign even more harmful .
The court must take note of the inevitable consequences of the campaign as it has emerged in recent events .
The offence of the second accused is not so घोर ; yet quite serious .
In his case a substantial fine should be paid . "
When Gandhiji was asked to say anything he had uttered these memorable words: Before reading his statement he said " I should like to say that what the advocate General has said about me " .
I accept the blame for the crimes of violence committed in Bombay Madras and elsewhere .
It is true that I should have known the consequences of my action .
I believe I was playing with fire but if released.
I feel it necessary to do so as my duty to my people .
I do n ' t want your kindness .
The court must do its duty .
He wrote: " The historical presentation of a master की . rational logic . high - thinking and inspiring points all along with the Judge and the Advocate General appeared to have an immediate effect .
For a minute everybody wondered who was on trial - whether Gandhiji before the British judge or whether the British Government before God and humanity.
Mahatmaji finished reading his statement and for a few moments there was complete silence in the room .
The Advocate General then pointed out that under Section 27 - B of the Criminal Procedure Code the court might convict the accused on their pleas or proceed with the case .
As per Section 124 - A : " The general accused admit his offence ; it should be recorded and recommended .
So it was necessary for the prosecution to try the case firstly because the charges were very serious it was desirable that a full investigation of the charges should be conducted in other public interest .
But before that he wanted to hear the Advocate General who not only caused the अभियुक्त of the accused but also proved responsible for the planned campaign launched by Young India " in 1921 .
Again in the court some portions of the above newspaper were read which dealt with the responsibilities of के and this obligation was to preach disaffection to the government and prepare the country for civil disobedience .
I have only to look at one side of your character .
My function is to judge you as a man of justice a man who has broken the law and to see in the eyes of a common man a serious offence against the state .
Those in India will be few who in fact regret the government being at liberty .
I should like to strike a balance between what is due to you and what seems to me to be necessary in the interests of the public .
I propose a sentence which had been inflicted upon us some 12 years ago in a wholly unequal case .
He was finally sentenced to six years' imprisonment .
And I would like to say that if the government decides to reduce or release you under future conditions then nobody will be more glad than me . "
Again in the words of Justice नेताओं ? " Why this trial is held to be a great historical trial ? Why should he attach more importance to previous trials of leaders and patriots ?
Undoubtedly not because of the personality of the accused : not because of his extraordinary influence on those intimate Indians but because of his results in India ' s destiny but because of its basic and serious point .
The same issue had elevated the trial to such heights .
Although he was more in common to one of the earlier trials of nature ; and had fought against the tyranny and injustice of the देशभक्तों and other patriots he was above him more than his mission .
In the history of criminal trials in India it was a trial where the defendant had not spent a single hour for defence .
There was no defence counsel no legal counsel : but the accused had earned eternal glory in the moral and judicial horizon of India .
The Meerut conspiracy case trial was one of the most notorious trials which took place during the British regime .
All except M. N. Roy and the British civilian नागरिक were arrested in March 1929 and imprisoned during the trial trial .
They were charged under Section 121 - A of the Indian Penal Code .
The trial became notorious on account of its peculiar period .
To provide education to such students Rabindranath and a few other educationist organised a conference to enforce the national education scheme and became the first principal of this science .
It was in this Council that Tagore delivered a series of lectures on the principles of literature which were later published as literature .
He had hoped that by leading the popular discontent against foreign rule he would be able to put together this new zeal for national independence .
He had planned and outlined such a programme through his series of important lectures and essays in which he anticipated almost the entire basic tenets of the whole and later transformed into a nation - wide mass of non - violence and non - cooperation under the leadership of Mahatma Gandhi .
He lacked the Mahatma ' s tireless patience and persistence his calm judgement and unruffled will his genius for strategy his unrivalled gift of leadership .
Tagore rode the storm majestically for a time but as soon as it raised in its inevitable howl of violence he retired from the battle - field as a proud and clever man .
रवीन्द्रनाथ the struggle which he had inspired as a hero was severely condemned to give up his studies in the middle but we must keep in mind that Tagore knew his limitations and was wise .
Apart from social and national problems he also wrote a large number of essays on philosophy of education literary criticism traditional folk - drama elements and also a satirical line entitled 1906 and व्यंग्यपूर्ण - शिक्षा from 1906 .
The tide is symbolic of the poet ' s mood of wistful expectancy of waiting for the ferry to cross over to the other bank .
The trial in the Sessions Court started in the first week of June 1929 .
The prosecution counsel who conducted the case for the Crown produced a few more witnesses on behalf of the prosecution .
Once the prosecution evidence had been completed Bhagat Singh felt that it was time to make a detailed statement on his mission .
He had worked hard to prepare his written statement .
On June 6 Asaf Ali read this statement from Bhagat Singh and Dutt in the court .
This historical statement is an excellent document based on revolutionary and Marxian principles and जोडता a revolutionary chapter in the history of Indian revolutionary ideas .
The statement was so touching that three of the four assessors could not hide their eyes गीली with tears.
The allegations made in the lower court are correct or wrong ?
Our answer to the first half of the question is चश्मदीद but the so - called " eye witness " has given evidence in this case is utterly false .
The witnesses who have deposed to having seen bombs being thrown by us .
The bomb was necessary to awaken England from her dreams.
We dropped the bomb on the floor of the Assembly chamber to register our protest on behalf of those who had no other means left to express their inner anguish .
Our sole purpose was to make the deaf hear and warn the government in time .
Like us and people too have realised that the lofty peace of Indian humanity in the Pacific Ocean is at any time the symbol of a fierce storm .
We have only hoisted the Danger Signal 'to warn those who are speeding along without खतरे to the threat .
We only want to point out that the era of ' Utopian non - violence of whose futility the rising generation has been convinced beyond the shadow of doubt. "
On the other hand we wish to make it clear once again that we make human lives sacred and throw away our lives in the service of mankind rather than injure another .
हुए the concept of revolution it was said in a सामाजिक statement : " It is the only effective way of dealing with the major social problems of our times " solving the farmer and the worker who are a major part of the people .
The many bereavements and disappointments he had recently suffered had only served to steel his fortitude and to prepare him for the change .
These songs ( some of which were song ) mostly और and और eleven of them were later included in his English अंग्रेजी अंग्रेजी अंग्रेजी and ' गार्डनर ' . '
" What made you look at these जंजीरों chains ? "
The prisoner replied " I said " I alone have touched this chain with great concentration .
Thinking that my chain would bind the whole world except me .
And so I laboured at it with so hard a लोहे night beating the लोहे iron in a fire .
When the chain was ready I discovered myself having been जकड by its links . "
The poet has painted himself as a young man ; one day as he goes out begging : a prince comes in front of him and says , a little two .
She blushed with shame.
What give him ?
Kundan Lal and Prem Dutt were awarded imprisonment for seven and five years respectively .
सान्याल Ghosh बरी J . N . Sanyal and Des Raj were acquitted .
Of the absconding Bhagwati Charan met with an accident in a bomb explosion in May 1930 and Chandra Shekhar Azad was admitted to a police guard in Azad Park at Allahabad in February 1931 .
The legal battle was not over even after the death sentence was pronounced .
The defence council composed of special persons प्रिवी to file a petition to the Privy Council to challenge firstly the legality of the ordinance appointing a Special Tribunal and secondly to disseminate the Indian independence movement abroad .
On 10th February 1930 the petition was rejected by the Privy Council .
Not to be deterred on the 14th of February 1931 Pandit Madan Mohan Malaviya submitted an appeal to the Viceroy seeking his prerogative of mercy in निर्वासन death sentence to transportation for life on human grounds .
On 16 February 1931 Bhagat Singh जीवन and evening Lal कारावास filed a petition in the Supreme Court and his imprisonment on the validity of the proposed sentence of death on the ground that the hanging was no longer dead .
It further united the freedom fighters in their struggle against the British .
The government decided that the execution sentence would be awarded on 23 March 1931 .
After release he joined the Indian National Congress .
On the controversial issue of the Indian National Congress helping the British Government in the Second World War he resigned.
And so he seemed so lonely .
On 10th May 1924 after the arguments in the Sessions trial were concluded and before the judgment was pronounced in the Kanpur case Lieutenant - Colonel Cecil 1924 counsel for the prosecution requested the District Magistrate to issue warrants for the arrest of M . N . Roy .
The warrant was issued to Cecil था .
It was presumed that it would be sent to England for proceedings because according to Scotland Yard ' s advice was likely to reach England and Europe .
M. N. Roy reached India secretly in December 1930 .
Roy was anxious to make a lengthy statement in his defence during the Sessions trial but he was not permitted .
Later the statement was smuggled out from jail and published under the title जेल डिफेंस .
It is a remarkable legal document which has established its place in legal history .
It gives ample proof of industry comprehension and hard work of vast knowledge of M. N. Roy .
Then under Section 121 A of the Indian Penal Code he made a request in connection with the plot to deprive the King of his sovereignty of India and disputed its legality and succession .
He said that the British Government in India was a machine of 'an दमन and दमन and " The people of India are not committed to any allegiance to the British Empire " and had the right to revolt.
He supported his arguments from the quotations of Locke Hume Bentham भारत राजनीतिक राजनीतिक and other political philosophers and legal experts who wrote about the legality of the British conquest of India .
He answered the charge of the intention of using a criminal power :
But power is strength in reality .
Roy was sentenced to 12 years' transportation .
Immediately plans were made to appeal to the High Court and to the Privy Council if necessary.
Since all his friends except साम्यवाद Singh lived in other parts of the country he was given full responsibility to arrange an appeal and unfortunately साम्यवाद Singh gave up his principles a few months before the hearing of the साम्यवाद appeal .
Towards the end of 1932 he returned to Europe .
With his sudden departure Roy could not prepare for the hearing of his appeal .
It was difficult to assemble the papers of the case which were under the supervision of ब्रजेश Singh .
Most of Roy ' s loyal supporters as well as many left - wing nationalists who had come to his defence heard of the appeal by the judge Thomas in jail on 17 - 21 May 1933 .
The appeal was heard by young and competent counsel Dr K . N . Katju assisted by D . Sanyal whereas the Government advocate appeared on behalf of the empire .
Before the establishment of such a communist government the existing Constitution of India and the destruction of the sovereignty of the emperor was to be done .
Their youngest son 1907 was a time of tragedy at the peak of his family life when his youngest son शमीन्द्र was as he was more or less like his father . died of cholera at the age of 13 years ago .
In the course of five tempestuous years Tagore suffered an almost total break - up of his family life .
She lost her wife and two children the eldest daughter of her three children living three lived with her husband in West Bengal and her eldest son Mira had been sent to America a few months ago for training in agricultural science .
It was as usual for him to feel the loneliness in the midst of his solitude at Shelidah .
And this heavy shadow of depression which lay on his heart was reflected in his emotion .
He had however learnt that his Muse in the waters of his sorrow did not pollute its art ; his verse which became a means of higher love would be more devoted to all outer veils .
Though his literary talent was regarded as iron and it is said with malicious and restricted acceptance that many orthodox and स्कूली put it down to his school students for a long time and asked him to write the Nobel ( कलकत्ता ) in Bengali .
In his life he had reached the height of popularity when he led the mass movement against the partition of Bengal it had been famous for a few days and was now becoming a menace to it .
They had also alienated the ruling authorities who issued secret circulars asking the Government servants and loyalists not to send their children to their school .
Seventh charge: I. A. Section 41 ( against the said Captain P. K . Sehgal ) .
Committing a civil offence that is to say murder contrary to Section 109 of the I. P. C ( Section 302 ) of the Indian Penal Code - LRB - i - RRB - i - LRB - i - RRB - i . e .
Eight charges : Section 41 ( against the said Lt. Gurbaksh Singh Dhillon ) .
Committing a civil offence that is to say murder contrary to Section 302 I. P. C. in that he Lt. Dhillon at or near बर्मा Hill in Burma on or near about 6th March 1945 .
Ninth Charge: अभियाग : Indian Army Act 1961 : Section 41 ( against the said Captain p . 61 ) .
Committing a civil offence that is said to have been punishable under Section 302 I. P. C. in that he - LRB - Lt. Dhillon - RRB - at or near धरम Hill on or about 6th March 1945 by causing the murder of धरम Singh .
One - tenth charge under the Indian Army Act : Section 41 ( only of the said Captain Shah Nawaz Khan )
Sir N. P. Engineer opening the prosecution case said that the accused were Indian commissioned officers owing allegiance to the King and as such they were subject to the Army Act .
Tracing the history of the formation of the Indian National Army - LRB - I. N. A. - RRB - he said that Subhas Chandra Bose had left India in January 1942 for Kabul in Germany the route to Moscow .
Moreover they were looked upon as political spies and kept under watch .
And thus stood entirely dependent on his inner resources before outer conditions as well as inner necessity .
His religious poems written during this period published in धार्मिक धार्मिक and ' आवेगपूर्ण ' were full of powerful surrender and with profound simplicity like the blood of his heart reached its climax .
His religious insight like the great saints and mystics was born of deeply experienced sorrow and isolation .
The most important thing about this deeply religious insight was that it enriched instead of अनुदार his love for earth and its life .
He sought his presence not only in the privacy of the soul but in every manifestation of His play in the outer world .
As in one of his other plays the play is staged on the open air ; for nature is not merely the background of these plays but also an active character .
After cross - examination the defence counsel the three accused were lodged .
कैप्टन Shah Nawaz Khan questioned the authority of the court to try him .
In his statement he explained how and why he joined the Indian National Army .
Says सम्राट : " In short the question before me was the King or the country to choose one of them .
I decided to be loyal to my country and gave my word to Netaji that I would sacrifice myself for the sake of the country .
In सेना Sir I wish to tell you that the mercenary or otherwise army might have faced the hardships as the Indian National Army .
We fought only for the independence of India .
I do not deny participation in this battle in युद्ध but I did so as a member of the regular fighting forces of the Provisional Government of Free India who fought according to the rules of civilised warfare for their motherland .
The trial conducted on me in this Court Martial is illegal.
The defence also proved that those acts which were the basis of allegations were made in course of action by an organised army of government - LRB - which claimed the status of a state against the Japanese and its powers .
Interesting questions regarding the law of the युद्ध were discussed .
The existence of war was purely a question of fact .
“When a struggle takes the form of a war the decision is not to fight between the warring powers but to a system of struggle .
If in exercise of the rightful claim to be called the rebellion a considerable body of subjects could be raised and the struggle became a popular uprising then that population was entitled to be treated as a जनता power .
In other words if the subject people in the struggle for freedom comes to a position which could be described as a war fought by an organised army then the army has all the privileges and immunities .
War situation is विद्रोही for the action taken during the war - युद्ध ; for freedom from paternal authority to rebel or failed in warfare .
According to the maxim of International Law the successful revolution would be the government established by law .
But even if the rebellion failed their fight was a fight by an organised army then they were entitled to be called a युद्ध power .
So far as argument of allegiance owed by officers of the Indian Army who joined the I. N. A. was concerned it might be said that their allegiance lay between the king and the country .
Before Sheikh Abdullah is convicted these questions must be considered and weighed with deep responsibility in the light of the inevitable consequences .
The mischief caused by the alleged speeches or the arrest of the accused is greater than the mischief caused by the accused .
The remedy sought is worse than the disease .
You convict and बंदी a person and all possibility of reconciliation between the ruler and the ruled is complete .
Please do not force the people to think that the raising of their voices by their leaders means merely imprisonment death misery and misery .
Let them feel that the ruler is there for his people ; they appreciate the feelings and sentiments of their people and dare to say that I am incapable of ignoring the mistakes of my subjects .
One conviction will not solve the problem; it will make remedy worse than बीमारी ; it will drive hundreds of thousands into the wilderness of resentment विद्वेश असहयोग and non - co - operation .
The court ordered the following charges are proved against all the three speeches under Section 124 - A of the Ranjit Penal Code .
He is convicted under the above Section on all the three counts and sentenced to three years' simple imprisonment with a fine of rupees five hundred on each count .
In default of payment he will have to undergo a simple imprisonment for three or three months for each suit .
The sentences of imprisonment will be brought together . "
Sheikh Abdullah was convicted on 10th September 1946 .
On August 15 1947 India became free .
The Maharaja of the princely State of Kashmir had no alternative but to release Sheikh Abdullah who was set free on 29 September 1947 .
The कश्मीर of Kashmir soon became the first Chief Minister of Kashmir .
The trial of Sheikh Abdullah greatly inspired the movement of Kashmir छोडो which had failed in other parts of India .
Sheikh Abdullah ' s speeches made on 10th मई 12 शाही 14 and 16th May 1946 and Asaf Ali ' s पैरवी defence of the Kashmir' paved the way for the surrender of the rulers of various princely states of India .
What is Unicode ?
Unicode provides a unique number for each character है
No matter what is प्लैटफॉर्म
no matter what the program is.
Any language .
Computer कम्प्यूटर deals with numbers originally .
They store letters and characters by assigning a number for each letter and letter .
Before Unicode was invented there were hundreds of different encoding systems to provide such numbers .
No single encoding could contain enough letters : for example the European Union alone requires several different encodings to cover all its languages.
Even for a language like English the alphabet was not sufficient to provide single encoding for all the letters punctuation and technical symbols of common use .
These encoding systems also conflict with each other .
Thus two encodings can use the same number for two different letters हैं or use different numbers for the same letter .
Any computer ( especially servers ) has to support various signals for e - commerce ; yet when data is sent between two different encodings or platforms that data always has the risk of decay .
Unicode has changed all this .
Unicode (UTF - अक्षर gives a special number for each letter अक्षर no matter what the program , no matter what the language is .
The Unicode Standard has been adopted by leading players in industry such as उद्योग सन सन सन सन and सन सन .
Unicode is required by modern standards ( x M ) जावा Java स्क्रिप्ट ( Java script ) जावा L . C . पी .
It occurs in many operating systems all modern browsers and many other products .
The emergence of the Unicode Standard and the availability of its support equipment - are among the most recent global software technology trends .
By induction of Unicode into client - server or multi - dimensional devices and websites बचत large savings in spending than using traditional equipment .
Unicode provides the single software product or single website है which can be used in various देशों languages and countries without a Mumbai - based engineering .
This allows data to be transported through different systems without any restriction .
Unicode (UTF - 32 is a non - profit organisation set up to provide the Unicode Standard है which specifies the representation of text in modern software products and standards बढावा for development of के and encouraging its use .
Members of this Board include various corporations and organisations in the computer and information industry .
Membership in Unicode Consortium is open to organizations and individuals anywhere in the world who support Unicode and seek its extension and implementation .
For more information see the typical Glossary Unicode Enabled उत्पाद Unicode Enabled Products ' Technical Introduction and Useful source .
- K . V . वायु is our environment air water and clay mix known as atmosphere वातावरण मिट्टी and मिट्टी respectively.
Not only is the valuable non - renewable resources carelessly विनाश but in the process man has caused several threats to succeeding generations by using कचरे and producing radioactive waste .
If there is a country or place then there is a hue and cry about pollution .
Pollution दूषित the air and poisons water .
To meet the growing demand for power hydro - electric thermal and nuclear power plants are being increasingly set up .
The actual result is pollution of air and water everywhere.
More and more people have now settled in cities to increase the pollution of the cities .
According to the 1951 Census the population in the country at that time increased by 150 per cent in 30 years by about आबादी million in the census figures of around देश million .
Some of these substances are carried to distant places by wind rain and rivers .
These substances are also found in high mountains and in तट swamps and are hazardous for human beings animals birds and fish .
It is reported that lung cancer has increased by 50 per cent in a specific area of Russia - LRB - from 30 per cent - RRB - and birth defects by about 55 per cent of all have risen by पेट .
Another kind of pollution that has recently been described is radiation which is the result of an increase in nuclear power and nuclear weapons .
Radioactive materials find their way into the atmosphere and water courses .
The number of nuclear power stations in operation is far less and considered relatively safe but they can cause serious environmental and health problems .
Mining operations especially in reserve forests and sanctuaries are posing a serious threat to the environment .
For example Sariska the खदानों sanctuary nestling in the Aravalli Hills - LRB - Rajasthan - RRB - known for its tigers all over the world has now become a dumping ground for mining wastes .
As a result all kinds of animals including the tiger are virtually fighting for survival.
Lastly mention may be made of pollution caused by noise .
Pollution is like a tiger lurking in the bush and can at any time pounce upon us .
It is like a sword hanging over our head .
Man is himself walking through suicide - the pistol is pollution .
We have poisoned air water and soil with pollutants .
We have बितर the natural communities that affect our survival in the complex system of the great life - series .
We shall soon संतुलन the balance of the natural forces of the earth the atmosphere and the oceans to be disastrous for humanity .
We have reached a point where we must protect our environment from getting polluted to save ourselves .
Air pollution has never been as bad as it is now .
Industrial growth though we have great profits must ensure that the air we breathe is not vitiated . "
For instance a 500 - MW thermal power plant produces 2 000 tonnes of ash per day .
Moreover significant industries contributing to air pollution are cement concrete steel and ore processing industries .
The automobile exhausts are in no way less dangerous than the industrial smoke .
It is reported that automobiles at Greater Calcutta alone spew about 1 500 tonnes of pollutants into the atmosphere every day .
To meet the growing population the number of buses plying on the roads are increasing .
Delhi had a total number of vehicles in 1992 - LRB - estimated to be 19 lakhs - RRB - located around 5 lakhs in Chennai City .
About 4.7 lakh tonnes of smoke and toxic fumes are released every day in Hyderabad .
Air pollution in cities alone in India will be astonished to note the stupendous amounts of air pollutants in the atmosphere each year .
The pollutants comprise 10 lakh tonnes of carbon monoxide - million tonnes of sulphur dioxide - 2 lakh tonnes of hydrogen sulphide and 50 lakh tonnes of concrete wastes .
Mention may be made of the thermal power stations in India which number about 66 at present and discharge 30 to 40 million tonnes of fly ash per day .
About 2971 tonnes of pollutants per day in Mumbai cause air pollution of घरेलू tonnes per day out of which उद्योगों tonnes are released from industries मोटरवाहनों tonnes of motor vehicles and 62 tonnes out of domestic fumes .
The average yield of the sulphur present in the atmosphere is reported to be less than the safe range and has crossed the danger limit in certain regions .
In the words of N . K . दिल्ली Delhi ' s pollution can be described thus : " The air in Delhi gives it the dubious distinction of being the fourth most polluted city .
Affected individuals with diseases like anaemia are more prone to get affected because carbon monoxide may lead to serious injuries to vital organs in the body .
It is reported that lower levels of sulphur dioxide cause temporary spasm of the smooth muscle of the श्वसनी .
The cilia which protect the respiratory system get affected by sulphur dioxide causing cough shortness of breath and spasm of the larynx.
It also causes acute irritation of the eye membranes resulting in tears and tears .
Hydrogen sulphide is known to be a waste of eggs .
Lead which is discharged by the automobile exhausts is a cumulative poison causing brain damage .
A report on the industrial accident at अमेरिका revealed that about 20 per cent of the birds and 15 per cent dogs were affected in the industrial accident .
Lead poisoning is very common in cattle sheep and horses .
घास along busy roads contain substantial amounts of lead and animals grazing on them become susceptible to lead poisoning .
Air contaminated with ozone acts as an वायु and can be responsible for pulmonary changes oedema and haemorrhage in dogs cats and rabbits .
However the air - borne animals do not directly affect the anti - फ्लुओराइड but when the anti - फ्लुओराइड crops are constantly eaten the anti - dumping teeth due to हवा .
Excessive हड्डियों of the bone leads to abnormal growth .
Diarrhoea weight loss lowered fertility and reduced milk production are some of the important consequences .
A Liberian oil - tanker ran टकरा on the south - east coast of Great Britain फैल about 60,000 gallons of crude oil into the sea .
Many fish and water birds died.
This accident made the world sit up to the dangers of oil के
The Santa Barbara , California became the focal point because of the damage caused by the blow of a well in the sea - water in 1969 .
Not only was the beach affected but some birds and other animals also died.
Just after the spill it was admitted that the channel had become a ' पारिस्थितिक desert ' though recent investigations reveal that the damage was not so serious .
In 1978 a large oil tanker टकरा on the coast of Alaska was hit by a sea rock which caused a million gallons of oil to sea.
When the oil hit the shore about a million birds died.
सागर and स्तनपायी ( a mammal resembling dolphin ) were also poisoned by oil and they sank to the bottom of the ocean .
तेल accidents have not ceased to occur even in India ; a US tanker किल्टन an American tanker टकरा on लक्षद्वीप Island ( Lakshadweep ) and spilled over 5000 tonnes of special navy fuel transported to the sea .
In 1976 a Greek tanker disappeared off की without any मलबा of the tanker but only तैरती on the west coast of India were witnessed .
Sometimes oil is spread over the sea by the intentional discharge of oil ( as during the Gulf War of 1991 ) .
The stretched over a wide area of 100 km and 15 km and the thickness was about half a metre .
Such a " आतंकवाद terrorism can alter the ecology of the region in the future .
This was done in ancient times .
All this was done to minimise maximum damage to the environment and the same strategy adopted by the सागर of oil in the Gulf War .
Millions of sea birds were threatened by this oil coating .
हुए oil on their bodies the birds could not dive under to catch fish and died of starvation .
According to an estimate the amount of floating tar at any time on the surface of the Arabian Sea can be around 3 700 tonnes ; the emission of tar balls is at any time less than 1100 tonnes in the south of the Bay of Bengal .
Due to the constant exposure of oil lining in the sea most coral reefs in the Indian Ocean region ( लक्षद्वीप मूंगे in Lakshadweep ) in the Andaman and Nicobar Islands in the south - west part of अंडमान and पश्चिमी disappeared .
To avoid harm caused by oil परतों some of the following practices can be adopted .
The oil slick is set on fire .
Oil is extracted from the surface by a suction device .
. the oil into the sea is another measure for this purpose to plunge into the present absorption of the tiny particles of a solid substance or its oil powder at the top to a good time .
” Did you hear of the मानव ? "
Is it possible to make such a hill ?
It is no wonder that every urban area has small hills in each street .
Table - 3 : The quantity of solid wastes produced in India the city solid wastes ( tonnes per day - to - day solid wastes - LRB - New Delhi - RRB - Mumbai कचरा Bangalore शहर
These wastes originate from coal and mineral industries . mining industries ताप metal industries ताप engineering industries and thermal power plants .
According to a report about 50 per cent of the raw materials finally become trash and 15 per cent of them are toxic or injurious .
Millions of tonnes of metals are disposed of by metal extraction industries particularly iron and steel plants much more substantial amounts of solid wastes from the industrial effluents from the पंक plants itself .
Another important solid waste that needs attention is waste .
The waste includes sterile organs - LRB - अवयव - RRB - अवयव अवशोषक - LRB - अवयव - RRB - अवशोषक - LRB - अवयव - RRB - fluids .
कचरा wastes disposed of by hospitals and clinics cause serious health problems .
In Australia and other countries ordinance has been introduced to cover such waste and specially prepared characters for safe transportation and finally burning .
Why is solid wastes so serious about ?
This is a valuable manure in low - rain areas as it maintains moisture and releases plant nutrients very slowly .
Experiments are being carried out to obtain glucose and alcohol from the अल्कोहल present in the कचरे .
Thermal power plants cause fly ash in large quantities and disposal is a global problem .
The fly ash is a tiny ash produced by burning coal in thermal power plants and accounts for about 80 - 85 per cent of the total ash produced .
There are 66 thermal power stations in India which generate about 3 - 4 million tonnes of fly ash per day .
It is either dried up in bags or made into slurry ( to prevent air pollution ) and this slurry is put into a ash pond from where it is discharged into a nearby river .
Latest estimates indicate that if the fly ash is discarded for years it will require धरती sq km of land by the end of the century and lead to serious ecological problems .
Research continues to be carried out all over the world for the efficient use of fly ash to ward off the enormous amounts of water and land required for its disposal .
On the whole there are बिजलीघर power stations in 26 countries with a capacity of बिजलीघर मेगावाट MW in addition to 100 units under construction with a capacity of 80,000 MW .
Nuclear power stations in India are non - renewable but not as large as in the West .
A fire in the plant produced an excessive amounts of radiation into the atmosphere .
The fallout drifted into Scandinavia and eastern Europe causing enormous damage to crops and livestock.
This however does not लाभों the advantages of nuclear power plants in comparison with conventional fuels such as coal and oil .
When compared to other sources of energy the nuclear source is clean सघन are denser and produce more than fuel .
Nuclear power stations do not emit sulphur dioxide ( acid rain due to acid rain ( acid ) do not produce mainly responsible for the greenhouse effect ) , oxides of nitrogen or heavy metal pollutants .
It also costs less because it needs small piece of land to establish them and generates too much electricity ( a kilogram of uranium ) it supplies just one kilogram of electricity produced by one kilogram of uranium .
, who are allowed to be cut off from forest officials such as greedy व्यापारिक cut off more chromosomes than for commercial purposes ( new ones ) .
Illegal felling of जंगल in order to earn more money within a short time amounts of wild trees .
Mining is also the major cause for such denudation of forests .
While we need minerals we have to protect our rich forests .
Unfortunately it took a long time for the government to realise that clearing of forests due to mining was threatening our future generations .
For example deforestation in the मध्यप्रदेश hills in Madhya Pradesh has led to depletion of forests .
The fourth reason is to transform forest areas into cultivable land .
Apple and tea cultivation are major agricultural practices in such forest areas .
Large tracts of the Himalayan forests have been cut off for apple cultivation .
To maintain a healthy ecological balance one - third of the country ' s total land area should be under forest cover while in fact only 10 per cent of the land is covered by the National Remote Sensing Agency . 1982 .
If we have to raise the area of forests in the country the afforestation schemes will have to be implemented on degraded lands as well as on degraded land .
Afforestation schemes like fuel , fodder , etc will be met to meet the increasing demand while simultaneously protecting the environment .
They should plant more trees and protect the trees .
We have to think of ourselves not only as beneficiaries but as trustees of the wealth which comes to us through our forests .
Our slogan hereafter should be " a tree today and look after it every day . "
In fact
Man ' s greed has led to depletion of natural reserves and resources .
If steps are not taken on the battle footing the earth will lose its capacity to feed and deprive us and all other living beings of life .
Above all human attitude towards environmental protection is even more important .
If every citizen decides not to dump wastes in the streets and not to adopt the streets most of the urban and rural areas health problems will be solved .
It is ironical that in the name of progress we are depleting our forests and बिगाड our ecological balance .
शहरीकरण of large - scale long - term schemes have transformed many urban and semi - urban areas into commercial jungles .
Urban growth spread of agriculture building of dams and loss of forests have destroyed wildlife .
Many species of animals and विलुप्त are at risk of extinction .
Besides destroying wildlife habitats we are poisoning animals and their food with जानवरों जीवों रसायनों and other chemicals .
These chemicals are killing fish , birds and beneficial insects .
But as usually happens the first influence is far more vivid and lasting and Tagore was therefore unanimously accepted as a religious and philosophic poet from the very beginning of his west.
His own ऋषियों personality and august mien and his insistent harping on the ideals of ancient forest sages helped to confirm the one - sided impression.
पाउंड Pound who saw him as one poet sees another tried to correct the image but his voice was alone .
, the Free कलाकार ' in his review of The गार्डनर he wrote : ' Why are good men of this island unable to honour an रूई artist ' and at the same time make them feel at ease with them .
Wherever he had received honours he had better health .
On November 13 when he announced the award of the Nobel Prize for Gitanjali he was in Santiniketan the news was indeed a great adventure and a great rejoicing in the country .
What did the poet himself feel about ?
He would not be human .
The patriot in him felt a special pleasure because his country ' s name was on the world' s literary map and felt proud that it was possible .
But within him the sensitive poet was not unaware of the fact that the days of a quiet and uninterrupted pursuit of his vocation as a poet and as a teacher of little children and offering to their God are still remaining .
Five days later he wrote to रोथेन्स्टाइन : " It ' s a kind of violent excitement among the people and I am really troubled .
It is almost the same as a tin can. at a dog ' s tail making it impossible for him to move without creating noise and collecting crowds .
I am being smothered with telegrams and letters for the last few days and those who never had any friendly feelings towards me nor ever read a single line of mine are loudest in their के of joy .
This sad and bitter thought came to public notice on 23 November when a good reception of five hundred distinguished citizens of Calcutta working in diverse fields brought about by a special train to Santiniketan for the कवि of the poet .
In blunt but poetic words the poet told them that he could not accept this honour because it was all a disguise .
His audience who had always been his supporters and admirers understood that it was meant for the लोग but the people whose zest was cold Tagore never forgave him for what he had done . "
Although the prize was conferred on him for the benefit of a very personal work of एशियाई whose poetic excellence and ultimate ideal had been universally accepted the fact was that it was not for an Asian excellence .
The news was received everywhere with a shock of आघात and turned Rabindranath from a man into a still more symbol - the West had accepted रवीन्द्रनाथ alone as the symbol of Asian जलमग्न possibilities and an inevitable resurrection .
The records of the Selection Committee show that this proposal was astounding to the Swedish Academy .
The two members whose eloquent and powerful support swayed the decision of the Nobel Committee were - ) who was won the Nobel Prize three years later .
In a way it is against the nature of establishing an economic award from purely religious poetry .
It is almost the same as the गीतों of David ( the साम of साम ) or the songs of St. Francis .
" If such a query is made about modern European poetry there would be no comparison even if it has thousands of other qualities : it is not a false idea .
In its expression this classical is simply है there is an image of reflective thought - provoking self - intuitive language and they do not need a आकारगत structure as they have been perfected by mere mention of words .
It is but natural for the young maiden in a poem of हाथों to remember which is filled with water in the spring and repeated by her hands for she is reminded of the tragedy .
It is not confined to the understanding of Oriental life but it is possible to see even the European art itself as far as possible .
But I do not mean that his arrival leads to a new literary era which is the best in the history of his language .
Now he was as much for the world as for India .
And Rabindranath also believed that he had become world - famous but because he felt it about the world .
There are however many world - famous men who are world - लिए and others who have little to go ahead with their nose .
The world - consciousness which was deeply rooted in his mind - some people in their own country were victims of a misconception .
As a Christian better than a Christian he had parted with his own institutions and in accordance with the true spirit of Christ as he had understood he became a मित्र friend of all his life and in the process of service of the people .
Rabindranath Tagore with his all - powerful insight into his dramas and poems had predicted the emergence of a Mahatma in his कविताओं - 1913 and for the same reason that Rabindranath Tagore set out in November 1913 for his कविताओं - अफ्रीका and अफ्रीका - अफ्रीका .
The affection and admiration that we had for them and the spontaneous fervour for the first time burst into such intensity that it coloured all our being with its own bright beauty .
The difference between us was even more pronounced when we talked and consultation about them .
This was the case in which we discovered a new friendship with Mahatma Gandhi at some happy moment .
Both of them had their settlements in a very intimate manner .
Often under the star - laden sky we could sit there and talk softly on the terrace of the little room at Santiniketan with the Master .
He was a golden moment in our life and Mahatma Gandhi in his full sympathy had made our admiration for Gurudev .
They often tell us of their longing to meet him .
And so we were all fused together in a circle .
The end of the year 1913 was marked by Calcutta University conferring a doctorate on Tagore at a special convocation held on 26 December .
All these translations were translations of his three works published from London The लंदन Last Moon and Chitra .
Though during this year he wrote many songs some during his sojourn abroad and a few in India .
One of his poems written in the United States beginning this year was remarkable in the sense that it employed a metaphor of buying and selling it effectively .
A rich man says he will buy them for gold ; a beautiful girl रिझाना with her smile but as long as the little boy says it ' s holding her .
There were other songs which he continued to write and which he continued to छंदोबद्ध and which were published in 1914 in two volumes 1914 and गीतांजलि The next great example of the religious मनोदशा of the poet .
His faith in man ' s destiny was now more robust and his faith in life and his faith in it were accepted with greater zeal .
Their joy is ever absorbed in song and music ; the old and the young are all equally enjoying and there is an expression of innumerable moods and feelings through their sweetness and subtlety .
The words rhythms and symbols used are so simple as to them spontaneous as to say that they have not come from outside but are here .
The poet now calm and संघर्ष all the struggle and hardly scared of torture .
" How can you conquer sorrow if you flee from sorrow ?
" Nothing will burn this poison in its own fire flame " .
I think it is good for the West to have the opportunity of absorbing the spirit of the east through the medium of Bible.
It has added to your life because it was alien to your temperament.
Although you may discard some of its doctrines and teachings in accordance with the laws of science it has done its work .
Western literature too is exactly the same for us as in the elements of our life which supplement some of its concepts and some contradict our activities .
These stories may have lacked the sweet aroma of fresh fruit but they had a rich aroma of well - prepared cheese .
The author 's irony in exposing the cowardice and selfishness of the हिंदू Hindu husband is as subtle and sharp as his courage is admirable in denouncing injustice perpetrated in the name of holy scriptures and traditions .
This is the story of a brave girl साहसी who is the daughter of a helpless father who is capable of release in death : a well - known परिवार woman of a woman who by her tact उद्धार herself and takes up her husband .
It is Tagore ' s मारती which heralds her husband' s voice to proclaim her freedom .
Needless to say the author was अपमानित in Bengal as the spokesman for social justice and was insulted by the so - called leaders who publicly अपमानित political injustice .
In a third story लडकी लडकी ( an unknown girl ) he has shown that a well - educated and talented Bengali girl is far more प्राण than a sick man or an भावुक youth who has made a mistake to understand .
All these stories are told in the first person singular so that any central character may express his or her inner feelings .
One of them is परमात्मा ( वैष्णवी ) . in which a devotee leaves his home so that he can worship God .
Tagore in fact knew a woman who lived in a village in Bengal according to him had described her as ' बंगाल ' .
They did not favour anybody .
To him the war was like a wound in the breast of humanity its pain and horror to be shared by all its limbs however seemingly far removed .
While addressing his boys at Santiniketan he stressed that the shadow of sin committed by his father had to boys and so all the residents must share their sins with them even if they were taking part in the world .
In one of his poems says : " All the sorrows of the earth its sin and its sins have suddenly swelled like a tidal wave and a rose - like island ' and the sky .
Tagore wrote on the above and many of these poems ( at the same time in a mood of कविताएं - कविताएं ) : in those months of which he was moving from place to place and never in a बेचैनी manner .
What in them will recede or die and what will emerge .
All he knew was that he had to move on renew and if need be vigorously directed towards his own .
All these poems were published in 1916 in a slender volume called 1916 ( उडान ) .
This volume dedicated to his young English friend अंग्रेज marks one of the great peaks which Tagore periodically scaled in his Himalayan trip .
The title of the book was placed on a poem which he wrote in Kashmir - where the poet in the evening settled down like a कोहरे ( शमशीर ) and finally flew away from the पंखों of the पंखों
The flight of migratory birds symbolises for him the perennial motion in all things moving or seemingly motionless : the passage of time the path of matter the path of life and the eternal cry of the soul never . "
He must have chanced upon a photograph of hers for the poem is addressed to him .
The same idea of life perpetually renewing itself of Winter throwing off its mask to reveal itself as Spring is embodied in a delightful farce which he wrote for the boys of Santiniketan ( शांतिनिकेतन ) .
The play was staged both at Santiniketan and Calcutta in which Tagore played the dual role of the poet and the blind Baul or wandering folk singers .
A group of young नटखट pursue the old man Winter and परिधान him only to discover that it is only a spring but nothing else .
Edward बयार who was present in the first presentation of the play though he realised that it had the अरण्य music of the अरण्य the झुरमुट and literally झुरमुट of the south breeze जाग the soul of the Divine Light .
For his character रवीन्द्रनाथ in his own way is as great and creative as he himself is .
It is however far more difficult in one sense .
At the same time the religious faith of the medieval is far stronger than in modern times .
Tagore is essentially modern while Mahatma Gandhi is the St. Francis of आव of our times . "
Having won recognition abroad Tagore had become respectable in the eyes of the British Government in India .
Gone were the days when the Government servants were warned not to send their children to their schools and they were warned .
Now the highest British dignitary in Bengal came to pay his respects.
Tagore warmly welcomed the honoured guest and made big arrangements at the asrama to welcome him .
There were even patriots who criticised Tagore for honouring the representative of the foreign ruler .
