The appointed day or the last of the allotted days as the case may be the case may be the सदन Chairman forthwith puts every question necessary to determine the decision of the House on the original question .
24 Resolutions A resolution के is also a binding measure available to members and Ministers to discuss a matter of interest to the public .
Unlike motions in general the forms of resolutions are given in the Rules of Procedure of both the Houses.
Effect of Motions or Resolutions adopted by the House By voting on a motion or a resolution the House declares its opinion on the subject and it becomes an order of the House .
As far as their effect is concerned resolutions passed by the Parliament fall in the following categories :
Resolutions expressing merely an opinion of the House are not binding on the government .
Whether it is a matter of practice or not to indulge in such resolutions depends entirely on the discretion of the government .
Resolutions adopted by the House in matters concerning its own proceedings are binding and have the force of law .
Their validity cannot be challenged in courts .
Resolutions having a statutory effect - if adopted are binding on the government and have the force of law .
In such a situation should that trust the government ?
However after the leave of the House has been permitted he can do so only with the permission of the House .
Notice of no - confidence motion can also be withdrawn by members concerned by sending letters of withdrawal signed by all the signatories to the notice before the item is taken up in the House .
In that case the tern is not mentioned in or brought before the House .
Rajya Sabha has no power to think of a motion of no - confidence because the government under the Constitution is collectively responsible to the directly elected Lok Sabha .
A censure motion is distinct from a no - confidence motion .
The motion of no - confidence does not indicate the reasons on which it is based but a censure motion must specify such reasons or charges and it is moved for the specific purpose of सरकार the government for certain policies and actions .
A censure motion is presented to the Council of Ministers or against a minister or against some of the ministers in opposition to any of their policy and the failure of any minister or of his is resented or regret by the House .
The motion should be specific and self - explanatory so as to record the reasons for censure precisely and precisely .
The Speaker ' s decision whether the motion is in order or not for any reason is final .
No leave of the House is required to move a censure motion .
It is not as if the government can tax borrow and incur expenditure .
Since resources of the State are limited proper budgeting arises to allocate scarce resources to various governmental functions .
Every item of expenditure has to be well - thought out and the total outlay worked out for a specific period .
Plus
It is for this purpose that the Budget of the Government of India is presented before both Houses of Parliament every year .
In other words there is a proposal in the Budget of जुटाया how much money is to be spent on what and how much of it will be contributed by or raised from where .
The important elements of the financial procedures followed in India are laid down in the Constitution which ensures the supremacy of the Lok Sabha in financial matters .
The Constitution provides that no tax shall be levied or collected except by the authority of Parliament and that the President shall in respect of each financial year cause to be laid before the Houses the Annual Financial statement .
The draft Bill was submitted to the All Parties Conference held in Delhi in a slightly revised form .
The committee published the bill .
The लेबर Bill was then sent to an influential member of the Labour Party in Britain .
The Bill was first raised after it was introduced in the House of Commons .
Though with the defeat of the Labour Party the fate of the Bill was sealed it was a major effort by Indians to outline a constitutional system for India with the help of peaceful and constitutional means .
The acceptance of the famous proposal of Motilal Nehru about the national demand in 1924 and 1925 was a momentous event because the Central Legislature for the first time endorsed the growing demand that India should be made by Indians in the future constitution of India .
It called upon the Congress Working Committee to frame a constitution for India in consultation with the elected members of the Central and Provincial Legislatures and leaders of political parties .
Only verbal informal and consequential amendments can be moved at this stage .
Since the general principles of the Bill have already been settled and its details have also been examined further the lengthy debate during the third reading is rarely likely to occur .
In passing an ordinary Bill a simple majority of members present and voting is required .
Hence a Bill in a parliamentary system of government enjoying majority support makes it easy for even a government .
These besides providing for any of the matters specified in the Constitution for a Money Bill also provide for other matters .
For the sake of convenience Financial Bills may be placed in the following two categories:
- LRB - i - RRB - Bills in which Money Bills are introduced for a matter enumerated in Article 110 for the Money Bills but are not made applicable only to such matters - LRB - for example a Bill which involves the effect of taxation - RRB -.
Category B : Bills containing provisions involving expenditure from the Consolidated Fund .
Accordingly a majority of the Finance Bills are not Money Bills .
Only those Financial Bills may be Money Bills which contain solely the matters specified in Article 110 and which are above all certified by the Speaker to be Money Bills .
Besides there is a slight procedural difference in the passage of Money Bills and Financial Bills through both the Houses .
A Money Bill may be introduced only in the Lok Sabha on the recommendation of the President and the Rajya Sabha has no power to withhold its consent .
The Bills of this category contain two elements which are also found in a Money Bill ( i ) which cannot be introduced in Rajya Sabha and ( b ) on the recommendation of the President .
The discussion helps the government to consider the subject if necessary a comprehensive Bill may bring to itself .
Two - and - a - half hours are allotted on each Friday of the session for the transaction relating to the Private Members' Bills .
As far as the stages of the Bills and other general procedures of the non - official members in the House are concerned there is no difference between government Bills and non - government Bills . The Bills of a private member are also dealt with in the same manner as in the case .
If a member wants to introduce a Bill he / she has to give one - month notice unless the Speaker or the Chairman as the case may be .
The notice of the Bill is accompanied by a copy of the Bill and an explanatory Statement of Objects and Reasons .
Where a Bill if enacted is likely to involve expenditure from public funds a financial memorandum giving an estimate of the - expenditure involved is appended to the Bill by the member .
If the Bill contains proposals for delegated legislation a memorandum regarding delegated legislation is also appended to the Bill .
Moreover the Government in the Union Committees is easily persuaded to consider some points of the opposition members and constructive suggestions .
Last Committees provide useful forums for the utilisation of experience and ability that may otherwise remain unused .
They also constitute a valuable training ground for future ministers and presiding officers .
They train many members not only about the way the administration is conducted but also about the problems that the administrators have encountered in their day - to - day functioning .
An important aspect of our committee system is that the Committees on the one hand act as a barrier between the Parliament and the people on the other between the government and the people .
They enable the general public institutions and even individual citizens to participate more directly and effectively in the consideration of issues directly affecting the people .
They can also participate in the oral evidence of the representatives of the parties involved in the conduct of the interview and the investigation of the Parliament by inviting हितों representations from entities and organisations involved in the matters pending .
This procedure helps in educating the public in the functioning of the parliamentary system and focusing their attention on important public issues .
If the policy is not systematically considered the purpose of the policy could be defeated .
The policy may fail to achieve the desired goals either because of inefficiency or due to lack of proper organisation of the machinery available to implement it .
It is always necessary to have a body which should examine the policy in action and bring the governmental organisation their procedures and practices under scrutiny.
Their very performance has to be assessed with reference to their efficiency and economy for both are interdependent .
Further there is no administrative system which is 100 per cent free from problems like misuse of power negligence delay indifference nepotism etc .
It is not possible to arrive at facts in regard to these aspects of the administration without research - based study methodical enquiry and thorough examination of the officials of the ministry or undertaking concerned .
The Financial Committees play a very important role as the watch dogs of the Parliament .
The responsibility of administration to the Parliament is not direct as it is through the ministers but in the Committees the civil servants are faced with the Committees .
Thus the control of these Committees is continuous complete and direct in which all forms of investigation are to be used instead of issuing समितियों like प्रतिनिधि issuing व्यक्तियों representative and non - official associations for the study of memorandum and analysis of authentic organisations .
The three Financial Committees bring to light , waste and negligence in implementing policies and programmes approved by the Parliament .
The number of members allotted to the Indian States was also to be determined on the basis of population which was adopted for British India but the method of their selection was to be settled later by consultation .
The Constitution - LRB - Forty - RRB - was laid down ( of which 292 were delegates from eleven provinces under the Governors of British India and 93 representatives from the Indian states ) .
The Cabinet Mission recommended a basic structure for the constitution and laid down in some detail the procedure to be followed by the Constitution - making body .
Elections for the seats allotted to the Provinces of British India were completed by July - August 1946 .
The Congress won 208 seats including all the General seats except nine and the Muslim League 73 seats that is all but five of the seats allotted to Muslims .
The details of the members elected from the Legislative Assemblies of British India were as follows : ' i . e . the Scheduled Caste Federation 1 the Scheduled Castes and the Scheduled Tribes ' A full - fledged Cabinet on August 15 .
Moreover following the acceptance of the plan of June की the members of the Muslim League Party of the Dominion of India also joined the Legislative Assembly .
The representatives of some Indian States had already entered the assembly on 28 April 1947 .
By 15 August 1947 most of the Indian representatives were in the legislative assembly and the rest of the States also sent their representatives in due course .
The chairman is the ex - officio Chairman of the Committee with the Deputy Chairman in the Rajya Sabha .
The Chairman of the Rajya Sabha is the ex - officio Chairman of the Committee .
The function of the Committee is to recommend the time allotted to it for a legislative and other business to be transacted by the government .
In the Rajya Sabha however the Committee also recommends the time that should be allocated for the discussion of Private Members' Bills and Resolutions.
The Committee discharges such other functions as may be assigned to it by the Speaker or the Chairman of the Rajya Sabha from time to time .
The Committee on its own initiative may recommend to the Government to consider a particular subject for discussion in the House and recommend allocation of time for such discussion .
The role of the Committee to assist the House in allocating time for various business has always been of great significance .
At the sittings of the Committee the atmosphere is cordial and the spirit of give between the government and the Opposition has been very pronounced .
Committee on Private Members' Bills and Resolutions : This Committee of the Lok Sabha consists of 15 members with the Deputy Speaker as its Chairman .
The Committee thus performs the same function in relation to Private Members' Bills and Resolutions as the Business Advisory Committee does in regard to government business .
There is no such Committee in the Rajya Sabha .
The Committee on the absence of members from the sittings of the House provides in the Constitution that if any of the two Houses are absent a member of the House for a period of 60 days from all the sittings of the House without permission .
In order to facilitate the Lok Sabha constituted a Committee consisting of 15 members to consider requests from members to absent from the House .
In the Rajya Sabha such matters are considered by the House itself .
The functions of the Committee are to consider all vacancies received from members for permission from the sittings of the House ( and ( 2 ) to investigate every case where a member has not been satisfied or barred from the sittings of the House .
The Committee also performs such other functions in respect of the attendance of members of the House as may be assigned to it by the Speaker from time to time .
Committee on Rules : Each House has a Rules Committee .
In the Lok Sabha the Rules Committee consists of 15 members including the Speaker who is the ex officio Chairman of the Committee .
In the Rajya Sabha the Chairman and the Deputy Chairman are 16 members of the Committee .
Suggestions for amendments or additions to the Rules can be made by any member of the House minister or the Committee itself .
The Committee thus acts as an Ombudsman or Public Grievances Committee .
The privileges are enjoyed by the members of each House of Parliament individually and collectively to the House indicating certain privileges and rights without which the House and its members cannot discharge their functions effectively.
When a question of breach of privilege arises even though the House is competent to deal with it it is generally referred to the Committee of Privileges existing in either House for examination investigation and reporting .
The Committee of Privileges is constituted generally every year by the Presiding Officers of the respective Houses .
It has 15 members in Lok Sabha and 10 members in Rajya Sabha .
The functions of the Committee are of a semi - judicial nature and it is vested with wide powers .
Although its findings are subject to the ultimate decision of the House it enjoys the latter ' s confidence and its recommendations are seldom rejected .
The Committee plays an important role in safeguarding the powers and prestige of the Parliament and of the members .
Committee on Information Technology and Public Grievances
In order to monitor the implementation of such assurances each House of Parliament has constituted a Committee on Government assurances .
The Committee keeps a regular watch to ensure that the Government implementing its recommendations .
Through its reports the Committee has tried to control and regulate the vast discretionary powers enjoyed by the administration with the main objective of protecting the citizens against any excess or abuse of power .
Late Shri Mavalankar the first Speaker of Indian Parliament held that the Committee on Subordinate Legislation is the सदन of the duties of the House and keeps the administration within bounds intended by Parliament .
The Committee on Papers Laid on the Table : At every session the government lays before the Parliament its statements statements statements statements reports and papers either in pursuance of constitutional provisions or in reply to questions or to inform the members of Parliament on various matters .
While some of these reports / papers stand referred to various parliamentary committees including the Committee on Subordinate Legislation a bulk of them remain to be examined in detail by the Committee on Papers Laid on the Table which is constituted by either House of Parliament .
In the Lok Sabha the Committee consists of 15 members while in the Rajya Sabha it has 10 members .
The Committee examines all the papers laid on the Table and reports to the House in accordance with the provisions of the Constitution under which the paper is placed on the Table of the House , if any found अधीन .
Thus the Committee seeks in general to enforce parliamentary control over the administration in areas where it was not in operation till it was constituted in 1975 .
The Committee on Welfare of Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes provides several safeguards for the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes and the machinery to watch their implementation .
The Commissioner of Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes का regular reports to the President regarding the welfare of the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes which are accommodated in Parliament and confirmed to the recommendations made by the Commissioner of Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes .
The possibility of a close scrutiny by a Parliamentary Committee in itself exercise a salutary effect on the administration .
Many an act of negligence nepotism and waste are not committed for the simple fear that they may be looked into and exposed to public gaze by a Parliamentary Committee .
There is no doubt that the Committees of the Lok Sabha have proved a helpful adjunct to the Indian political system .
By consistent vigilance and fair and constructive assessment of the functioning of the Government Departments the Committees have made a distinct contribution to the effective working of the Parliament and have played a crucial role in generally strengthening parliamentary institutions in the country .
Meanwhile for a long time the idea was being observed in various fields that the committee of the Indian Parliament needed to improve and व्यवस्था the functioning of the modern state was further accentuated by the growing complexity and complexity of the functioning area .
It is through such Committees that the Parliament can keeping governmental activities under constant and continuous scrutiny besides examining all the proposals emanating from the executive within its sphere .
The 17 departmentally which are functioning may be regarded as one of the major events in the history of Parliament and the result of the new responsibilities of administration and the proceedings of the Parliament .
The parliamentary committees can play a very important and effective role in settling down in the light of the concept of responsible responsibility or in the light of any weak on all subjects and in the light of the difficulties created by the government to the government .
The members of different parties in the Committees could understand better the views of each other and would ultimately result in a proper coordination between the conflicting interests between the employees and the executive in due course of service provided the executive performs its functions and responsibilities .
If the legislature and the members of the country have to exercise their rights without fear or favour and discharge their responsibilities then they must be free to bring the weakness of the government and the functioning of the Legislature to which it is efficient .
If the decisions of the Presiding Officer were to be influenced by the Executive the very basis of parliamentary democracy would be in danger .
For the Indian Legislature the idea of a separate Secretariat was effective in January 1926 1926 when a separate office was set up for the Presiding Officers of legislative bodies in India organised by विट्ठल Bhai Patel .
On 22 September 1928 the then Central Legislative Assembly was moved by Pandit Motilal Nehru the then famous leader who was seconded by another illustrious leader Lala Lajpat Rai on the other hand the resolution was proposed to constitute a separate Assembly Department .
In fact the same resolution became the source of the creation and authority of the Assembly Department .
As a result a separate Department known as the Legislative Assembly Department was set up on January 10 1929 in the portfolio of the Lieutenant - Governor ' s real head .
The name of the department continued to remain the same until 26 January 1950 when the Constitution of India came into force and the creation of the Provisional Parliament it was changed to Parliament Secretariat .
Their names were changed to 1954 Sabha . and राज्य Sabha . respectively in 1954 .
( 3 ) In dealing with members and others dedication courtesy self - control patience , patience .
( 4 ) सुस्पष्टता precision and accuracy and to maintain complete facts before the Speaker and impartial advice
( 6 ) People notice a smile on their face and a smile .
A संसदीय board should be an impartial parliamentary officer participate in all the problems and the ability to provide a solution which is not only सैद्धांतिक but practical in the sense that the Secretariats of the Parliament are dynamic and developing agencies expected to provide .
The officers and staff of the Secretariats have to be on their toes all the time constantly thinking of improvements in the ways of serving the members and parliamentary institutions .
There is always scope for reforming parliamentary institutions .
Thanks to the training procedures and facilities the Parliament in India can take pride in having done the best .
It has been ruled that members should address each other in third person .
Members should not repeat their arguments except when it is absolutely necessary to emphasize a point .
This however does not apply to matters of privilege or where disciplinary jurisdiction of the House with respect to its members is concerned .
If we want the dispute to be a lively one which is not repeated and the arguments are confined to the points raised the written speeches have to be barred.
This however does not apply to ministers who may read policy statements from written texts and also read prepared speeches as and when they consider it necessary .
When a member is speaking a debate is impressive the behaviour of those who listen to speeches is as important as those of those speaking and therefore rules in this regard .
Tolerance of the opposite viewpoint is the spirit of parliamentary etiquette .
The House discusses subjects that are generally complex and sometimes controversial .
Members should not approach the chairman themselves but they should send चिट to the अधिकारियों officer if necessary .
Also members of public should not leave the Chambers immediately after delivering their speeches .
Every member should also listen to the remarks made by other members on his speech particularly when a member reviewed another member or a minister he or she has a right to expect the House to respond .
When he is replying to what the member or the minister is a breach of parliamentary etiquette .
In order to maintain the dignity and dignity of the House members are required not to speak of any of them .
Lady members are expected to desist from knitting in the House .
It is a usual parliamentary practice that members should not stand up to question the order as soon as the Speaker rises to speak out .
When the Speaker is standing and is addressing the House no member should go from one side to the other and not to leave the Chamber .
A member who is willing to take any action on behalf of the organisation may receive the hospitality of any kind for that job .
- LRB - b - RRB - No member should get any official information which is otherwise not to an employee in pursuance of his usual strategy ; nor should he offer any such individual ' s policy of public importance .
( 10 ) Members of any member in a case in which he has direct or indirect financial interest - are having an undesirable effect on either the public authorities or the Ministers .
( 13 ) His conduct in corruption as a member is a breach of privilege by the House .
Thus any fee received for speaking or opposing in favour of a Bill resolution or matter submitted or submitted to a Committee is a breach of privilege .
It is also a breach of privilege or misconduct on the part of a member to enter into an agreement with another person for any reward to advocate and prosecute in the House .
Unfortunately because of late the feeling of decline both inside and outside the House at the level of behaviour and etiquette .
भीतरी the Chamber and co - चैंबर with it are two covered corridors called the Inner and Outer चैंबर .
These फर्नीचर are decorated with furniture etc . whereby members can sit quietly and talk to each other .
At the first floor of the Lok Sabha Chamber are located the various public galleries and the Press Gallery .
The Press Gallery is just above the Chair and the Speaker ' s Gallery ( which is for the guests of the Speaker ) and the Rajya Sabha Gallery ( which is meant for the members of the Rajya Sabha ) .
To the right of the Press Gallery are situated Diplomatic and Distinguished हैं .
The चैंबर in the Lok Sabha Chamber with a floor area of about क्षेत्रफल sq. metres and seating capacity for 550 members is provided with a modern sound प्रवर्धन system .
In selected places on the सीटों with each seat in the बैंच the बैंच - माइक्रोफोन microphone with which lie hidden in the back of the bench are fitted small players in the Galleries are allowed to come without a microphone .
The Automatic Vote Recording Equipment installed in the Lok Sabha Chamber enables the members to record their votes quickly in cases of division .
It has a seating capacity of 250.
At the time of his birth in 1823 in the village of गांव in South India Ram Mohun Roy at forty - nine was active in Bengal and was to found the Brahmo Samaj five years later .
Devendranath Tagore . the second successor to Roy was of the age of six years .
दयानंद Saraswati . who founded the Arya Samaj in Bombay in 1875 ( a year after Ramalinga ' s death ) was born in the year after Ramalinga ' s birth .
Ramakrishna का was born in बंगाल village in Bengal when Ramalinga was thirteen.
Madame Blavatsky and Colonel सोसाइटी in New York in 1875 ( the year after Ramalinga ' s death ) founded the Theosophical Society .
They moved to Bombay in 1879 and thence to Madras in 1882 .
It was befitting that the headquarters of Ramalinga was shifted to Madras about the establishment of the Theosophical Society ( which was January 1874 ) one day before his death .
Its principles were the same as those of the Theosophical Society founded in New York ten years later .
In presenting Ramalinga poet and prophet I shall discuss not only his life but while तार्किकता my rationality also the legend in which it has been captured .
His father पिता Pillai of Saiva faith and belonging to the शैव community was गांव village accountant and teacher .
His mother मां belonged to . in the vicinity of मद्रास District near मद्रास मद्रास .
पत्नी was his sixth wife and she had two sons - पुत्रियां and पत्नी and two daughters - पत्नी and पत्नी .
It is also said that Shiva himself came to the house of the goddess . as an ascetic and was at home in course of time .
It is said that once when he was a month old his father took him to Chidambaram where he saw Ramalinga the mystic behind the screen this blank spot as the symbol of the Formless Brahma .
They lived at 39 स्ट्रीट Pillai Street near Seven Wells in the present postal zone 1 .
The poet says of his boyhood experiences :
When Ramalinga was five years old his brother Sabapathy started teaching him .
But Ramalinga was indifferent and spent his time day - to - day .
He used to play truant wandering in the streets and प्रांगण in the corridors of the आवारगी Temple .
He entrusted the teaching of Ramalinga to the Tamil Pandit Sabapathy Mudaliar of Kanchipuram .
But the savant proved equally important .
Seeing that the boy was attracting listeners by her words and songs he gave up his effort .
रामलिंग patience Sabapathy Pillai forbade his wife Parvati to feed or clothe Ramalinga .
Counselling him graciously she prevailed upon him at last to please his brother and to take to his studies seriously.
He promised requesting however that he might be provided with a room on another floor where he could pursue his studies himself .
His request was accepted .
The truant returned home and much to the satisfaction of his brother never left the house .
It was perhaps during these days that dispossessed he turned a juvenile ascetic .
In a poem he says to God :
But you गरिमा your dignity
It may be noted that he addressed God as his mother in this poem .
Maybe he was thinking of his sister - in - law Parvati who had given him the affection of his mother था him food and persuading him to return .
In later years his concern for the problem of hunger lay in this experience .
It was enough for him that Ramalinga remained at home .
Ramalinga set a mirror against the wall and set it in front of it a lamp burned .
In the flame of the world they thought of the Universal Soul and the mirror that involves the flame of which there was the flame of man himself became the symbol of man trying to keep his mind clean like a mirror .
It was at this age that he began composing songs perhaps a few weeks earlier as he himself claims to God .
It is said that it was at the age of nine that he saw the vision of Lord Muruga of दर्पण in the mirror .
It is a series of thirty - one songs sung today in Tamil में
One day he had to take charge of the girl reading the manuscripts written in the feast with the statements of रामलिंग रामलिंग and Ramalinga read so earnestly that the audience began to press for the future edition .
One day the Sabapathy who had a discourse in the house of a patron named चेट्टियार Chettiar was ill with fever .
रामलिंग : रामलिंग the biography of the poet - philosopher तिरू - तिरू who is known as the जीवनी - जीवनी जीवनी whom Ramalinga described as his ideal .
Without notes without palm - leaf scripts Ramalinga spoke.
This was his first statement which he made when he came out of the closed room .
Chief among these was a ripe orthodox Saivite called नावलर Navalar .
Navalar felt that रामलिंग ' s new religion of Sanmarga gave elbow room to other religions particularly Christianity.
नाक .
He instituted a suit against Ramalinga for alleged defamation in a discourse that Ramalinga had delivered in Chidambaram .
As soon as Ramalinga entered the court the entire crowd rose in his honour and made way for him all by conventional means .
Reference to this may be found in some of his verses quoted earlier.
The people from distant places left their homes to live with them .
People invited him to their house and celebrations .
They considered it a blessing to be of service to him .
He became a cult and legend .
'Some learned brahmins in the crowd ब्रह्मणों So Brahman cannot be conceived by the mind?
" But since Brahman transcends this Maya world and mind is of this Maya universe . "
रामलिंग is possible only through self - knowledge or through self - denial and soul knows it और Ramalinga said .
As a matter of fact this way of looking after the life of the dead is shown by those who have already worshipped the female ; and those who have attained the status of knowledge on it will regard the dead as such .
Ramalinga says that such logic is right in theory but cannot be practical .
( State of Rajasthan v. Union of India AIR 1977 SC 1977 ) ( see under chapter 6 ) Union and his state area " .
He is presided over by the President who consists of all the executive powers and is used in his name .
He is also the Supreme Commander of the armed forces .
But it is held that unlike the American President our President is only a nominal or constitutional head of the Executive .
Contrary to this e - governance is the separation of powers in the American system and the President is the chief executive for a certain term and he is not often dismissed .
In the US system the prime minister chooses his minister from among the citizens and the ministers are not members of a legislature - LRB - whereas in the parliamentary system ministers are drawn from Parliament and remain a part of it and responsible to the Lok Sabha .
The Parliamentary system may be said to give more weight to the concept of executive responsibility while the Presidential system obviously promotes more the stability of the Executive .
But it would be wrong to say that we have adopted the British parliamentary system in full measure .
The former is a unitary while ours is largely federal .
For this purpose the धर्मशाला Veda Dharma ( lit में ) is called the धर्मशाला Veda Dharma ( धर्मशाला ) in Tamil .
The same year he founded a school called Sanmarga विद्यालय School .
The school however did not last long .
During this period Ramalinga planned to publish a magazine called Sanmarga Viveka विवेक .
After the opening of a good Eating House in 1867 Ramalinga left Vadalur .
octagonal in yielding this मंदिर to his disciples and ordered it to be built .
The construction work was started in June 1871 .
They did not call it a temple complex .
The whole name was समरस . genuine Satya सभा Sabhai or in shortened form Satya थे Sabhai or in brief he wanted to avoid everything which has a religious meaning .
The whole temple was a splendour .
The Satya Sabha was octagonal and within it was a twelve - pillared room with a four - pillared hall which housed this symbol of the Light of the Universe within the knowledge .
A consecrated mirror about four feet in length was placed to reflect the Light of Supreme Grace .
Only for certain functions like sweeping cleaning and धूल lighting the lamp डालनाख् the oil might one among the allotted few enter it .
It was chosen by those who did not eat meat though they did not feed मांस and had conquered their desires and संप्रदाय their caste and creed were not named .
He says : in the little application towards the true Sanmarga Satya सन्मार्ग ( सन्मार्ग ) .
, !
We 're not affected by the two वर
Let the awareness of की
This Sabhai was renovated by a re - dedicated people headed by the venerable सभा सभा on 24 April 1950 .
During this period Ramalinga wrote also what he calls Petitions to the Supreme Light in prose .
He now issued a circular to the पंथ of पंथ .
The Instructions to the House dated 30 March 1871 carries the following :
Should one ' s body be burnt down by the weight of one' s own deeds and by the time the body should not be burnt.
Be sure to be sure that the deceased will emerge .
One should not दुख
Should a man lose his wife let him not think of remarriage .
If one ' s son dies शोक .
Let the people who have suffered the loss gather together on a day and receive , fees .
- What was that? - What was the lucky man who raised me ?
This was compassion .
The attainment of this compassion is possible only by a sense of world - unity .
As you go ahead ; he will give you the chance to acquire more knowledge .
After me none of you will come to consult me .
So vote on the path of apathy .
One should note here that the sole purpose of his life is to say - the unity and prosperity of man .
A slight resentment may also be observed about his followers but it is more clear in the circulars he sent to join but clearly and definitely opposed .
It is in this context that Ramalinga spoke sometimes to some of his disciples of the coming of people who would care with them to the Theosophical Society .
The Passing of Ramalinga THE सभा OF RAMALINGA 'S निर्वाह WITH THE running of the Sabhai or Temple was reached in his deciding to close it down in 1873 .
Within six months of its opening he had issued on 18 July 1872 written instructions on the manner of running it .
He laid down that worshippers should worship only at the entrance that people entering the Hall for cleaning it and lighting the lamp should be under twelve or over seventy - two years of age .
After closing the Sabhai he kept the key in his Siddhi सभा .
The temple remained closed until four years after his death ; the followers of अनुयायियों re - opened it and resumed worshipping in 1878 .
After the closing of the Sabhai came the great sermon at Siddhi 1873 on 22 October 1873 .
This marked the end of his outward activities .
As if in token of this in the next month November 1873 he removed the lighted lamp from his room and placed it outside .
He told his followers अनुयायियों ( as has been recorded ) you can worship here without any hindrance .
I will close my room door .
For some time the Lord will shine in this flame.
The room was opened in his presence .
A short account describing Ramalinga ' s life in the district of Madras district डिस्ट्रिक्ट - LRB - South Arcot district - RRB - ( in 1906 ) was published containing the following extracts reproduced below .
वडलूर : A small village of 189 inhabitants lying in the south - west of Vadalur in the पश्चिम Road .
The place was connected with one Ramalinga . a somewhat साधु example of a latter - day saint who later became a sadhu .
Ramalinga संन्यासी seems to have मर his disciples that they would die again उठेंगे and he consequently urged that burial was preferable to cremation.
, is also said to have been buried in this belief and those who died in other villages were buried in Vadalur and दफनाया .
In 1874 he locked himself in a room ( still in Mettukuppam ) which he used to be his samadhi or mystic but instructed his followers not to open it for some time .
He resumed speech in the last days of January 1874 .
On the 30th of that month at Mettukuppam we saw our master for the last time in the month of गुरू .
He had promised that he would never again refer to the परिस्थिति place and the situation .
By then he had promised not only in India but also in Europe and America and other countries .
During the last days of his earthly life he would frequently be surprised - the true members of the universal brotherhood live in the far north - the time is not far when people from Russia America and other countries will come and you this world .
- : - : 'This prediction of my vision has now been completed .
It may be added that the veracity of मुदलियार ' s statement was questioned by many scholars particularly the mention of some particular countries .
When the paper was written in the Bombay Gazette ( 4th November ) in an open book I began with the following confidence : when I wrote the सोसाइटी World I knew it well .
In November 1875 the Theosophical Society was founded and it was not until 1878 that the correspondence with friends in India took place ; the result was that in February 1879 the headquarters of the Society was transferred to Bombay .
The headquarters were shifted from Bombay to Madras in 1882 .
The title of the book may be said to be Ramalinga ' s religion but he did not regard the word religion as a bad luck in the last years and in his teachings he had rejected all religions and he had taken the seed of it .
Likewise the Upanishads declare that soul - knowledge is born to the individual .
Ramalinga ' s conception of the Supreme Light can be traced to the Gayatri of Rig Veda .
In 1867 Ramalinga met Sabapathy रामलिंग a young man of nineteen at Chidambaram .
This mantra from the Rig Veda . called Gayatri or Surya Gayatri has two levels of meanings : The first meaning is that of the second word , which is the true purport of the mantra .
He who dwells in the intellect ) ( शरीर ) and within the intellect whom the intellect does not know whose body the intellect is the intellect the intellect within and who rules the intellect within he is the Ruler within the immortal.
मैक्समूलरहृ
He who dwells in man and He who dwells in the sun are one.
The Gayatri Mantra ( श्लोक ) is further significant in the following verse from के ( श्लोक ) .
In order to purify and elevate one ' s views it is ordered to meditate on the Gayatri and the Self as the Light within and the outer light .
To add to the power of contemplation to God in order to contain God Ramalinga in his early years used the flame with which he reflected in the mirror .
Within my knowledge there is no saint or prophet who is as great a poet as Ramalinga .
The joy of the company of such beings is the proof of the great joy that such people do not command the memories of saints or saints.
The enchantment of his word - net is something like this .
The poet who had a spontaneous flow of verse full of lyrical intensity and self - oblivion had he been able to overcome the flow of ideas and a word or line of verse which he had never in his original human contexts .
रामलिंग रामलिंग in the context of Tennyson ' s poem ' he may be said to be best about Ramalinga ' s poetry but there are a few poets who have a lighter type of tones and are कान in tune with what they call them कान .
Ramalinga Bharati the most prominent patriot poet of Tamil was the pioneer of modern poetry in the पूर्वज of 1882 - 1921 .
The poets who belong entirely to the different and elaborated structure .
R. S. रामलिंग Tamil scholar and critic writes ( the translated writer in Tamil ) The Tamil world can never forget the great Ramalinga who fashioned new metres and new music in Tamil .
In the American Constitution the fundamental rights were expressed in absolute terms .
But there can be no absolute right to a person as the rights of each individual are limited to the same rights of at least other persons .
The American Supreme Court had to discover and identify legal restrictions on fundamental rights .
But our founding fathers decided to incorporate the restrictions within the relevant provisions .
Thus the Constitution presents a balance between the rights of the individual on the one hand and the interests of society and the security of the State on the other .
Directive Principles The Directive Principles of State Policy inspired by the Irish precedent are a unique feature of our Constitution .
Most of the social and economic rights of the people have been included under this head .
However they are said to be not enforceable in courts yet these elements are expected to guide the governance of the country .
They are the ideals set by the founding fathers before the States and all the organs of the State must strive for their attainment .
In those days the voyage across the ocean was not only an exciting journey .
It was a revolutionary act of defiance against society because the sea journey was not viewed favourably and severe punishment was prescribed for the accused .
Dwarkanath went to England twice in 1842 and again in इंग्लैंड .
The well - known विद्यार्थी Friedrich Max पेरिस was then a young student in Paris studying the Rig Veda under Prof. विद्यार्थी .
Max Muller in his biography hailed the lively and colourful रंगारंग of Dwarkanath who had been described by him in the midst of his presented and held the entire reception in memory of his अतिथियों - व्यि .
Dwarkanath did not return home from his second trip to Europe .
Like his friend and senior contemporary Raja Rammohun Roy who had died in ब्रिस्टल thirteen years earlier Dwarkanath died away from his home in London on 1st August 1846 at the age of fifty - two.
The title 1846 of The Times August 3 1846 The इंग्लैंड column in the issue of 1846 टक्कर : " Probably there is no doubt that Dwarkanath ' s sympathies for the good of the people and for the protection of his people and faith so generously .
He left behind three sons of whom the eldest was Debendranath Tagore ' s father .
Debendranath देवेन्द्रनाथ was more significant than his fabulous father in a sense .
As his father had come to be known popularly as Prince the son was known as the Maharshi for he was both a saint and a thinker .
Though born of Dwarkanath he was truly the moral heir and spiritual successor to Raja Rammohun Roy whose mission he continued and made fruitful.
His personality was deeply influenced by his intellectual development .
Born in 1817 Debendranath was brought up in circumstances of increasing luxury which reached its peak when he attained his youth .
He grew up all through the first few years of his youth with the affection of his rich father and trusted mother not only .
But this cannot continue for the crisis came early and suddenly and he was only eighteen years old .
His grandmother was on death - bed and had to be taken to a tiled shed on the bank of the Ganga for to die near the holy river was what every pious Hindu desired.
For three nights the grandmother waited for death and all the time Debendranath was keeping his presence in the dark and monotonous circle of death .
On the night before his death he sat alone by the river ; he was suddenly seized by some intense spiritual elation and he lost his normal consciousness .
Out of curiosity I picked it up but found nothing of what was written on it seemed to me .
He sent it to a famous learned scholar who identified the earlier texts of the materials as the first verse and interpreted the meaning of what is moving in the world by God .
Therefore find your enjoyment in आत्मत्याग do n ' t covet what belongs to others. ”
This was a revelation to the young devotee groping in the dark.
My faith in God took deep trouble to enjoy the divine pleasures in lieu of worldly pleasures .
" When I studied the Upanishads thoroughly and when my intellect began to be daily illumined by the gift of truth I felt a strong desire to spread the truth . "
And the first day of 1839 which day was the annual festival of the Hindu Goddess Durga in Bengal . . Devendranath accompanied his friends and colleagues and established with them a pure प्राणियों world - wide प्राणियों Sangha of light reverence dedicated to the universal and abstract gods .
This faith at once old and new was a challenge to the current Hindu dogma and ritual which centred round the TAGORE: A LIFE worship of a deity .
It was true that Devendra - nath was ushering in a new faith in his family mansion where the worship of the goddess along with the पैतृक and an hour - old had been completed and he had no difficulty in stopping it .
In 1843 the small union was made by the establishment of the Brahmo Sabha which in more or less it was the name of a Hindu and Muslim gentleman whose society with its ancestral body was to be कर्मकांड and converted into a purely communal movement .
During the crisis the son showed what metal was made .
He called all the creditors together and kept all the books of accounts before them with the announcement that the arrangement of the creditors should be held .
I wanted to renounce the world and the world left me of its own accord .
What a singular ! it was !
However for many years he had all through judicious management and frugal living to pay off the compounded debts .
Not only did he succeed in paying off all the money with interest but he could add enough to the charity and grants who had been promised generously by the Prince of द्वारकानाथ before his visit to London .
The Maharshi travelled widely in India in those days when journeying was full of hazards and was a real adventure.
The teacher enjoyed her burden and the pupil was खुशी with that lovely teacher .
What he learnt during the two months he did not know but there was a tender and innocent intimacy between the teacher and the pupil which left a permanent impress on his memory .
There was no store of books for me to give him I took the opportunity to tell him that I could write poetry .
When I told him of my poetical talent there was no doubt or doubt about it and he accepted it without questioning .
He asked the poet to give him a special name and I chose a name which he thought was very beautiful .
I wanted that name to be composed of the music of my poems and I enshrined it in a poem which I made for it .
He listened to my song in the मृत्यु mode of early dawn and said " If the poet . even on his death - bed your songs will bring me to life if I call it back to us .
Apart from the fact that girls know how to show their appreciation by some pleasant exaggeration. '
As the ship moved his heart moved in the memory of Bombay where he had spent happy days with his beautiful and young teacher .
Back at home in Calcutta was his sister - in - law whose thought was as much a stimulus as a nostalgia interwoven with joy and sorrow .
He was leaving behind all that had enriched his life .
Fortunately the letters he wrote home have survived a vivid record of the first impressions of his youthful mind with all the swagger of immature sophistication .
He regretted later that he ever wrote them .
But these letters apart from their shrewd observations on English life and manners in the seventies of the last century have considerable literary merit arid are historically significant as early specimens of Bengali prose in spoken language .
If they have the धृष्टता tongue of the author himself it is the light of the young man ' s temper which makes his या so delightful and quiet .
The paper first appeared in the ' Bharati ' s magazine ' and was later published in the ' Europe ' journal ' which was his first sea - voyage and he was no good boatman .
Turkey - bath was the same as the hands of a देह in a देह . "
His brother ' s family was in रवि and there he was very happy and felt at home .
The first thing the Headmaster said after scanning my features was: " What a splendid head you hold . "
During his stay in Cuddalore he had no friend to go to his house but had an extremely interesting experience in the social life which was because his brother and sister - in - law had invited him no less and less .
Such words of appreciation were being expressed freely in his letters home and the elderly boys had got घबराहट and he was surprised to have returned from England after his brother ' s work .
So a रवीन्द्र order was sent from India that Rabindra was to cut short his studies and return to his brother .
The light of my country and the sky of my country were silently calling me . "
For from the point of view of his creative expression his stay abroad was comparatively barren and he needed the stimulus from time to time which empowered his energy and nourished him.
On the other hand he must have succumbed to the desire of the new and sweet manufactured abroad .
Mr Scott took me by his hand and wept.
" If you had to go so soon why did you come to me with the good ? "
His friend and companion since boyhood is a girl called जी who wants to see him .
I want nothing but am wandering about - What to find ?
After all where did the wound come to me without hurt me ? "
He sees a beautiful and wayward girl and thinks he wants me .
The disappointed poet wanders about in the landscape .
When he returns he finds that the girl is on her death - bed .
He had now discovered his form and could write out his will without any fear of what has been written in the past .
" What I ' ve written " is my heart .
He began कविता himself out and as a result of the flow of rain he could not move easily and in any तिरछी manner so also बह my poetry .
Before I would have held this to be a crime but now I felt no remorse .
Freedom first brings to the laws and then laws which bring it under true self - discipline . "
The public reception of these works was satisfactory .
It was clear that a new star had arisen .
Some of the titles are expressive , ' e. g. आत्महत्या of a star ' s suicide की hopes for despair ' दु ' to invite दु ' .
By the time the ship reached Madras it was decided to go to the house but the Maharshi could not bear the strain of the hard Maharshi Devendranath requested his young student to die so that he could not bear the झेल
There is however nothing to show that he was actuated by altruistic do not have done nothing to do with the good cause of service to save his heart .
I met them कांप and कांप .
He had to return home to him the blessing of the Creator . "
From Mussoorie भाभी to where his brother भाभी and his wife were staying in a villa on the Ganges at Mussoorie .
There he spent some very happy days of his life - the ineffable days and nights with थे joy and yearning . "
It was a big rambling house with terraces and stone steps leading to the bank of the river .
It was here that Rabindranath first came in contact with the river life of Bengal and later found a prominent place in his later poems .
Nothing in the outside world seemed trivial .
" The invisible screen of the commonplace was removed from all things and all men and their ultimate significance was intensified in my mind . "
Here he saw it in his eyes alone or not merely heard things from his ears but came to know it with all his सत्व .
On the whole it was a strange feat no end .
This experience lasted four days during which he lived on a heightened level of spiritual exaltation where everything seemed more vivid more beautiful and more beautiful .
At the end of the fourth day this state of extraordinary elation passed away and with it Rabindra had crossed over what he later described as the " marginal age - where the direct rays of truth hardly ever penetrate one another where the other can .
It was on this momentous day that Tagore wrote his famous poem : " The निर्झरेर निर्झरेर which was a जीवन of what he said led his life as an adult poet .
As he put it he burst forth like a poem of love and poetry in a moving stream .
Suddenly the sun ' s rays penetrated the frozen gloom .
So he accompanied his brother and sister - in - law to Darjeeling where the magnificent Kanchenjunga peak.
" But victory was with her little house on the घर Street street .
Where then was the beauty that had so recently stolen his heart ?
What was the secret ?
This poem and a number of such poems that were to be written later are by him स्पृहणीय abstruse and critics have not ceased to be present .
When it was first published two friends of the poet laid a wager as to its real meaning.
I was only too satisfied for me that when he came to me for a solution he would not be able to find a solution as usual and would not lose any money over them .
Commenting on this academic itch to understand everything दिमागी the author wrote in his " जीवन " But does one write poetry to explain any matter?
If someone सूंघने a flower saying that I ' ve got nothing to understand it my answer would be : it ' s just a fragrance it ' s so when it comes to the meaning of only words .
Siva opens his third dread eye and the सूर्य and the stars are shattered into bits and everything is reduced to ashes.
Once again the Great ब्रह्मा rolls over and Brahma ' s eyes are closed in meditation.
In the summer of 1883 the two brothers and Kadambari Devi shifted to रहने on the south - western sea - coast of India the fragrant land of cardamom and sandal paste .
The elder brother Satyendranath was posted there as the सत्येन्द्रनाथ Judge and here Rabindranath spent some very happy and साथ days in the company of those he loved most including the two सत्येन्द्रनाथ of Satyendranath his साथी of उनके .
One of the संन्यासी has shut himself up in a cave ; this play begins with a charter of demands for self - perfection and to go beyond the limits of nature where the saint has been indulging in his उदात्त manner with great जीवन of his cave .
" I have tasted the bliss of God when Lord Shiva मिटा the unclean stain of creation from the void of eternity and sits at his सृष्टि .
But their fortunes had already laid a snare for them and the days of irresponsible and overflowing happiness were numbered.
His elder brother भाई - who was going away from the दुस्साहसपूर्ण of his adventure business enterprises and had no time to attend to the family estates and property .
The Maharshi aloof and remote but alert and watchful like unseen Providence decided that it was time his youngest son was properly yoked to the family chariot.
If the Maharshi could attend to both God and the world there was no reason why his son could not attend to both poetry and the family property .
But before doing so the wild horse must be properly broken and चढाई .
A silent edict was therefore issued that the family must look for a suitable bride for the young man .
In accordance with the prevailing custom the ladies of the महिलाओं family took upon themselves the responsibility of selecting a bride for the youngest son of the family but they were not free to decide what they wanted .
The Maharshi progressive in religious matters was conservative in the observance of social norms .
The choice therefore seemed to have been confined to some families belonging to the same sub - caste in a small town like जैसऋर .
The bride thus selected was one of the eleven - year - old daughter . who was one of the employees of the Tagore family .
Before the Forty - second Amendment the only mention of the word 'secular' in the Constitution was in article 25 ( 2 ) wherein State had been empowered to regulate or restrict any लौकिक associated with religious conduct .
Obviously here the connotation of 'secular' was' non - लौकिक or pertaining to matters other than purely religious .
The Forty - second Constitution Amendment Act which added the word secular did not attempt to define it .
It was however felt that the addition had to be felt only to approve and explain the fact which was believed to have existed as a basic feature of the Constitution .
The founding fathers tried to provide for the fullest representation by साक्षरता all the vast adult population of the country without any literacy division of income tax or males .
There is no hereditary ruler and the head of the state is elected by the people for a certain period .
It is usually called the President of the Republic .
Democratic republic may therefore broadly mean a State with an elected head and a government of the people .
All citizens are equal in the eyes of law and there is no privileged class and all public offices are open to every citizen without any distinction based on race caste creed sex or sex .
The membership of the Commonwealth India chose to remain a Commonwealth member even though it did not sign any of its prestige as a sovereign or as a Republic .
In fact it was the Commonwealth which was transformed.
In this positive connotation liberty would mean freedom of the individual to do what one likes.
Liberty of thought , faith and worship as elaborated in the fundamental rights part of the Constitution should be so regulated as not to endanger the security of the State public interest etc. .
Leaders of the French Revolution believed that all men were equal in the eyes of law .
Whether it protected or punished it must do so without any regard to distinction of birth etc.
Apart from this every citizen is equally eligible to enjoy all public office honours and positions strictly according to his / her talents only .
In the context of पुरुष equality does not mean that all men ( and women ) are equal in all circumstances .
There are bound to be physical psychological and economic differences.
Finally the reorganization of States under the Constitution ( Seventh Amendment ) Act 1956 abolished the distinction between Part A and Part B . .
Subsequently several new States viz Haryana हरियाणा Himachal Pradesh . Nagaland . Manipur Mizoram Arunachal Pradesh and Goa .
Union Territory ( Andaman and Nicobar Islands ) Chandigarh निकोबार ( 3 ) Dadra and Nagar Haveli ( four ) Daman and Diu ( 5 ) Delhi ( 5 ) now known as the National Capital Territory of Pondicherry ( Lakshadweep ) .
Where India was the old name and represented the first expression of the consciousness of the unity and integrity of the country India was the modern name from which India was known all over the world .
As a member of the United Nations also it was called India and all international agreements were entered in that name .
Both the names therefore had strong claims .
Finally the name 'India that is India " was adopted as a happy compromise .
India is a " Union ; the purpose of laying stress was to bring to light the fact that it was not the result of any bargaining or agreement between the constituent units but a clear declaration of the Constituent Assembly which had its power and authority .
No State could therefore secede from the Union nor could it suo की vary its territory as laid down in the First Schedule to the Constitution .
Article 2 provides that Parliament shall by law grant access to or establish new States in the Union of India on such terms and conditions as it deems fit .
The latest addition was that of the State of Sikkim by the 35th and 36वें Constitutional Amendments in 1974 and 1975 .
This was done at the request of the Sikkim Assembly and with the approval of the people of Sikkim .
Under article 3 Parliament is empowered to form a new State by separating a part of the territory of a State or by uniting two or more States or parts of States or by uniting any territory to a part of any State .
It may increase or decrease the area of a State and can also alter the boundaries or even the name of a State .
There is thus no guarantee of the territorial integrity or continued existence of a State .
But at the same time it has been held that the Parliament ' s power to diminish the area of any State does not include the contributions of the Indian territory to a foreign State .
( exchange of trade unions and बस्तियों in respect of बस्तियों AIR 1950 SC विनियम ) .
So we may say that India is an indestructible Union of राज्यों states .
He symbolizes that a person has absolute political membership of the state : he is his permanent allegiance to the state and that he is " widely accepted by the state to join the political system .
Citizenship provides certain rights - values duties and privileges .
All public offices are open to the citizen .
The right to vote and certain fundamental rights are available only to citizens and citizens have obligations like paying taxes defending the nation etc .
Citizenship may also be viewed as the legal relationship between the individual and the state under which the individual pledges his loyalty to the State and the State offers its protection to the individual .
This relationship is regulated by national law and recognized by international law .
On 26 November 1949 the Constituent Assembly adopted the Constitution and at once brought into force articles 5 to 9 relating to citizenship .
Until then those of us who lived in British India were under the Crown and were thus British subjects .
The partition of India and massive migrations created stupendous problems for citizenship determination .
Citizenship provisions in the Constitution - articles 5 to 11 - gave the Constitution Drafting Committee the maximum headache and took a large number of drafts and more than two years to be finalized.
Still in the Constitution only laid down the law regarding who would be the citizens of India at the time of the commencement of the Constitution .
It did not provide for the mode of acquisition and termination of citizenship .
Article 11 said that Parliament could regulate the right of citizenship by law .
Under Article 5 - 8 a person who was born in India was given the citizenship to any one of the following caste at the time of the commencement of the Constitution : i . e . who was born in India and not more than पाकिस्तान .
Thus the provisions for Citizenship at the commencement of the Constitution ( e . ) on the basis of domicile ( ii ) came from Pakistan and ( iii ) and the citizenship of Indians residing abroad .
Domicile - Domicile is an important criterion for citizenship of a country .
Raza v. State of Bombay ( AIR 1966 SC 1966 ) .
Article 5 provides that if a person resident in the territory of India lives on the commencement of the Constitution ( i . e . a person who has been a citizen of India ordinarily been born or became a resident of five in India .
Domicile by birth or residence as a person can be changed .
In fact अधिवास citizenship is denoted by domicile and not vice - versa.
The latter is distinguishable from citizenship because it is vitally related to the territory and not membership of the community which is at the root of the concept of citizenship ( Abdul Rahman v. State of Bombay AIR 1964 अधिवास .
It provides a single citizenship and is concerned with the domicile in the territory of the whole of India and not in any part of it .
There is no separate state citizenship like the United States of America .
The domicile which he has is only one domicile namely domicile in the territory of India .
( Pradeep Jain v. Union of India AIR 1984 SC 654 प्रदीप )
persons migrating from Pakistan Article 6 provides for citizenship rights of migrants from Pakistan before the commencement of the Constitution .
There are two types of distinctions among such migrants - LRB - as on July 19 1948 - RRB - when the permit system for migration was introduced in India before the प्रवास and those who came after that date .
A person who had migrated from Pakistan before July 19 1948 and would be deemed as a citizen of India at the start of the Constitution subject to birth of one of his parents or a person born in India or as a rule in India .
Thus article 8 takes care of the future citizenship needs of all Indians residing abroad .
Voluntary acquisition of citizenship of another country Article 9 provides that if a person has voluntarily acquired the citizenship of a foreign State he shall forfeit the right of citizenship of India .
This was applicable to cases arising before the commencement of the Constitution but in cases arising after the commencement of the Constitution the cases arising out of such cases shall be dealt with in accordance with the provisions of the Citizenship Act 1955 1955 .
The Supreme Court has held that it is the duty of the Government of India to determine whether or not a person has been deprived of the citizenship of India on acquisition of another country and after that no State Government is treated overseas .
- LRB - State of Kerala AIR 1966 SC 1966 - RRB -. (
Article 10 lays down that every person who is a citizen of India subject to the provisions made in Article 5 to 10 shall be a citizen of India subject to the provisions of such laws as Parliament shall exercise .
In other words it means that a citizen ' s right of citizenship cannot be छीना in any other manner than parliamentary legislation .
( Ibrahim Wazir v. State of Bombay AIR 1954 SC 229 ) .
Article 5 and the term ' used in the UK have been interpreted to cover all persons who may be in jail during trial or who may be undergoing imprisonment .
- LRB - State of Maharashtra v. Prabhakar AIR 1966 SC 1966 Sunil बत्रा v . Delhi Administration AIR 1978 SC 1978 .
For some time there were serious differences about whether corporations were also covered by legal persons ?
The Citizenship Act however made it clear that corporations were not citizens .
( Commercial Taxes Officer ( Indian Trade Corporation ) कर 4 SCR कर ) Tata Engineering and Locomotive Company Ltd .
v. Bihar ( 1964 ) 6 SCR 885 .
Parliament ' s power to regulate right of Citizenship by law and the Citizenship Act 1955 Article 11 endows Parliament with unfettered powers for enacting legislation pertaining to the acquisition and termination of the citizenship of India and all matters connected with it .
Parliament accordingly passed the Citizenship Act नागरिकता 1955 providing for the acquisition and termination of citizenship .
Thus all matters relating to the citizenship rights after the commencement of the Constitution are to be dealt with in accordance with its provisions .
The Act was amended in 1986 to tackle the situation created by the large - scale unlawful immigration into India of the people from Bangladesh बांग्लादेश Sri Lanka and some African countries .
The amendment made the acquisition of Indian citizenship more difficult .
The equality of opportunity in public planning such as the birth clause ( 1 ) of Article 16 and ( 2 ) of all citizens of India under the State shall be granted or granted equality of opportunity in matters relating to employment or appointment to any person under the state .
But in the subsequent clause ( 3 ) ) ( 4 ) ) ( 4 ) and ( 5 ) there are four exceptional situations which can be broken by a general rule of equality of opportunity .
By virtue of this right Parliament passed the Public Employment Requirements Act 1957 . .
The Act however made an exception in the case of Himachal Pradesh . Manipur Tripura and the तेलंगाना Area of Andhra Pradesh where residential qualifications were prescribed for a limited period not exceeding five years on grounds of the backwardness of the regions .
In the case of संसद Rao v. Andhra Pradesh ( AIR 1970 SC 422 ) the Supreme Court has made every part of the Act a unconstitutional contract that Parliament may करार the whole state and not occupy a part of it .
Clause ( 4 ) as the second exception in article 16 ) would represent the state in favour of some backward class of citizens who are not adequately represented in the services under the State .
And this condition may refer not only to the numerical inadequacy of representation in the services but also the qualitative one .
In other words powers can be exercised not only to provide for reservation of appointments but also to provide for representation in selection posts and posts filled by promotion .
The people perform the first and most basic application of their sovereignty when they give themselves a Constitution in which the basic rules are laid down which are transferred and exercised by certain powers to the different organs of the State .
In a federal polity the Constitution inter alia establishes शक्तियों परिसीमन परिसीमन and distribution of forces between the states at the level of federal or federal level and on the other at the level of States or units .
The Constitution of a country may also be described as its foundational law which विहित the basic principles of its polity and on the basis of which all other laws and executive functions of the State are tested to its validity and validity .
The Constitution is a living organism of active institutions .
It keeps growing ever keeps growing ever .
Much depends on the manner in which the courts of the country interpret it and the manner in which it is brought about by the conventions and practices that are produced in the actual process of bringing it into practice .
Constitutional law Constitutional law generally embodied in the provisions of the Constitution represent the fundamental law of the country .
This is particularly concerned with the basic features of the framework of the distribution of powers between the organs of the State and between the Union and the units .
Friendly relations with foreign विदेशों : This ground for imposing restrictions on freedom of speech and expression was brought in by the Constitution ( First Amendment ) Act 1951 with a view to avoiding embarrassment to India through persistent and malicious publicity .
But the ground has been criticized for being susceptible of supporting regulation curbing even criticism of the Government ' s foreign policy .
( Ranjit उदेशी v . Maharashtra ? AIR 1965 SC रंजीत ) .
Articles 129 and 215 of the Constitution empower the Supreme Court and the High Courts respectively to punish for their contempt .
393 .
Prohibition against self - विधिशास्त्र Under the can - ons of common law criminal jurisprudence a person is regarded as innocent ; the prosecution must establish his guilt .
Secondly a person accused of an offence need not make any statement against his will .
Clause 3 of article 20 however only confers a privileges on the accused which he can leave if he so desires .
The compulsory पदार्थों of the immunity to the accused is not applicable to the अंगुलियों . of substantial material खून अंगुलियों marks of शरीर or शरीर of the body ( AIR . खून )
Also the compulsion for producing कागजात papers is prohibited only when they disclose personal information of the accused in relation to the charge ( Bombay State v. काठी काठी AIR 1961 SC 1816 ) .
Sharma v Satish 1954 SC 300 306 ) .
S . किशन . v . Rama Krishna . AIR 1980 SC 185 .
Protection of life and personal liberty Article 21 of the Constitution guarantees that no person shall be deprived of his life or personal liberty except the procedure established by law .
This right is available to the citizens as well as to non - citizens .
In the famous Gopalan case वैयक्तिक ' personal liberty ' was held to mean only liberty relating to or concerning the person or body of the person .
Besides कार्यपालिका is protected only against the arbitrary executive action ( s ) of the Union v. State of Madras AIR 1950 SC 27 ) .
Freedom of conscience and religion Article 25 lays down that not only all men are entitled to freedom of conscience and the right to freely profess practice and propagate religion .
Article 28 forbids totally any religious instruction being imparted in educational institutions wholly maintained by State funds .
But modern constitutional law lays great emphasis on fundamental human rights and the relationship between citizens and the State in particular in free representative democracies .
Besides the sources of constitutional law are not only the text of the Constitution but also the federal law conventions and a number of statutes enacted under certain constitutional provisions .
Article : The concept of a polity governed by the Constitution which is within the powers of the government limited and law .
But the process of dynamic movement may come when certain existing relationships are altered varied or influenced .
In fact they are meant to affect those settled relationships and yet if you come back to the Fundamental Rights they are meant to preserve not indirectly certain settled relationships .
But there is slight difficulty and naturally when the courts of the country consider these matters they have to lay stress more on the Fundamental Rights than on the Directive Principles of State Policy .
Then you become static , and cannot change and you cannot achieve the ideal of an egalitarian society - which I hope most of us aim .
It is a fallacy to think that under our Constitution there are only rights and no duties.
The provisions therein are deliberately made elastic because the duties to be imposed on the citizens depend on the extent to which the directive principles are implemented .
Population for this purpose means the population definitely in the 1971 census .
There will be no change in the number of seats in the Lok Sabha by 2000 ( articles 81 ) .
Seats are reserved for the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes in the Lok Sabha based on state - wise population ratio .
Originally the reservation was for ten years but it has been extended every time for the next ten years ( articles 330 and 334 ) .
The raison d 'etre of a democracy - that the government should obtain the mandate of the people periodically in order to continue in office पर .
The period of Lok Sabha is five years from the date appointed for its first meeting .
The expiration of the period of five years operates as its विघटन .
Under certain circumstances it may be dissolved even before the expiration of the full term of Lok Sabha .
When a Proclamation of Emergency is in force the term of Lok Sabha can be increased which shall not exceed one year at a time and shall not extend more than a period of six months after the Proclamation has ceased to operate ( article 83 ) .
The oath / affirmation is a prerequisite for every member taking his seat in either House ( articles 99 and 3rd Schedule ) .
The salaries and allowances of the members of the two Houses are entitled to salaries and allowances as may be determined by law from time to time ( articles 106 ) .
There is no separate mention of का .
Parliament has however granted pension to members under the Members of Parliament ( Salaries Allowances and Pension ) Act .
It inter alia provided that a member should be given a pension after only a year ' s service .
But no permission was given by the President of India .
Officers of Parliament the Speaker and the Deputy Speaker for the Lok Sabha and the Chairman for the Rajya Sabha have been provided .
The Vice - President of India is the ex - officio Chairman of the Rajya Sabha .
The Speaker and the Deputy Speaker are chosen by the Lok Sabha from among their members .
A similar provision exists for the Deputy Chairman Rajya Sabha in article 90 .
Irrespective of the dissolution of the House the Speaker however continues in office until immediately before the first sitting of the new House ( articles 94 proviso 2 ) .
Sessions of Parliament
It is for the President to summon each House of Parliament from time to time .
But article 85 ( 1 ) provides that six months should not intervene between two sessions .
But the Budget Session of the Rajya Sabha is split into two sessions with a three to four week break in between thus it gets four sessions .
He shall send a Bill if it is not a Money Bill but may send the two Houses for reconsideration .
If the Bill is passed again with or without any amendments and presented to the President for assent he shall not withhold assent ( article 111 ) .
This is presumably what President राष्ट्रपति Singh did in case of the Postal Bill and President Venkataraman did in case of the Bill seeking to give pension to Members of Parliament after just one year ' s service .
Procedure in Financial Matters The budget is expected of the President to cause to be laid before both Houses of Parliament in respect of each financial year a statement of the estimated receipts and expenditure of the Government of India for that year .
It is called the annual financial statement or budget .
Estimates and Demands for निधि Estimates relating to expenditure charged on the Consolidated Fund are not submitted to the vote of Parliament but discussion on is not barred.
In legal terms it means an exemption from some duties such as duties burden attendance or liability to which others are subject.
The privileges are granted with a view to maintaining the independence of action and the dignity of the Houses of Parliament their committees and members and to enable them to function without any let or hindrance.
The privileges in practice give rise to certain rights immunities and exemptions .
The most important of parliamentary privileges is that of freedom of speech while performing parliamentary duties .
Article 19 also gives a citizen the right of free speech but articles 105 and 194 lay special emphasis on the right of free speech of members of the legislatures .
Under article 19 the right of free speech is subject to reasonable restrictions for instance the law of contempt .
In doing this members should not suffer any inhibition and they should be able to speak out their mind and express their views freely.
Unless whatever a member says enjoys immunity from legal action he cannot be expected to speak freely and उन्मुक्ति .
The Constitution then provides that no action shall be taken against any member of Parliament in any court or before any authority other than Parliament in respect of any matter said or made by a member of Parliament .
Likewise it would be a breach of privilege to take legal action against him for anything said by him in Parliament or in a Committee .
In the case of नागरिक the Supreme Court has held that the freedom to speak to the members under article 105 shall be subject to the restrictions of the provisions of the Constitution which are to be passed on to ordinary rules and orders of Parliament .
Any investigation carried out outside Parliament on anything said or done by members in the discharge of their parliamentary duties would amount to a serious interference with the members' rights .
The Chief Justice of a High Court may with the consent of the President appoint a retired judge to sit and act as a judge ( articles 215 है ) .
Every High Court shall consist of the Chief Justice and such other judges as the President may deem necessary to appoint from time to time ( article 216 ) .
Each High Court shall superintendence over all the courts and tribunals - other than those set up under any law relating to armed forces - LRB - Article 227 - RRB - in the area of its jurisdiction .
If a High Court is satisfied that a substantial question relating to the interpretation of the Constitution is involved in any matter pending in a lower court he can ask for the matter to be resolved by he or she shall deal with it .
Every High Court has full control over its staff .
The salaries and allowances of the judges and of the High Court staff are all charged on the Consolidated Fund of the State .
Appointments of officers and staff of a High Court are made by the Chief Justice of the Court or by such other judge or officer of the Court as he may decide .
The terms and conditions of service of the staff and officers of the court should appropriately be settled by rules made by the Chief Justice and approved by the President ( Article 229 ) .
The jurisdiction of a High Court may be extended to or excluded from a Union territory ( article 230 ) .
According to Article 226 every High Court shall grant उनमें and बंदी powers to enforce the fundamental rights in the territory of its jurisdiction or to issue directions orders or writs for any other purpose .
1 .
A person can be appointed as Governor only after he is a citizen of India and has completed the age of 35 years ( article 157 ) .
Also the Governor - General cannot be a member of Parliament or a State Legislature .
If any member is appointed as Governor his seat in the legislature shall be deemed to have been vacated on the date of assuming the office of the Governor .
The Governor cannot hold any other office of profit .
Every Governor shall be entitled to rent free official residence and such other emoluments etc . as may be determined by Parliament by law or under the second schedule of the Constitution .
The achievements of the Governor under the Act of 1987 are estimated to be Rs 158 per month ( articles 158 ) .
In सरकार v. न्यायालय ( AIR 1979 SC सरकार ) the Supreme Court held that the office of the Governor was not an office of profit under the government .
Every Governor and every person discharging the functions of Governor shall take an oath to faithfully execute the office and to preserve protect and defend the Constitution and the law ( article प्रतिरक्षण ) .
Governor ' s Powers and का : According to the Constitution in certain cases the Governor shall discharge his functions with the help and advice of the Council of Ministers ( article 163 ) .
The period of the Legislative Assembly shall be five years .
This applies inter alia to the privileges and immunities of legislatures disqualification of members relation between the two Houses - धन legislative procedure धन origin of money bills etc .
The Legislative Council however also has a Chairman and Deputy Chairman elected by the Council ( articles 178 - 187 ) .
The Legislature of a State may make laws for the whole or any part of the State .
Laws made by Parliament however cannot be questioned on grounds of क्षेत्रातीत operation ( article 245 ) .
Article विधानमंडल lays down that there shall be exclusive jurisdiction to make laws on items of the Union List viz . a State Legislature shall have exclusive power to legislate on matters in the State List and to make the articles contained in the Union List .
If there is an बीच between laws made by Parliament and the State Legislatures about the articles on the Concurrent List the laws of the Union would have been effective and the state ' s laws were reserved - LRB - article 245 - RRB -.
In the threefold distribution of legislative powers residuary powers of legislative legislation have been left with the Union ( article शक्तियों ) .
Also the Parliament has been given the power to make any law for the whole or any part of the country to give effect to any international treaty agreement देश convention or decision ( article 253 ) .
Again under article 250 Parliament is empowered to make laws on any item included in the State List for the whole or any part of India while a Proclamation of Emergency is in operation .
The maximum duration of validity of such laws shall be six months after the expiry of the Emergency .
In the Minerva Mills case it was held that the judiciary could act if it was established that the Union Government acted mala fide or on irrelevant or no facts .
Otherwise treatment can only be political .
A matter like the satisfaction of the President is beyond the Court.
( Minerva Mills v. Union of India ( AIR 1980 SC 1980 ) .
Proclamation of President ' s Rule It is the constitutional duty of the Union to protect its States against external aggression and internal disturbance and to ensure that the Government of every State is carried on in accordance with the Constitution ( article सरकार ) .
Apart from the Indian Legislative Council the maximum number of members other than the Governor - General ' s Council was raised from ) ( 60 ) under the Act of 1892 ( 60 ) ( these did not have the Executive members .
It was however decided that in the circumstances of India territorial representation was not suited to the people and that representation by classes and interests was the only practicable method of embodying the principle of principle when constituting the Indian Legislative Councils .
However in order to supplement the elected members ( a ) provided for the appointment of members of the government and ( b ) for the appointment of non - official members making it considered impracticable to represent the people through election .
" The elected members were to be elected through constituencies such as municipalities municipal councils district and local boards universities chambers of commerce and trade associations and groups of persons such as land holders or tea planters .
The regulations were made the majority of non - official members in all the Provincial Legislative Councils but the Central Legislative Council formed the majority of the government members .
The regulations also provided for separate electorates and separate representation for the Muslim community .
Thus for the first time the pernicious principle of communal representation was introduced .
Article 311 sought to give no protection if the services are terminated on the basis of contract or on the basis of retirement .
Article कर which provided for protection to existing officers of certain services was repealed by the 28th Amendment .
The Museum ' s mosquito collections are a reference for राल्फ s work .
When DNA is taken from the mosquitoes only a small part of the insect is used .
DNA collection
The remains of brick are frozen and stored in the DNA specimen bank in the museum .
This collection will be used as a reference for Ralph ' s current work and as a DNA collection for scientists working on other projects in the future .
अफ्रीका in the evergreen forests of West Africa have a population of सदाबहार per sq m .
In some parts of the land their number could be as high as 98 per cent .
In the tropical region the termites help to maintain the character and stability of the soil as with earthworms in Britain .
But what happens to the termites when the वनों are cleared for वनों or for cultivation ?
The Commission was expected to pay due regard to the industrial cultural and scientific advancement of India and the just claims and interests of the non - Hindi speaking areas in regard to public services .
The first Official Language Commission was appointed in 1955 .
The judgement given by the Supreme Court on Justice Jeevan रेड्डी ( प्रदेश ) and in the matter of dismissal of BJP governments in Madhya Pradesh Himachal Pradesh and Rajasthan is typically reiterated by Justice Jeevan Reddy and Ramaswamy .
Justice Ramaswamy held that a democratic government order would - be federal structure . unity and integrity of the nation secularism , socialism social justice and judicial review were among the basic features of the Constitution .
Democracy and representative institutions are not entirely new to India .
में and serious cases were often sent to the Special Committee elected from among the members of the House .
At the grassroots level democracy Regional Councils ( Urban Councils ) पौर Town Councils ; पौर and Village Assemblies were prevalent .
The emergence of modern parliamentary institutions in the modern sense the establishment and development of parliamentary government and legislative institutions for about two centuries connected with the British with India.
It would however be wrong to assume that institutions like the UK were at any time transplanted to India .
As we know the Parliament and parliamentary institutions in India they grew in India .
They grew through struggle for freedom from foreign rule and the establishment of free democratic institutions and the stopping of by the British rulers.
That was the first occasion when the Governor - General ' s Government came to be known as the Government of India and his Council was called the Indian Council .
Though some power of सदस्यों members was retained each House was to have a majority of elected members it was now necessary .
Members were to be elected directly by constituencies delimited by the Rules framed under the Act .
The electoral qualifications prescribed varied widely and were based on communal affiliation home and property .
The detailed classification of subjects was carried out by the rules of transfer as ' central " and provincial " .
The 1919 of the 1919 Act were defective .
It did not fulfill the demand for responsible government .
The Governor continued to occupy a whole place .
In the absence of financial power the वित्तीय Ministers could not effectively implement their policy .
After the suppression of the 1857 uprising it was the biggest challenge of the secular Indian nationalism to धक्का and give it the greatest victory for the British policy of divide and rule .
In the words of Sardar के it was the first expression of the राष्ट्र राष्ट्र which ultimately led to the division of the country . "
The Government of India Act 1919 1919 : By the 1919 सुधान Act and the rules framed there were several important changes in the Indian constitutional system .
The first Council constituted a total of 60 members of whom 34 were elected ( 20 ) nominated members and 6 nominated non - official members .
The strength of the Legislative Assembly under the Act was fixed at 140 : there were 100 elected members 26 nominated officials and the rest nominated non - official members .
As per the statutory rules the total number could be increased and there was a change in the proportion between the members of different classes of persons - so that at least 5 / 7 members of the total number are elected and less than one in the rest .
The first Legislative Assembly constituted under the 1919 Act came into existence in 1921 .
In the case of the Council of States the qualifications for property held such high that the House was reduced to the size of its wealthy members and traders alone .
In 1920 the total electorate to the Council was only 17 644 and for the Assembly seat .
The general duration of the Council was five years and that of the Assembly for three years .
The Governor - General could dissolve either House before the expiration of its full term .
It could also extend their normal life - time in special conditions .
The two Houses had equal powers but only the Assembly could grant or withhold supply.
Under the 1919 Act in accordance with the system which became famous as the 1919 ( ब्रिटिश ) a partly responsible government was established in the Provincial provinces but the liability of the Governor - General was to be reserved and the Governor - General .
The nature of the Central Legislature though more representative than the first Legislative Councils and had the power to supply supplies for the first time but it did not have the powers to change the government .
Thus though for the whole of British India the Governor - General was to maintain or maintain the power of the Dominion for the British subjects and subjects of the British Crown in India and beyond it he retained several important limitations .
The leaders of the Swaraj Party justified entry into the legislatures saying that under the prevailing circumstances this was the best way to make the administrative system hollow and ineffective .
The Swaraj Party achieved remarkable success in the elections of 1923 .
By winning 45 seats out of a total of 145 the Swaraj Party became the biggest party in the Central Legislature .
According to Maulana Azad the biggest success of the party was that it won even those seats which were reserved for Muslims .
During these years a great political consciousness developed in the country .
The 1919 Act provided for the appointment of a Royal Commission which would have to be established in British India for the purpose of examining the working of the system and the development of representative institutions by whom it was desirable .
In November 1927 - LRB - 1927 - RRB - Commission was announced two years before it was scheduled .
But the Commission ' s Chairman ब्रिटिश Sir John Simon . and all its members were chosen from the British Parliament .
Also the Cabinet Ministers are not collectively responsible to the Legislature .
The Congress and Indian opinion remained जनमत and pressed for reforms to make the administration more representative and responsible .
But what took him was the special legislative proposal called the Rowlatt Bills .
As a result the Satyagraha movement for Swaraj under Gandhi was started non - cooperation and Khilafat movement .
The Simon Commission : Under the 1919 Act a Commission was set up in 1929 to examine the working of the साइमन Act and make further recommendations for reforms.
After the rejection of the demand for Dominion Status a resolution was passed at the Lahore session of the Congress on Purna Swaraj .
The all - white Simon Commission was boycotted by most of the Indian parties .
The report of the Commission published in May 1930 was rejected by all political parties .
During this period the Indian National Congress presided over by Jawaharlal Nehru at its Lahore session in 1929 had declared that Puma Swaraj is our ultimate objective .
The Government of India Act 1935 1935 aims at providing a federal structure .
It provided that in the discharge of the functions of the Governor - General he shall be required to assist and extend his functions to the Council of Ministers except where he is required to exercise his discretion or to his personal views " .
The Federal Legislature There was no reference to individual or collective responsibility of ministers in the Act though every minister was expected to be a member of either House of the Legislature .
He could preside over meetings of the Council of Ministers at his discretion .
The Federal Legislature was to consist of His Majesty represented by the Governor - General and two Chambers to be respectively known as the Council of State ( the Upper Chamber ) and the House of Assembly ( Lower Chamber ) .
The Council of State would be a permanent body not subject to dissolution but one - third of its members retire every third year .
Every Federal Assembly would operate for five years if it was not dissolved by the Governor - General in his discretion .
Each House would elect its Chairman and Deputy Chairman and would have the power to regulate subject to the provisions of the ESI Act .
The Governor - General in his discretion has the power to invite and prorogue the Legislature and to dissolve the Lower House .
No Bill would become law unless agreed to by the two Houses and assented to by the Governor - General or the Bill reserved for the purpose of His Majesty ' s Address .
Even an Act assented to by the Governor - General could be disallowed by His Majesty .
The Governor - General could remit a Bill to the Houses for reconsideration .
In the case of disagreement between the Houses the Governor - General could summon a joint meeting where the decisions could be reached by a majority the two Houses were shared nearly equal powers ; सदनों the सदनों वित्तीय - सदनों financial sector .
Money Bills could be introduced only in the lower house but the Upper House had the power to amend or reject them in the same way as the Lower House ( सदन ) and the Governor - General was empowered to resolve the difference .
He has to be moderate in making use .
The people need an organisation and they need a medium to express and utilise their sovereignty .
Under the scheme of our Constitution and its provision of universal adult franchise the people exercise their sovereign power while casting their votes to elect representatives to the Union Parliament .
The Parliament becomes the people ' s institution par excellence through which the sovereign will of the people finds expression .
Initially the Indo - Greek City States and in India during the Vedic period the people themselves assembled together to decide the matters of governance .
People thus exercised their power directly in deciding matters of the State and this kind of polity could be called direct democracy .
But with the gradual increase in the size and population of the political economy and ultimately with the formation of modern nation - states it was impossible for the people to assemble at a place to discuss matters of State and arrive at decisions smoothly.
That is why all forms of direct democracy have soon vanished from the world except in some Swiss लोकतंत्र where issues could still be decided by the people directly on matters .
Modern democracy has of necessity to be a representative democracy where people exercise their sovereignty through their elected representatives .
The term " Parliamentary " has a specially democratic polity wherein the supreme power vests in the body of people ' s representatives called Parliament .
It is the pivot which is the foundation of the political system of the country .
The President of the Republic is directly elected by an electoral college consisting of the elected members of both the Houses of Parliament and the elected members of the Legislative Assemblies of the States .
Though the President of India is a constituent of Parliament he does not sit or participate in the discussions in either of the two Houses .
There are certain constitutional functions connected with Parliament which it is required to perform and the President invites both Houses of Parliament from time to time .
He can prorogue the two Houses of Parliament and dissolve the Lok Sabha .
This is not to say that when the two Houses of Parliament are not in session and the President is satisfied that there exist conditions which required him to act immediately he may promulgated an Ordinance which was passed in his power and effect .
Further he has the power to decide after obtaining the opinion of the Election Commission whether any member duly elected is affected by ग्रस्त . in Article 108 of the Constitution .
His decision on this matter is final .
Rajya Sabha ( Rajya Sabha ) as its name indicates is Council of States or Council of States .
The different States of the Union have not been given equal representation in the Rajya Sabha .
Thus while Uttar Pradesh has 34 members in the Rajya Sabha it has only one member of the smaller states in Madhya Pradesh like Manipur Mizoram Pondicherry Sikkim , Tripura etc .
The populations in some of the Union territories such as Andaman and Nicobar Islands Chandigarh Dadra and Nagar Haveli Daman and Diu and Lakshadweep are too small to be represented in the Rajya Sabha .
Under the Constitution the Rajya Sabha consists of not more than 250 members .
Round Table Conferences and the White Paper finally decided to convene a Round Table Conference in London in November 1930 to consider constitutional reforms .
This was followed by two more such conferences .
After three Round Table Conferences the British Government published a White Paper in March 1933 .
The Plan provided for a federal structure and provincial autonomy .
It proposed जिम्मेदार at the Centre and responsible governments in the Provinces .
The British Parliament constituted a Joint Committee of the two Houses to further consider the scheme of government included in the White Paper .
The Joint Committee presided over by Lord लिनलिथगो constituted a majority of the non - Congress members .
Representatives of British India and of the Princely States were invited to give evidence before the Committee as witnesses .
The Joint Committee submitted its report in November 1934 .
Based on the report a Bill was prepared and presented to the British Parliament on 19th December 1934 .
Further if the Rajya Sabha declares a resolution by at least two - thirds of the members present and voting that in national interest it is necessary or expedient to make the Parliament a power under the Constitution to be provided by the All - India Constitution .
The term संसद is often used rather loosely by Parliament and the Executive and it often has several different meanings .
But it is desirable that it should act only in consultation with the Council of Ministers .
Thus the President - elect is only a formal constitutional or nominal head .
The Government of India is made up of ministers and is the prime minister of the government .
Besides there is a permanent administration in which the civil servants are the staff of large numbers of administrators the technical experts and other administrative staff who actually assist the ministers in the formulation and implementation of policies .
For the sake of conceptual clarification therefore the term राजनीतिक may be used to indicate the political executive i . e . the Council of Ministers while the administration or the administrative " means permanent services or administrative system .
The Union List II - वैदेशिक the longest of the three lists viz . वैदेशिक Defence वैदेशिक Foreign Affairs वैदेशिक Railways वैदेशिक Communication रेलवे Banking and Currency .
Moreover the law of the Union is valid in case of conflict between the Union and the State in relation to the same subject in the Concurrent List though in other words the former prevails.
The exception of the rule in favour of any law of the State on a subject of the Concurrent area is that the law in favour of the State in respect of any article prior to the Lok Sabha is open to it in case of संसद
But the provision does not prevent Parliament from subsequently amending varying or even repealing the law made by the State Legislature .
The executive power of every State is required to be so exercised as to ensure compliance with the laws made by Parliament .
Even in the spheres exclusively reserved for the States the Union Parliament has the power to legislate in certain circumstances .
Further when a proclamation of Emergency is in operation the legislative power of the Parliament widens so that it may पर on any matter in the State List .
Though a power exercised by Parliament in the national interest or in the course of an emergency is not restricted to the general legislative power of a State Legislature particularly in a case of टकराव the legislation made by Parliament is in relation to it till it prevails .
When the two Houses pass it and on August 4 1935 the emperor permitted it to be the Government of India Act 1935 1935 .
The Government of India Act of 1935 ( 1935 ) the most remarkable feature of the Government of India Act 1935 was that it envisaged an all - India federation of States formed to join the British provinces and the Union .
By the 1930 Round Table Conference India was a completely unitary state and whatever powers the Provinces had were given to them by the Centre .
The 1935 Act for the first time provided for a federal system which would consist of not only the Governors of India but also the Chief रियासतें province and the princely states .
It finally abolished the concept of a unitary system under which the British had so far been administered .
The principle of the constitution of 1919 was decentralisation rather than association .
Provinces were free from Central control in the normal circumstances .
The Act separated Burma from India and two new provinces of Orissa and Sind were created .
Keeping in view the proposed scheme at the Centre the eleven provinces of the Governors were completely मुक्त from the सरकार Central Government and the Secretary of State except for certain specific purposes .
In other words the कर Provinces were invested with a separate legal personality .
Moreover Parliament is empowered to abolish or create a Legislative Council in a State by a simple procedure not involving an amendment of the Constitution .
This can happen only by an Act of Parliament if the Legislative Assembly of a State passes a resolution to that effect by a special majority .
Last but not the least the Parliament exercises its control over the States through the Governor .
As we know the President is a constituent of the Parliament and at the same time the Executive head of the Union .
Governors of states are appointed by him and he holds office during the pleasure of the President .
Further the President may make such provisions as he thinks fit for the discharge of the functions of the Governor of the State in any contingency not provided for in the Constitution .
All these facts however do not mean that the States should be merely administrative agents of the Union in India .
No one is subject to the other in his field .
In the words of Dr . the States are as sovereign in the field set up by the Constitution as the Centre is in the sphere assigned to it by the Constitution .
The scheme of provincial autonomy envisaged by the Act provided for a executive and a legislature in every province .
The Council of Ministers was made responsible to the Legislature and could remove it by passing a vote of no - confidence .
The Legislature could exercise some control over the administration through Questions and विधानमंडल .
The Dominion Legislature could not however accept or reject nearly 80 per cent of the grant - in - aid .
In the legislative sphere the legislature could also pass laws on subjects included in the Concurrent List though in case of divergence the Federal law would prevail .
The federal part of the constitutional scheme under the Government of India Act 1935 1935 was most impracticable .
The Provinces did not accept the scheme of the Federation and since the conditions of their accession to the Federation of Indian States could not be fulfilled and therefore the Indian Union of India as envisaged in the 1935 Act did not come into existence .
Elections to the Provincial Legislatures were held in February 1937 under the Government of India Act 1935 1935 .
The Congress once again won a resounding success in the elections .
On the whole the Congress met a total of कांग्रेस seats from among the general seats .
In Golak Nath ' s case the Supreme Court overruled its earlier decision by six and pronounced that the original powers were संविधायी in the Constitution ( article 368 ) as to cause any modifications in the Constitution itself.
In 1973 in the राज्य नाथ Bharti v. State of Kerala 21 Supreme Court reviewed the decision in Golak Nath .
Ten of the 13 judges held that Article 368 itself contained the power to amend the Constitution and that in Article 13 ( 2 ) the law ( 2 ) did not intend to make a constitutional amendment under article 368 .
The law declared in Golak Nath ' s case was accordingly repealed .
On the question whether the amendment power under article 368 is complete and के 7 judges who had a majority of their न्यायाधीशों decided that the amendment power under शक्ति 368 is subject to an underlying limitation .
The above clauses stated that the amendment powers of the Constitution under Article 368 ( 1 ) which is a constituent power ? There are no limitations expressed or implied of the शक्ति and that therefore no Constitution Amendment Act can be made .
The original clause ( 4 ) was however endorsed by the Supreme Court by signing the principle of fundamental structure in the case of the Minerva Mills v. Indian Union by signing the Constitution which was fully endorsed and adopted .
The present position of the principle of a fundamental element is that unless the न्यायालय decision is rejected by another complete bench of the Supreme Court the Court may interfere with the Constitution or any other amendment to which the Constitution establishes itself .
The Muslim League was defeated in seats reserved for the Muslims and also in the Muslim majority Provinces .
It was in fact only 51 out of मुस्लिम Muslim seats .
The Congress found a clear majority in Madras Travancore United Provinces ( CP ) Bihar and Orissa and won about half of the total seats in Bombay .
This emerged as the largest party in Assam and the North - West Frontier Province .
In Punjab the party , यूनियनिस्ट got a clear majority .
Several minor groups emerged in Bengal and Sind .
The Government of India Act 1935 has a very important and permanent place in constitutional history from India .
The Act sought to give a written constitution to the country .
Though the people of India or its representatives had no hand in building this document and it had many serious drawbacks it cannot be denied that it was on the whole and in some respects a progressive step .
After centuries a chance was given to the local Indians to take some responsibility in running the administration of their country .
Justice Ramaswamy said :
It is evident that so far there has been no consensus in this regard among the judges and no majority judgement is available laying down which of the elements of the Constitution may be considered to be the basic element .
Nothing has been done by the Court that there should not be any more elements attached to the list of basic तत्वों as alleged by different judges in different cases .
In Indira Gandhi ' s case Justice न्यायाधीश has observed that the principle of basic structure should be considered in every case and the same should be considered not in the abstract but in the context of the concrete problem .
The conditions of service and tenure of office of members of the Commission cannot be changed to their disadvantage after the appointment of office .
The Chief Election Commissioner cannot be removed from his office except through a process of impeachment as in the case of a judge of the Supreme Court .
Other Election Commissioners cannot be removed from office without the recommendation of the Chief Election Commissioner .
The Central and State Governments have to provide as many officers and duties as necessary for the proper discharge of their duties and responsibilities and as the case may be all such officers and staff members are fully responsive to the Election Commission .
Likewise for the district there is a District Election Officer who coordinates and supervises all work in his district relating to जिले under the direction of the Chief Electoral Officer .
The District Collectors or Deputy Commissioners are usually designated as the District Election Officer .
They appoint presiding and polling officers for the polling stations .
4 Election It is the duty of the polling officer at the booth to keep the interpretation of the accused officer in the discharge of his responsibilities and the simple interpretation of the members is performed on the dissolution of the Lok Sabha .
The petition can be preferred on the ground of disqualifications to fill the seat or adopting during the election any corrupt practices forbidden by law .
If proved the High Court has the power to declare the election of a successful candidate void on any of the above grounds .
If in a petition it is claimed by the न्यायालय . that most of the votes were met and if the successful adoption did not adopt such corrupt practices he may not have elected and he would have elected if he did not approve of the candidate .
Electoral Reforms During recent years widespread concern has been felt in the matter of the influence of what is called धन muscle and mafia शक्ति in the electoral process.
The tenth general elections of 1991 were reported to be particularly brutal violent and all sorts of crime riots murders and murders .
Video and other media coverage of elections and booth capturing rigging bogus voting - लेकर धार्मिक misuse of religious and caste identities and various other corrupt practices have made the need for electoral reforms .
Popular गए were formed by the elected representatives in the Provinces .
Words such as Premier and Ministers were used for the first time and were recognised as prime minister .
There were occasions when differences between the Governors and Ministers cropped up but the Governors in the Congress Provinces generally respected the powers and responsibilities of the Ministers and did not interfere with the day - to - day administration .
The ministers too performed their duties with great ability impartiality and devotion .
Even the British administrators were surprised and amazed by the administrative ability and acumen displayed by Indian Ministers .
Towards independence ( 1942 - 1947 ) the people - elected ministries were to exist for only two years .
All the Congress Ministries resigned in 1939 .
In 1940 the Muslim League passed the Pakistan proposal .
Accordingly the Cabinet Minister . Sir Stafford Cripps was sent in August 1942 .
Its proposals were turned down by all the political parties .
Meetings of the Houses are forwarded a temporary date of sittings with the invitation card for a session indicating the date on which the meetings shall be held ; the questions for which such questions are to be provided .
The sittings of the House generally begin at सदन m and से m. from सदन to सदन m. .
13 . There are many occasions when the House also functions during lunch - time and even sits late .
The लोक number and duration of Lok Sabha sittings from the first to the ninth Lok Sabha period is given in परिशिष्ट 5. 1 at the end of this chapter .
The serial and agenda of business may be divided into two main heads - i - सरकारी that is government business and non - governmental functions .
14 Public work can be further divided into two categories : ( a ) work initiated by the government ( b ) which is initiated by non - official members but taken up in the course of public work .
Instructions given by the Speaker in this order are in accordance with the priorities laid down by him regarding oath or affirmation and affirmation - a decision on oath / affirmation and leave a motion for an adjournment motion on the floor of the House.
Certain other acts arising out of the statements made by a Minister or other members representing mistakes and the internal वैयक्तिक of the individual सदस्यों of the questions i . e . g . doubts more on matters of urgent public importance .
When the automatic vote recorder is out of order or when seats or division numbers have been assigned the method of distribution of slips is used .
Members are supplied at their seats with सीटों / पक्ष printed slips for recording their votes .
अंग्रेजी is printed in green both in English and Hindi on the one hand and on the other hand in red for the पक्ष .
On these slips members are expected to record votes of their choice by signing and writing their names विभाजन division numbers and dates legibly at the appropriate places .
Members who do not want to use vote fill in the abstention slip printed in yellow both in English and Hindi .
If a member is not allotted a seat / division number he shall write his name under his signature सीट the constituency seat and date clearly .
The officer at the Table छानबीन the पक्ष / पक्ष slips and counts the votes recorded thereon and है the result .
The result so arrived at is announced by the Chair .
The Presiding Officer does not have the right to vote in the first count but in case of equality of votes he has a casting vote which may be decisive.
Statutory protection has been given to the publication in newspapers or broadcast by wireless telegraphy of substantially true reports of any proceedings of either House of Parliament provided the reports are for the public good and are not actuated by malice ( Art. का of the Constitution ) .
Normally no restrictions are imposed on reporting the proceedings of the House .
The Parliament is entitled to take action for any malicious writing लेखन speech etc. casting reflection or aspersion on its functioning or on the functioning of its members or its committees .
However no action is taken if the criticism is fair and honest .
Facilities provided to the Press in Parliament include those of a press gallery संसदीय press rooms supply of parliamentary papers and press releases access of , ग्रंथालय and Central Hall use of ग्रंथालय library and reference services .
संसद were launched in 1989 by direct broadcast of the President ' s address to the members of the two Houses with a view to bringing the proceedings closer to the people of Parliament .
From December 2 1991 - 2001 the Question Hour in the Houses - after necessary editing was being telecast on the following day .
The broadcasting of Question Hour on All India Radio was launched in 1992 .
Important occasions like the Railway Budget and the presentation of a General Budget are also telecast on the Doordarshan and the draft of all proceedings for the purpose and future use of the museum are now being brought together in the सदनों of the Parliament .
Bills moved by the Rajya Sabha not to be passed by the Lok Sabha but are still pending in the Rajya Sabha ; the Bill may not be assented to by the two Houses and by the dissolution of the House on which the Bill was notified by the President for discussion .
The Bills passed by both the Houses and sent to the President for his assent do not lapse on dissolution of the Lok Sabha.
Bills returned by the President for reconsideration do not lapse and can be भेजे by the new House .
The proposals conceded that India would be Dominion Status. Net Dominion Status and Indians were entitled to frame a constitution for themselves in their Constituent Assembly after the war .
But they allowed the Provinces to accept or not to adopt a new Constitution .
The Congress therefore rejected them because they opened the door to possibilities of dividing India into smaller pieces and there was no arrangement of actual effective power for the Indian representatives during the war .
The Wardha Congress Working Committee passed a resolution in July , 1942 demanding the freedom from the British to India .
The All India Congress Committee accepted the proposal in Bombay on 8 August 1942 .
In his address to the Committee Gandhiji declared that it was a decision of ' Do ' or मरो ' .
Arrest of Congress leaders was followed by a country - wide movement .
Meanwhile Lord Wavell replaced Lord Wavell .
It was stated in the Ninth Plan that so long as the Indians themselves ceased to have a Constitution the Executive would be भारतीयकरण as an interim order and would include the Indian politicians on the basis of equality among Muslims and caste Hindus .
The War Department was to continue with the Commander - in - Chief but to appoint an Indian member in charge of the Foreign Department .
Such a quality may be either natural or cultivated but in a wise and capable Speaker it is certainly the most effective method .
While considering or not प्रस्तावों the various proposals received the Speaker keeps his primary duty in mind as to enable him to act in such a manner as to enable the House to consider matters originating from time to time.
Whenever the Speaker is in doubt he usually gives an opportunity to the House to express his views .
He does not so conceive his duties or interpret his powers as to act independently of the House or to override its authority or to nullify its decisions.
He is a part of the House and enjoys the powers from the House for the better functioning of the House .
He is in the ultimate analysis a servant of the House and not its master .
Ten . A Bill before it is presented to the President for his assent he certified by his signature that the Bill has been passed by the House .
He can correct patent errors in a Bill after it has been passed by the House and make such other changes in it which may result in the consequential amendments to the House .
He receives documents petitions messages addressed to the House and all orders of the House are executed through him .
He had however held the same office in the Constituent Assembly ( Legislative ) and continued as the Speaker of the Provisional Parliament on the commencement of the Constitution .
The designation which the eminent person as the Speaker of the President or as he was called by 1947 has been as follows :
The Deputy Speaker is the Chairman of the Budget Committee which approves the Budget proposals of the Secretariat before it is sent to the Ministry of Finance for incorporation in a general budget .
Besides this unlike the Speaker - LRB - the Deputy Speaker - RRB - the Deputy Speaker Secretariat of the Lok Sabha - LRB - सभा - RRB - has no liability in respect of its officers and employees .
The Deputy Speaker is thus a Deputy Presiding Officer but not a subordinate official of the Speaker as the overall executive or administrative head of the Secretariat or the House .
The Deputy Speaker presides over the House for the greater part of the sitting of the House while the Speaker is busy in other parliamentary matters .
Usually the Speaker takes the Chair in the forenoon , particularly during the Question Hour and the most crucial period following soon after the Question है
He may also walk into the House sometime during the day when he finds some matter of special significance under discussion or any special situation necessitating his presence in the House .
The Deputy Speaker ' s rulings are final in so far as the matters under discussion on which they were given are concerned but the Speaker may for the sake of certainty of procedure and uniformity of practice give general guidance to be followed in the same future .
The Simla Conference : the Viceroy convened a conference of Indian leaders at Simla .
The Conference lasted from 25 June to 14 July 1945 .
Elections and Cabinet Mission : Elections to the Central Legislative Assembly in India were held long ago - LRB - which were finally held in the last quarter of 1945 .
Elections to the Provincial Assemblies were completed by April 1946 .
The result was that the Congress had received absolute majority in eight provinces ( Assam ) Bihar Maharashtra - LRB - Bombay - RRB - Bombay Central Provinces ( Assam ) the North West Frontier Province - LRB - पश्चिम - RRB - Orissa and the United Provinces ) .
In the remaining three Provinces the Congress was the second largest party .
But while the record of Congress successes in general elections remained most impressive and indeed improved the party position compared to the results of 1937 .
Occasionally the Deputy Speaker may reserve a matter for a ruling by the Speaker or may consult him before giving a decision .
The Deputy Speaker has a right to speak in the House to take part in its deliberations and to vote on a motion before the House as a member but he can do so only when the Speaker is not .
The Deputy Speaker presides over such a meeting if the Speaker is absent from the joint - sitting of the two Houses and exercises the powers of the Speaker as he does during the deliberations of the House .
The Deputy Speaker may take part in the politics of the party but in practice he as far as possible keeps aloof from participation in controversial issues in order to maintain a position of impartiality in the House .
Under the conventions and traditions that have grown round the Deputy Speaker ' s office if he is nominated or appointed a member of a Parliamentary Committee he is also appointed its Chairman .
The office of the Deputy Speaker is usually elected by a member of the opposition .
The office of the Deputy Speaker Deputy President as it was known till 1947 has its origin with the Central Legislature .
Listed below are the names of the persons to be held as Vice - President and their names are :
before Independence
फरवरी Sinha ( 3 February 1921 )
Sir 1921 1921 ( 21 September 1921 )
Diwan Bahadur T . बहादुर ( 4 February 1924 ) .
Sir Mohammad याकूब ( January 30 1927 ) .
जनवरी चेट्टी ( 19 January 1931 1931 )
Abdul मातिन Chaudhuri ( 21 March 1934 )
फरवरी Chandra Dutta ( 5 February 1936 )
Sir Mohammad खां Khan ( 5 February 1946 )
अय्यंगर Ayyangar ( 30 May अय्यंगर 1952 - 8 May 1956 )
David Jones and Paul जोन्स is trying to collect these सदाबहार from all over the world .
historical archive
Being the largest collection of tropical termites throughout the world the museum is suitable for research .
The termites are busy beings .
The process of digging soil and mud heaps of soil and their role in releasing nutrients back from dead plants is important .
Paul ' s soil team is collecting soil samples from different दीमक areas to counted among the remaining termite species .
How do scientists use our historic collections as reference ?
They are using the collections as reference to a reference .
It contains more than 80 per cent of the known termite species in the world .
A Chairman may however reserve major issues for decision by the Speaker .
It is a contempt of the House to denigrate his conduct while he is in the Chair ; he is required to be shown all respect .
A Chairman is free to participate fully in all the discussions in the House and take active part in all matters including controversial issues before the House .
He attends the meetings of his party and is usually an active member of his party .
The Speaker invariably chooses members from both the parties as well as from the opposition parties .
The selection is generally exercised by the Speaker but he may consult the leaders of political parties in the House before selection .
The Secretary - General the third important officer of the House is the Secretary - General
He is the adviser to the Speaker to the House and to the members on all parliamentary functions and activities and all matters of procedure and practice .
As a permanent officer who is the head of the Table and continues to work as a link between the changing different chambers and the सदनों General Secretary is the custodian of parliamentary conventions and traditions and is the custodian of the first houses and the experience of his own.
The Secretary - General discharges in his own right many legislative functions administrative and executive functions and provides services and facilities to the members .
He is the overall incharge of the Watch and Ward Organisation and the security in the precincts of the Parliament Estate .
The Parliament Library also functions under him. Research Reference Documentation and Information Services .
He is responsible for the maintenance and upkeep of the buildings and properties of the Parliament .
As the overall head of the parliamentary Museum and Archives he is the custodian of the heritage of Parliament and the keeper of all parliamentary records .
He is the head of the legislative services and the Secretariat of the House and is responsible for its administration for maintaining discipline and for seeing that the secretarial work of the House and its Committees is organised properly and conducted efficiently and efficiently .
He provides secretarial assistance and staff to all the Parliamentary Committees and is available to them for advice.
His role for the members and committees is that of a friend philosopher and guide .
Members of various political parties approach him for advice.
To a great extent he has to maintain the same role of impartiality and objectivity as that observed by the Speaker .
He must be a fully conscious and quick - जागरूक person .
For a person holding the post of Secretary - General it is necessary that he is a genius and versatile in the manifold functions of the Parliament and is entrusted to him with a more technical and complicated nature of all kinds of officials and scholars .
The work is organised in such a manner that each unit is concerned with a particular subject or aspect of parliamentary life and is equipped with men of calibre who are equipped technically and who discharge their duties efficiently.
It is the duty of the Secretary - General to see that adequate personnel should be trained to fill the gaps occurring from time to time and that the efficiency of parliamentary work is maintained at a high level .
Much therefore depends upon the personality and mind of the occupant of the post of Secretary - General in giving shape and character to the Secretariat of the House .
He is absolutely non - partisan and objective in his approach and approach .
He is elected from among the officers who have made their mark in the service of Parliament acting in various capacities in the Secretariat of the House .
The Speaker is the authority to choose and appoint him .
Once appointed he attains the age of निवृत्ति which is 60 years at the time of retirement and continues to remain in his office till he attains that hour .
He cannot be criticised in the House and his actions in the House or outside are not discussed .
It is only responsible to the Speaker for the protection of service and freedom of the services and provision of adequate safeguards in order to ensure that he performs his duties in a most humane and just fair manner .
The Lok Sabha Secretariat is altogether separate and under the control of the Speaker so that the Parliament can get independent advice and its directions can be implemented without any outside interference or internal pressure .
The Secretary - General releases the reports and papers of the House to which he is presented by the Speaker to the members concerned ; the papers carry out the notices and the correspondence thereof to be submitted to the House ;
संसदीय as a Parliamentary Study and Training Centre he organizes new members of Parliament and State Legislature प्रशासनिक of the Indian Administrative Service विदेश Indian Foreign Services and Training and Programmes for Senior Courses अधिकारियों of Indian Universities and other Indian Services.
He accompanies parliamentary delegations abroad and attends to numerous other activities of the Parliament .
When the Commonwealth राष्ट्रमंडल Conference is held in the country the Secretary - General of the Lok Sabha is the ex - officio Secretary - General of the Conference .
Similarly लोक questions which are of public importance and which are likely to be प्रश्न are put as starred questions .
But it is the discretion of the Speaker to put questions for oral answer or to written answers as he thinks fit.
8 . In point of time of the House and other business to be transacted it has been provided that a member of the Lok Sabha cannot ask more than five questions a day of both the starred and the अतारांकित category .
Further not more than three starred questions in the Rajya Sabha and not more than one starred question in the Lok Sabha on the same day .
The maximum number of questions in the अतारांकित list for a day is 230 .
There is no such limit in the Rajya Sabha but normally the number of अतारांकित questions listed for a day is less than 200 .
In order to answer questions the Ministries and Departments of the Government of India have been divided into five groups viz . b . C . ग्रुपों D and E groups respectively on Tuesday मंगलवार and Fridays for मंगलवार .
The grouping is done in such a way that each minister has one fixed day in the Lok Sabha for answering questions in the Rajya Sabha and another day in a week to answer questions in the Rajya Sabha .
A list of finally admitted questions is sent to the Ministries at least five days before the specified date for asking questions to provide them sufficient time for preparing the answer .
The member whose question has been admitted as a starred question for a particular day is called by the Speaker or the Chairman as the case may be asked to ask the question question सदस्य
That member rises to his place and asks the question merely by reading the number of questions from the list not reading the question .
11 . After that the minister replies to the question .
No debate is permitted during the Question Hour on any question or answer given .
However supplementary or follow - up questions may be permitted to explain any of the facts regarding a given answer .
12 . A member in whose name the question is recorded may ask two supplementary questions .
The other members who can easily ask one supplementary question generally ask the member of the government to ask one question and ask another question .
By allowing a reasonable number of supplementary questions depending upon the importance of the question and opportunity to ask the members of all parties in the House the Speaker ensures the efficacy of this unique parliamentary device.
Short notice question may be given for the oral answer to a question of urgent public importance within a period of less than ten days .
13 . The member who gives notice of such a question may ask questions precisely for any reason .
If the minister agrees to answer a short notice question it is fixed on a date indicated by him .
If the minister denies to answer a question on short notice and the Speaker / Chairman is of opinion that the question is so important that the question should be answered in the House for the first day it may give the answer as to the question .
Only one such question can be placed in the list of questions on a particular day .
At the end of the Question Hour short notice questions - LRB - questions - RRB - if any is pressed and disposed of in the same way as the question for oral answer is disposed of .
Short notice questions are the same conditions as ordinary questions for oral answer .
However a matter of urgent public importance may be raised if the Speaker agrees by him the adjournment motion in कर a regular business may be brought before the House by a simple adjournment motion whose basic objective may be to move an adjournment motion in recent matter and urgent public importance .
( a ) matter should be certain ;
( b ) It has a factual basis ;
Thus the political situation in the country such as lawlessness unemployment railway accidents and aircraft crashes closure of mills the international situation in general is not appropriate .
Similarly shortage of transport vehicles अपहरण cases of kidnapping dacoity explosions communal tensions have been held not to be appropriate matters for such a proposal .
It should not raise any matter which has already been discussed in the same session .
The subject of such a motion must be directly or indirectly related to the conduct or default of the Government of India .
But if any matter concerning the constitutional development in the State or atrocities on Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes or the weaker sections of the समाज it may be considered for admission on merit.
In making these suggestions the Cabinet Mission made it clear that its aim was not to lay down the details of a constitution but to activate the machinery by which Indians could frame the constitution .
The Interim Government was announced on August 24 1946 .
In it Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru . Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel , Dr .
Rajendra Prasad . Asaf Ali शरतचन्द्र Sarat Chandra Bose . Dr .
John L . अहमद Sir शफात Ahmed Khan Jagjivan Ram Sardar Baldev Singh सैयद Syed Ali सैयद C . Rajagopalachari and Dr .
Technically they were all members of the Viceroy ' s Executive Council and was the Speaker of the Viceroy .
He and eleven of his colleagues took the oath of office on 2nd September 1946 .
The door was kept open to join the Muslim League later .
It may be noted that the Speaker has no power to adjourn the House till the discussion on such a proposal is resumed when it ceased to occur in the House as it finally अस्वीकृत the motion that an adjournment motion .
On the other hand if the motion is passed it amounts to की the government .
Though it does not amount to voting the Government out of office it goes to show that a government which has failed to prevent an adverse vote on an adjournment motion will not be able to survive the result of ' No - confidence motion in the Council .
Since adoption of an adjournment motion involves an element of censure against the government the Rajya Sabha does not exercise this procedure .
It has been seen that the adjournment motion is used very rarely .
For example only 149 notices of the adjournment motions received during the Seventh Lok Sabha periods were brought before the House and finally only 24 of them were admitted and no proposals were agreed .
Of these 80 notices on four subjects were admitted. In the Ninth Lok Sabha of the 375 notices nine on nine subjects were discussed.
The provision for Calling Attention Notices was first made in the year 1954.
Prior to him the need for a precise procedure to raise an important and urgent issue was being felt .
An adjournment motion which was a censure motion against the government was of a limited nature in the existing constitutional set - up .
11 The purpose of the discussion is to point out to the House the members who have some facts about the matter to which they should inform the House and the minister clarifies the position for the benefit of the House and the nation .
Under Rule 377 any audience in the public office would have noticed how our elected representatives seek to raise matters which are not related to interpretation of rules and regulations but which are at the earliest in the House and feel anxious to them.
Immediately after the Question Hour the सदन called by the Press is called उठाने by many members खडे to raise such matters creating din and disorder in the House .
The Presiding Officers of the two Houses were assured that there was a need for stopping the practice and they wanted to carry out some procedure which would prevent the MPs from taking up such matters which they could not propose to go in for adjournment etc. .
It was with this view that the practice of raising matters under Rule 377 in the Rajya Sabha was started.
नियम to Rule 377 for the first time was taken on 14 May 1966 the matter raised regarding the ill - treatment meted out to an M. P. by the police .
It was a matter which could not have been raised under any other rule .
By the end of October the Viceroy somehow succeeded in bringing the League to the government .
The Government was reconstituted on October 26 .
Thus the League became a partner of the Government .
Mountbatten : In March 1947 Lord Louis Mount - batten was sent as the new Viceroy to arrange for a smooth transfer of power .
He arrived in India on 22 March 1939 .
He soon came to the conclusion that for the Congress and the Muslim League there would be neither possible for them to work together in the Interim Government nor in the Constituent Assembly and that therefore communal violence was at once more disastrous .
It was already becoming clear that the partition of the country could not be avoided and that it was the only alternative to avoid extreme chaos anarchy and civil war .
Mountbatten prepared a plan for partition and after consultations with the leaders of the opposition parties in Britain a new policy statement embodying the Mountbatten Plan was issued on 3 June 1947 .
The names of three members in the Lok Sabha and the names of five members in the Rajya Sabha are determined by सदस्यों and they are permitted to give notice of a resolution .
29 Those resolutions may be made if admitted in the List of Business for non - official members .
When called by the Chair the member concerned moves the resolution and makes a speech on it .
After 30 other members and the minister concerned may speak .
31 . The time for discussion on private members' resolutions is laid down by the Committee on Private Members' Bills and Resolutions .
Generally two hours are allotted for discussion on these resolutions .
After the minister ' s speech the mover has a right of reply .
( b ) Government Resolutions moved by the ministers are known as Government ' s will .
The minister also has to give notice to the Secretary - General of his intention to move a resolution .
It is in the discretion of the government to fix a date for discussion and to find time .
They perform manifold functions from maintaining law and order and protecting the territories of the state from implementing plans for social and economic betterment of the people .
In addition several social services like housing primary education health and employment to the people are provided by the government .
Needless to say governments need money to discharge these functions .
Where did they come from ?
Who sanctions the money ?
The necessary funds are mobilised from the country ' s resources by way of taxes collecting loans etc . to meet governmental expenditure .
No discussion on any question of principle or policy is permitted in the main Budget .
As for these demands for which no sanction has been obtained the question of policy has to be restricted to the items of expenditure to be accepted in the House .
During discussion on supplementary grant general grievances cannot be disclosed .
The members can only say whether a supplementary demand is necessary or not .
During discussion on Excess Demands for Grants members can point out how money has been spent है or that it should not have been spent .
At this stage the discussion is confined to this area and there is no scope for general discussion or complaint expression .
Although a very few bills of non - government members take the form of law they serve a good purpose because they bring to the notice of the government and the people that it is necessary to revise or स्थितियों the prevailing law .
Bills can be classified according to their contents :
The original Bills containing provisions for new proposals ideas and policies ;
Bills to replace Ordinances issued by the President .
In such a case leave of the House is not necessary to pass the Bill .
In other words the Bill does not have to go through a stage of presentation .
( ii ) The second reading of a Bill is the most elaborate and important stage since it is precisely checked .
The second reading or the consideration stage consists of two steps which may be called the first stage and the second stage .
First stage of the first stage there is a general discussion on the whole Bill : i . e . the विधेयक i . e . the विधेयक theory of the Bill and its details .
At this stage it is open to the House to refer the Bill to the Select Committee of the House or the Joint Committee of the two Houses or to circulate it to elicit opinion thereon or straightaway take it into account .
To specify a committee the Bill may be referred to a Select Committee or a Joint Committee .
The members of the Select Committee are drawn from among the members of the House where the Bill has been introduced .
In the case of a Joint Committee the members of both the Houses are represented ; in such a case the ratio between the members of the Rajya Sabha and the Rajya Sabha is 2 .
The Chairman of the Joint Committee is appointed by the Presiding Officer of the House where the Bill has been introduced .
The Bill again passes through the Committee stage and the Bill is presented as a समिति report to the House .
After the report of a Select or a Joint Committee on the Bill has been presented to the House the Minister may move any of these three . i . e . if the Bill is returned to the notice of the Bill as agreed to the Bill again or to the Committee for the Bill later submitted to the Bill (
The controversy then is confined to the Bill as reported by the Committee and the principles of the Bill cannot be discussed again since the motion for reference to the Bill is adopted the House commits itself on the principle of the Bill .
The second stage : After the motion for consideration of the Bill or the Bill as reported by the Select / Joint Committee is adopted the वार Bill is taken up for consideration .
Each clause is placed before the House separately for discussion .
Immediately after a clause is placed before the House amendments thereto can be moved subject to the conditions of admissibility .
Division wise views are generally long and difficult as each clause is generally discussed separately and there are separate or rejected by the mover for every amendment which is also rejected by the House .
Amendments if accepted become a part of the Bill .
In the remaining cases the stages of the Bill are the same as in the case of Government Bills .
Subordinate Legislation The complexities of modern civilisation and rapid industrialisation have of necessity made the State to shift its emphasis from the concept of laissez - faire to that of social welfare .
As a result the State has become more and more a vehicle of social and economic change .
The failure of the Simon Commission and the Round Table Conference which led to the establishment of the British Government of India Act 1935 to satisfy the Indian aspirations accentuated the demand of the Constituent Assembly for the people of India .
The Congress adopted a resolution at its Lucknow session in April 1936 .
The demand was firmly reiterated in the All India National Conference of Congress Legislators held in Delhi in March 1937 .
During August - October 1937 the किए Central Legislative assembly and the Provincial Assemblies of every Provinces each of the Provinces .
After the War II in 1939 the demand for a Constituent Assembly was reiterated in a long statement issued by the Congress Working Committee on 14 September 1939 .
He declared that the only way to settle a just solution of communal and other problems was also the Constituent Assembly .
In the August resolution of 1940 the British Government accepted the demand for the Constituent Assembly for the first time आधिकारिक though it was with an indirect acceptance and momentous conditions .
Under these proposals the task of building a new Constitution was now to be entirely Indian and the British Government made a clear undertaking to accept the constitution framed by the proposed constitution - making body .
After the failure of the Cripps Mission no steps were taken for the solution of the Indian constitutional problem until the War in Europe ended in May 23 1945 .
As in the case of Joint Committees the Joint Committee of the Lok Sabha consists of the Committee on Public Accounts सरकारी the Committee on Public Undertakings and the Welfare of Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes and members of the Committee on Government सरकारी from the Lok Sabha and the Rajya Sabha .
As far as possible different parties and groups are represented in Parliamentary Committees .
Usually the Committees are reconstituted every year on the basis of names of members suggested by leaders of parties / groups for consideration of and selection by the Presiding Officers .
Terms of Committees A Parliamentary Committee holds office for a period not exceeding one year or for a period specified by the Speaker or until a new Committee is मनोनीत
The Business Advisory Committee . Committee . Committee . Privileges Committee and the Rules Committee continue in office till re - constituted whereas other Standing Committees hold office for a period not exceeding one year .
If the minutes of an ad hoc Committee are not prescribed by the Speaker / Chairman the Committee continues to hold office till the completion of work and reports if so on .
The Committees have their meetings in the Parliament House or Parliament House Annexe but in special cases the meetings of the Speaker / Chairman may be held outside the limits permitted .
The Committee has the power to take oral or written evidence .
The committee may call the person for evidence to ask for the document and record but if any question arises as to whether a person or any document is referred to or not is justified to the purposes of the Committee .
The Committee may also appoint a Chief Committee to examine the matters referred to them .
A report of the उपसमिति is submitted to the main committee .
There is no public hearing .
The proceedings in Committees are largely conducted in the same manner as in the House but in a more informal atmosphere and on a non - partisan basis .
During discussion in the Committee a member can speak more than once on a question under consideration .
All questions are determined by a majority of votes of the members present and voting .
In case of an equal division of votes on a matter the Chairman has a second or casting vote .
The Committee drafts a report thereafter on the basis of the कार्यवाही of the sittings of the Committee containing the substance of deliberations of the Committee together with the recommendations made .
They can frame their own internal Rules of Procedure subject to the approval of the Speaker .
They normally do not go into questions of policy in pursuance of the fact that policy formulation is the exclusive privilege of the Parliament and a Committee is not supposed to sit in judgement on a policy already approved by Parliament .
In order to avoid possible interference in day - to - day administration the Committees examine only those acts which have already been done or not done which otherwise may have been done.
But because of the constitution and authority of the Committees no minister or official can expect them .
The Estimates Committee consists of 30 members from Lok Sabha .
Unlike the Public Accounts Committee and the Committee on Public Undertakings the members of the Rajya Sabha are not associated with it .
This committee works as a मितव्ययता economy committee and its criticisms and suggestions act as a deterrent on extravagance .
The Constituent Assembly thus became a body with the representatives of all the States and provinces in India and free from the domination of any outside power .
The Constituent Assembly could abrogate or alter any law enacted by the British Parliament applying to India including the Indian Independence Act .
The Constituent Assembly duly inaugurated was on Monday हुआ 9 December 1946 at 11 p . m .
After a few days of session of the Constituent Assembly Nehru moved a historical resolution on 13 December 1946 .
The beautifully worded draft of the Objectives Resolution outlined the गणराज्य of a sovereign democratic republic of India .
Thus the Resolution gave to the Constituent Assembly the guiding principles and the philosophy that was to carry out the constitution .
Finally the resolution was adopted by the Constituent Assembly on January 22 1949 .
The Constituent Assembly appointed a number of committees to deal with different aspects of the problem of framing the Constitution .
These included the Union Constitution Committee the Union Powers Committee . Committees on Fundamental Rights and Minorities .
It possesses a rich collection of rare books , art books etc .
The earliest printed book available is that of की .
From time to time and on specific occasions the Parliament Library organises Book Exhibitions on themes of interest .
The Reference and Documentation Division has been fully equipped to handle inter alia references received from members of Parliament .
The Research and Information Division has already seen the information requirements of Members of Parliament and proceeds to making them aware of the current developments in various national and international areas such as news bulletin news bulletin news bulletin news bulletin news bulletin , etc.
The Press and Public Relations Wing looks after all the press and public relations work of the लोक Secretariat involving in the main continuous liaison with the Press governmental publicity organisations and the media.
It also deals with all matters concerning the Press Gallery of the Lok Sabha including the issue of press releases on various parliamentary events and activities .
PARLIS database is designed to meet the immediate reference needs of the Parliament members संसद Parliament officers of the Parliament संसद Committees , research and reference personnel and other employees .
The material available for the information gathered in computers and for immediate retrieval contained in the two Houses of Parliament issues statements of replies to questions and dispute of के - संसद Bills जीवन of members biography सामाजिक of the Constitution सामाजिक - संसदीय Social issues etc .
Data relating to certain parliamentary activities contained in the PARLIS database are also available on request to State Legislatures .
Some State Legislatures have already made arrangements to access some basic materials of the Parliament Library Information System .
PARLIS has been connected to जिला and can correspond with the District Information Centres under the system ail over the country .
The main task of the Documentation Service is to collect the books journals and journals catalogue reports of book - keeping and documents in proper place and to make their collections of subjects प्रलेखों or प्रलेखों and later on to the Parliament .
Documentation cards are also prepared on all major subjects and filed in card catalogue हैं and fed in the PARLIS database as well.
The Documentation Service brings out a fortnightly periodical Parliamentary अनुभाग .
These press कतरनें are kept in a chronological sequence in separate folders and can be consulted or referred to by members in the library .
It is therefore necessary that the policy makers the legislators the legislators the legislators the administrators the administrators and different functionaries of the democratic set - up should be trained in the tenets pre - parliamentary institutions tools and tactics of parliamentary institutions .
Moreover their attitudes have to be oriented to the needs and responsibilities and the tenor and temper of parliamentary democracy .
The task of carrying out the necessary studies and imparting the required orientation and training primarily falls on the Parliament itself .
The Bureau of Parliamentary Studies and Training . established in 1976 as a part of the Lok Sabha Secretariat was designed to cater to the needs of the MLAs and officers to be involved in research on various subjects of parliamentary institutions and to take up institutional training .
The Central Government is required to hold seminars and monitoring programmes for the members of Parliament and State Legislatures imparting training and training to the officers of the Parliament the whole Indian subordinate officers and staff and the senior most international level of the Indian Government .
It is only when a parliamentary official is specifically asked for advice on a matter relating to parliamentary work that he should furnish factual information and not advance himself .
The parliamentary officials are not concerned with the political affiliations or the ideologies of the member .
Whatever the group the qualifications may be whatever the status of a member in his life is an honourable representative of the people with whom he is expected to deal with reverence and patience .
As a servant of the House a parliamentary official must treat all members as equal .
Remembering always that all members are entitled to equal and impartial assistance from him ; he has to render every member ' s staff who seek his help in connection with his parliamentary duties efficiently.
In order to perform his duties the official has to gain a special knowledge in his line of work .
Speed and accuracy in the disposal of parliamentary officials are thus the key ingredients in the working of the parliamentary officer .
Some of the guiding principles are as follows :
A special committee was set up to discuss all these with the recommendations of the Drafting Committee .
The recommendations made by the Special Committee were further considered by the Drafting Committee and some modifications were छांट .
It was submitted to the Speaker of the Constituent Assembly on October 26 1948 .
On 4 November 1948 when he produced the draft of the Constitution in the Constituent Assembly Dr .
Ambedkar dealt with some common criticisms of the Draft particularly the criticism that it contained too little of the material that could claim to be original .
He said : I would like to ask if a new question could be said in a Constitution which is going to take place in the history of the world .
hundreds of years had passed when the first written constitution was drafted .
Many countries followed this and converted their Constitution into writing .
What should be the fundamental law of the Constitution ? and the solution to this question has been long ago .
Similarly the fundamental principles of the Constitution are : it knows the world .
When day after day the Houses are adjourned after scenes of बाजार and without transacting any business one wonders whether the institutions are not becoming खजाने despite their high costs to the public exchequer .
It is also found that many of our elected representatives in their personal conduct dealings with the people do not follow the basic norms of code of ethics in practice .
In a democracy nothing can be worse than the erosion in honour of its representatives ?
These Conferences are held in New Delhi ( Parliament House or Parliament House Annexe ) under the Chairmanship of the Chairman of the concerned Parliamentary Committee usually once in the life time of the Lok Sabha .
Parliamentary and State Legislatures Committees undertake similar tours of the State Legislatures mostly the new Delhi and the capital of different States and are through their own counterparts of Parliament to exchange views on cases of common interest and manage the legislatures .
The visiting Committees also witness proceedings of Legislature Committees when they take evidence .
Parliamentary Committees also meet their counterparts in States during their tours of States for an on - the - spot study of their subjects .
Seminars / symposia etc . thoughts seminars and symposia are on various subjects of contemporary importance under the aegis of the Indian Parliamentary Group and Bureau of Parliamentary Studies and Training .
Over the years a symposium on a subject of topical interest is also held on the last day of the Presiding Officers ' Annual Conference .
An autonomous body called the 'Indian Parliamentary निकाय was set up after such requests .
Its membership is open to members of Parliament .
Former members of Parliament may become associate members .
Speaker लोक Lok Sabha is the ex officio President and the Deputy Speaker लोक Lok Sabha and Deputy Chairman . Rajya Sabha लोक are the ex officio President .
The Secretary - General Lok Sabha is the ex officio Secretary of the Indian Parliamentary Group .
The Group functions as the National Group of the Inter - Parliamentary Union and as the India Branch of the Commonwealth Parliamentary Union .
The constituent assembly accomplished the tremendous task of framing the constitution in less than three years .
But with the adoption of the Constitution the journey did not end .
The Chairman of the Drafting Committee said: Dr .
Ambedkar and the Chairman of the Constituent Assembly ( संविधान ) Dr .
Rajendra Prasad speaking on 25 and 26 November 1949 sounded words of warning and caution .
Dr .
Rajendra Prasad in his concluding address observed that the Constituent Assembly had been able to make a good constitution and he was certain to meet the country ' s requirements very well .
On 24 January 1950 the constitution was finally signed by members of the Constituent Assembly .
Our founding fathers were some of the most remarkable and the wisest of men and women - great jurists patriots and freedom fighters .
Even if the Constituent Assembly was elected by the people on the basis of universal franchise it is difficult to imagine the better or more representative consequences then .
The inter - Parliamentary relationship as the people ' s representatives can play a crucial role in reducing international tensions and तनाव the conflict between nations for they can build public opinion and for their co - operation for the cause of world peace and cooperation .
The Parliament of India exchanges delegations goodwill missions etc with foreign Parliaments and regularly participates through the Indian Parliamentary Group in the Conferences held under the auspices of the Inter - Parliamentary Union and the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association .
The Inter - Parliamentary Union is the Union of Parliamentary Group formed at National Parliaments which aims to promote their personal contacts with the members of all Parliaments and to unite them for a common action for the purpose of establishing parliamentary institutions and for their development .
The Union meets in Conference twice a year and member countries are the hosts .
The Commonwealth Parliamentary Association is an association of Commonwealth Parliamentarians with the aim of encouraging understanding and cooperation between them and to promote the study of and respect for parliamentary organisations .
The Association meets in Conference annually and also assists in holding Seminars on Parliamentary Practice and Procedure at regional levels .
From the very beginning of its membership of the संसदीय and the राष्ट्रमंडल India has been taking considerable interest in the working of these institutions .
India hosted the राष्ट्रमंडल Inter - Parliamentary Union Conference in 1969 the Commonwealth Parliamentary Conferences in 1957 and 1975 and the Conference of Commonwealth Speakers and Presiding Officers in 1969 and 1986 .
Besides a number of international regional seminars have been organised in India from time to time .
Again in September 1991 the Commonwealth Parliamentary Conference and in 1993 the राष्ट्रमंडल Conference were hosted by India at New Delhi .
The centre and focal point of the building is the large edifice complex of the Central Hall हालहृ हालहृ
The Constituent Assembly of India ( 1946 - 49 ) met in this room .
A historic transfer of power from British to Indian hands also took place in this Hall .
The Hall is now used for the joint - sittings of the two Houses Addresses by the President and by visiting शासनाध्यक्ष Heads of State or Government .
The Hall is adorned with portraits of national leaders .
Surrounding these three Chambers is a four - storeyed circular structure providing accommodation for ministers Chairmen of Parliamentary Committees Party Offices important offices of the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha Secretariats and also the Offices of the Ministry of Parliamentary Affairs .
Four Committee rooms on the first floor are used for meetings of Parliamentary Committees .
Three other rooms on the same floor are used by the press correspondents who come to the Press Galleries of the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha .
A large number of books are outside the Parliament House by storing in other buildings .
For the convenience of the members of Parliament two main refreshment rooms on the first floor and a few small tea booths near the passages leading to the Chambers from the Central Hall are provided.
Other amenities are the railway booking offices pay office of the State Bank of India first - aid post post post office air booking and C. P. W. D. complaint centre .
Several passages of noble words are inscribed on the Parliament building which are expected to inspire the deliberations in the Houses .
At the very moment of entering the Parliament Library a Sanskrit quotation from the Upanishads reminds one of the sovereignty of the nation of which the Parliament is the visible symbol.
Above the central cell door we come across a stanza in Sanskrit from the के which means " it is my ; and that is पराया ; this promise is a narrow - minded कुटुंब built in 1975 the large - कुटुंब structure is a welcome one.
A spacious lounge has been laid out around the की .
Telephone Exchange . telecom bureau , post office etc . are also in the process .
From the second to the fifth floors the Secretariats of the Lok Sabha and the Rajya Sabha are located besides the liaison offices of the telephone department the new Delhi Municipal and Estate Directorate .
On the terrace floor are situated the Bureau of Parliamentary Studies and Training and the Staff Library .
The ground floor is considered to be one of the most functionally viable areas ideally suited for national and international conferences .
All the five committee rooms of the five are provided simultaneously as the Lok Sabha and the Rajya Sabha . in the Parliament House .
The water reservoir is a prominent feature of the region .
A multi - purpose auditorium a branch of the स्टेट State Bank of India ( स्टेट ) a large dining hall a private dining room and refreshment rooms including a milk bar are also located on the ground floor .
The same telephone is used for inter - communication and for outer periods .
Arrangements exist for the inter - session periods for taking tourists students and other interested persons to watch the buildings of Parliament during specified hours .
The visitors are accompanied by a staff member who guides and briefs them .
Special tours are also arranged for groups of students and others particularly interested in knowing about the working of parliamentary institutions .
In such cases the centre of excellence is used to give a short introduction to the spectators before the tours.
In the last ten years the total number of visitors visiting Parliament buildings has varied from 3000 to around 3000 years .
We all look forward to सज्जनों to join all governments international organizations and gentlemen or people who want to work for the purpose that has been identified and to stop all entrepreneurs and people to join our effort .
Many research papers help us to learn that Esperanto is easy to learn other languages .
It is also recommended that the courses in language should be studied in unison .
The Esperanto community is one of those selected communities whose members are multi - lingual or multi - lingual .
We recognise individuals whether they are small - speaking or big - hearted enough to learn another language to a higher level .
अइधकार
The unequal distribution of powers between languages and the languages in most people is the negation of language or अत्याचार it forms the open language oppression .
Every member of the समुदाय community whether he is a native who speaks powerful समुदाय or a weak member on the same level lives with every other member on a secondary arrangement .
Whatever the language it is the standard of living we believe that many international agreements were expressed and that the language was creating a balance because of the difference in the strength of the languages of India .
But the Esperanto community only looks at language as a useful and indispensable source of money .
For this reason every language every kind of animal is fit for जन्तु help and जन्तु .
We maintain that exclusive reliance on national languages inevitably creates barriers for freedom of speech communication and expression .
Our movement is a movement for human suffering .
Prague July 1996
The period in India was marked by a period of political awakening and cultural regeneration.
The institutions which we continued after Independence and embodied in the Constitution were the institutions which धरती India ' s soil .
The founding fathers on the basis of old institutions which had already grown and known to them as to whom they had become familiar and had preferred to build enterprises despite all the limitations and परिसीमाओं .
The Constitution rejected the British rule but not institutions which had developed during the British regime .
As the constitution - building and institution - building is a living and dynamic process it did not end in the process on 26 November 1949 when the people of India enacted the Constitution and gave themselves to it .
Even after the launch of the Constitution of India on 26 January 1950 the process of its construction continued through its actual working - out judicial interpretations and constitutional amendments .
The manner in which and the manner in which the Constitution was worked from time to time gave it new meaning .
This trend continues .
The Constitution of India is unique in many respects .
It has many features which distinguish it from other Constitutions of the world .
One day without food as he often did Ramalinga lay sleeping in the courtyard of the temple when the priest of the temple woke him and fed him up .
The next morning it was discovered that the priest would have had two days ago.
One day as he was resting an elderly lady who was spending her last days in the service of the temple requested him to reassure her in confidence by performing a miracle .
Ramalinga took a handful of sand from the sea - shore and put it into his hand .
He asked her to shut her up and let her off again and when she did so she found a large number of शिवलिंग in her hand .
It may be noted that as per the popular belief the chief saints of the Saiva sect who belonged to the eleventh century were integrated into the थे sect ' s के .
Size of the Constitution In sheer physical terms it is the longest Constitution made in any country .
This is a very comprehensive document and contains several subjects which could legitimately be the subject of ordinary legislation or administrative action .
This happened because the Government of India Act शासन 1935 which was essentially a law was used as a model and an initial working draft and large portions of it were incorporated in the Constitution .
Besides the founding fathers of the Constitution did not want any doubts and difficulties and controversies to be handled by future legislation .
Except the Federal Constitution in the United States of America every state has its own Constitution .
The complexities and diversities of the size of India also necessitated several special उपबंध temporary , and miscellaneous provisions for certain regions of the country or classes of people .
Not only does the Constitution contain a comprehensive charter of fundamental rights समाविष्ट it also outlined the limitations under which these must be acted .
Also our Constitution contains a statement of several Directive Principles and Fundamental Duties of citizens .
Types of Constitution Written or अथवा Constitutions may be written like the American Constitution or unwritten and based on conventions like Britain .
Our Constitution is a written constitution although conventions also play a part in so far as they do fit in with the provisions of the Constitution .
The bride was the daughter of his sister वधू . .
His age at the time of marriage is not known .
He mentions in many songs his fear of the rising भृकुटी of his mother ; this is perhaps the reason .
In his poem की पिल्लै ( a son ) he mentions his हैं .
Was it my past deed chasing me?
Was it Your grace.
The next published work at the instance of मुदलियार Mudaliar was that of रामलिंग मुदलियार ( न्याय ) न्याय रामलिंग ( Nyaya ) where Ramalinga rendered justice to the cow by रामलिंग Maharaj in an elaborate manner which he quotes the prose - story of के .
It was published by धार्मिक शिक्षा Chettiar in 1854 for the Society for Religious Education .
He was edited by Ramalinga a hundred Songs on the तोडमंडल of the ballad of रामलिंग ( सत्रहवीं ) of the seventeenth century and also published an explanatory statement in the Introduction .
This was published by अयासामी Mudaliar in 1855 .
It may be noted that this publication was meant for free distribution .
Ramalinga gave a final decision in favour of the name पक्ष like any rational philosopher - scholar and पुरालेख - पुरालेख .
He concluded his thesis with the following words:
If there are still some people who have not yet got away I may draw their attention to the stone inscriptions in the temples built by King शंकर where they have mentioned their name as खुदे .
They can spot the stone inscriptions in the temples such as खुदे , and में .
It must also be mentioned that the stone inscriptions in these places bear the name of the region .
The third book edited by Ramalinga was रामलिंग चिन्मय Guide to Spirituality of the poet आध्यात्मिकता of आध्यात्मिकता .
This was published by Madurai Mudaliar m 1857 .
The second collection of Ramalinga . रामलिंग - ओझुक्कम was published soon after his death .
Years later when he left for Vadalur some of his disciples invariably secured the permission to issue a definitive edition of his poems .
This book was named की . ( the sacred book of की ) .
Though he spent the rest of his days in the city in शहर he spent the rest of his days home late in the night .
He writes long after he left Madras :
Of the five shrines in Tamil Nadu representing symbolically the five elements ( = Indian mythology ) earth water fire air fire air and ether ) represents the most subtle ether ) .
The apparent paradox ( or what seems to non - Hindus ) should be stated here .
As early as his boyhood Ramalinga had received the grace of Lord Shiva of Chidambaram and had established in his early youth a desire for स्कंदन ( स्कंदन ) स्कंदन or स्कंदन ( स्कंदन ) or the deity of the मद्रास Temple at Madras .
Then he returned to the worship of Lord Siva of Chidambaram .
He remembered in Chidambaram before Lord Nataraja ( Siva ) .
It may be that at a higher level different theories are working together .
Ramalinga ' s path of equal vision also establishes man' s relationship with life in the universe as the obverse of his relationship with God .
In Ramalinga ' s conception the four prophets of Saivism were . of the four paths as oriented to . or ईश्वरोन्मुख सेवक realizing God as servant of God मित्र and संत realizing God within himself .
In 1867 at the opening of the Sanmarga Veda Dharma ( जीव ) he read one of his books on the basis of the जीव जीव - जीव करूणा which he had begun writing before 1866 .
The following were :
People must realize that they must hasten to bring to fruition the rare chance of human birth .
It was published in 1879 five years after his death with the title रामलिंग - LRB - 1879 - RRB - and the first step on the path of truth - LRB - 1879 - RRB - which Ramalinga mentions in his letters to his disciples and disciples .
The fact that vegetarianism exists on a commercial scale in Tamil Nadu to - day is largely owing to Ramalinga . .
We would like to draw our attention to the precedent of समाज ( विश्व ) in which Ramalinga regarded आध्यात्मिक as the most important figure in his spiritual experience as well as to making his relation with God .
The Sanmarga Sangam ( the School of the Brotherhood ( करूंगुझी ) which he founded in 1865 ) in his second phase of his residence in Karunguzhi - LRB - करूंगुझी - RRB - was the basis of the third round of Vadalur ( 1867 ) .
At the same time the last years of his career in Karunguzhi saw the fruition of his first two phases in the publication of his poems by his disciples .
The book was printed by एशियाटिक Press एशियाटिक 292 लिंग लिंग Street लिंग financed by एशियाटिक Chettiar of मद्रास .
During this long - drawn process Ratna Mudaliar requested Ramalinga to publish Ramalinga in March 1866 as Ramalinga से .
Ramalinga wrote : It is contrary to my conviction that Ramalinga should be recognised as a master .
That epithet is बचना to me and so it is best to avoid it .
He consoled himself by saying to his disciples ? ' Who is the one to question Ramalinga who is full of grace ?
( in Tamil the words lend themselves to this interpretation .
At the time of publication of the book Ramalinga leaving Karunguzhi for Vadalur was already on his way to the next stage of his spiritual progress which विकास development in Vadalur and Mettukuppam .
रामलिंग Velayuda मुदलियार - सोसाइटी in his statement to the Theosophical Society described Ramalinga in English .
Ramalinga was a man of medium - sized men with a frail frame of stone and yet he was a strong काठी straight forward and looking नाक his face grew thick and thin his face grew stiff .
Finally his hair grew long and he wore his shoes and this was a remarkable thing for the yogis .
His dress consisted only of two pieces of white cloth .
He was extremely संयमी .
They never rested for a moment .
, was a vegetarian ; he ate one or two days a कौर and was satisfied with a few कौर of rice .
A fascinating face strangely haunting eyes beaming with compassion and mercy .
He shunned indulgence in clothes .
In the early days they ate twice a day .
Later कौर had started eating once in two or three days . He too only a few drinks .
It is said that in his youth he would sleep for three hours a day ; then two hours a day ; and an hour or so depending on his disciples he gave up sleep .
He addresses God and said " You have forbidden you to sleep .
He says he is apprehensive of sleep .
I hate being born out of that sleep.
They forbid sleep .
What is this confused ?
A वानर monkey - a fool mind could go away .
Stop playing pranks here that you play with others .
Spending days and nights in meditation and composing poems he gave discourses in the house or in the Sabha and would rush to listen .
In Venkata . ' s house in Karunguzhi the mistress of the house जला herself used to light the lamp in his room and keep near it a mud pot of oil with which to replenish the fire .
One day the mouth of the pot having broken गया wanted to replace it .
Then she left the house for the next village .
When रामलिंग returned the next morning she found Ramalinga absorbed in writing and the lamp burning.
He forgot all about him and it was never through a miracle .
It is not possible to point out the greatness of his miracles .
The judge asked the ascetic " Who killed you ?
Yes : योगी the ascetic who brought me here has hit me with a stone .
'The judge understood that no better योगी from the Yogi could be expected .
Then on his own he gave the proper sentence to the man who had hit the ascetic.
During his stay in Cuddalore Ramalinga had a chance encounter with a leader of Brahmo Samaj.
The debate was noted down by नारायण Narayan . of नारायण who stated that it was a वादविवाद record of the controversy .
It was published under the same title by Sanmarga सन संस्था ( सन्मार्ग ) in 1893 .
On 16 January 1867 Ramalinga was present at a festival in के near Cuddalore on the bank of the river नदी .
The local people had been exposed to his speeches before.
While idol - worship is the only way of paying attention to the Formless God I have said in a का " Let us think ahead of Brahman .
Some in the crowd turned to Naicker and said " Please let us have your view . "
He said he wanted to solve the matter among themselves but that too through correspondence .
नायक्कर out Naicker declared 'To worship an idol seems idle and पूजा .
This has been proved by the Vedas and the Great वेद 'said Ramalinga .
नायक्कर kept silent .
Is there nothing that can be perceived by the mind ? " " but not by the इंद्रियो ?
" You must tell me " Ramalinga said .
Then the senses can convey bliss to the mind the said Ramalinga .
The great saints have spoken of joy felt through the ears and other senses .
He said : " I opened my shop as has been recorded .
Now I am in this body .
Soon all bodies will be mine.
Then came Friday of the eighth day of the fortnight ' ( जनवरी ) ) 30 January 1874 ) he sent his followers together and said ( as recorded ) .
I shall stay in the room for ten to fifteen days .
He will not let me see .
Last proclamation had been repeated ten times in the ten lines of the poem.
It is held by those who believe that he has become one with God and that he will never appear before him .
One of his disciples स्वामिगल स्वामिगल has recorded in one of the eleven stanzas of a poem that Ramalinga had told him of his own accord .
The grace of the great dancer
Dr .
Ambedkar had said in the Constituent Assembly that our intention from the " Parliamentary system is to one man a vote .
The founding fathers decided to follow the method of universal adult suffrage with every adult Indian without any distinction at once .
The most basic demand of the leaders of our national freedom struggle was that people had some basic human rights of freedom equality and so on .
The problems of minorities accentuated the need of having a formal declaration of certain fundamental rights in the text of the Constitution itself.
Broadly speaking the fundamental rights incorporated in Part III of the Constitution ( which are ) are those rights of the individual against the state which cannot be denied .
For example कार्यपालक can be challenged in the Supreme Court or in the High Court of India the law that वंचित an individual from his freedom or a law that वंचित the universal adult franchise.
It can be held unconstitutional and invalid unless it is covered by any of the restrictions spelled out in the Constitution itself .
Thus the Constitution also lays down the machinery and mechanism for the enforcement of fundamental rights .
Later he installed such mirrors in the Vadalur Hall as well as in the Siddhi भवन House of Vadalur .
शरीर says that in the embodied self को can be seen in a mirror a different reflection .
Like a mirror को can be clearly seen : within the body lies as a dream like the water in the land of the पितरों in the land of the Fathers as in light and light ( in the different regions ) .
One has to turn to the Upanishads to understand the symbolism of the शरीर 6 शरीर sloka .
Just as the mirror दुखों with its lustre on sorrow is shaken by dust blue the colour of the human being is purified so the human soul becomes united and rid with the mission available to him .
When one gets to know the nature of Brahman one is able to compare it through the soul to which one is free from all limitation and the knowledge of the Brahma free from all obstacles .
The exact expression of the nature of the Upanishads the व्यक्तिगत ) ( उपनिषद ) ) is beyond the व्यक्तिगत ) of the universe ) absolute ब्रहम परे which is beyond all व्यक्तिगत of the individual आवरणों or even pure delight that is self - illumined and liberated .
समुद्र Gordon पैटरसन and his team here are studying the deep sea to understand its biology and understand how changes in the environment affect this unexplored environment group .
A hostile habitat
The deep sea with its temperature and not sunlight and at great pressure is an adverse home for us .
We can expect only a few species .
When Gordon and his colleagues collected samples from the समुद्र they were surprised to see the diversity of animal species there - a diversity that was not less than a species found in Earth and in shallow water .
How do so many species survive in such adverse environment ?
This amazing diversity can be explained by the वातावरण theory - that constant changes in the environment maintain this diversity .
Constant environments tend to survive strong species of organisms which are less abundant and less abundant in diversity .
The deep - sea environment however is not stable ; the pirates of the sea - robbers and the food - falls from above frequently disturb the animals in the समुद्र .
How do scientists use and test theories to discover and understand the natural world ?
That Subramanya Bharati the first poet of the present era follows the विद्यार्थियों - रामलिंग course will be clear to any student who studies them .
In short Ramalinga is the harbinger of the modern Tamil Renaissance of which the characters are : Subramanya Bharati .
Ramalinga ' s couple could be equated with the Gandhi - Nehru or the Ramkrishna - Vivekananda pair .
The quality of Ramalinga ' s poetry is well described by his disciple रामलिंग Velayuda Mudaliar .
In Indian tradition the threads of history and legend के and के are गुंथे with such complexity that it is not always easy to say where one ends and the other begins.
And so when we trace the genealogy of even such a remarkable family as the Tagores we are soon lost in the mists of popular tradition and family lore through which we have to pick our way carefully .
By the middle of the 8th century after a political upheaval and social change Bengal had become a powerful Hindu Empire .
The progeny of these five Brahmins whose name has received great respect even today whose new racial aristocracy of Bengal has continued to be remembered .
Historians have little to say about this interesting and colossal child ' s use which has made Bengal what is commonly available .
However पूर्वज was one of the five Brahmins who belonged to the ancestor of the ठाकुर .
History is full of घटनाओं events .
At the end of the 12th century Bengal was overrun by पश्चिम - Afghans from the west and in course of time came to be ruled as a province of the Muslim Emperor .
Many Hindus were converted to power or to new स्वामियों
Two of his trusted Brahmins were his भाई - e - घराने and Jayadev - LRB - जयदेव - अधीन - घराने - RRB - who had been a घराने member of the house for several generations and vicissitudes घराने by history .
And one day पीर is a story of how पीर . during the fast of Ramzan when he found Pir Ali Khan smell a lemon सूंघ He broke पीर saying " Just as our religion is the only food we have to tackle half .
You have therefore violated your fast. "
Pir Ali Khan said nothing but having been born a Hindu the words rankled in his mind .
A few days later he invited the Brahmin brothers with many other Hindus to a music concert organised by the ब्राह्मण Governor .
The audience who was enjoying music in the hall was sitting by a side room having choice Muslim dishes .
As they reached the side of the महक chamber the Hindus were perturbed and there was a smile given by Pir Ali Khan who said " You have lost your faith in something which has bitten half the food .
Having lost the " purity of caste the family found it difficult to live in a community which gave it little quarter.
The predicament was particularly बदतर when it came to finding suitable husbands for the daughters.
So every member of the family had to leave the house of his ancestors and wandering from place to place seeking fortune for himself and husbands .
He would be a bold Brahmin who accepted the daughter of the family .
Such a bold fellow was one Jagannath जगन्नाथ who married a niece of the ill - fated brothers कामदेव and Jayadev whose निर्बंध jest had caused all the trouble .
कुशारि had to pay a heavy price for this temerity for he too was obliged to leave .
It is said that the male child of this bold and rash man was the founder of the Tagores .
His name was Panchanan का .
प्रवास and social persecution had made the descendants defiant and ambitious .
Having lost the pride of caste they lost their fear .
Since they could not be more pious they decided to be more human and seek the other good things which life and times had made possible .
things were happening all over the country - people who had never heard about before .
White men from across the seas had opened a factory and trading centre on the banks of the holy Ganges and their power and prestige grew that even the Muslim rulers thought it prudent to keep on good terms .
So Panchanan and his uncle Sukhdev left home in the last decade of the 17th century as their forefathers had left home and settled down in a village called गंगा on the bank of the Ganges not far from the British settlement.
थी was a small fishing colony and the fishermen lived in the fishermen along with their own poor tribe .
Seeing a Brahmin family settle in their midst they felt elated and gave the uncle and his nephew all the honour due to their caste.
Even today it is customary to address these Brahmins as ठाकुर .
Later he had a lucrative occupation in supplying provisions to the foreign ships that sailed up the river .
The British and other foreigners had thus ample opportunities of dealing with him and naturally assumed as most foreigners would still do that Thakur was Panchanan ' s surname or family name .
So they referred to him as पंचानन Thakur and unable to articulate the unfamiliar name pronounced it as ' Tagore.
Its fortunes were from the beginning linked with the rise of the British power in India .
As this energy grew and business grew there were originally ordinary fishermen villages shifted to the town of कलकत्ता and कलकत्ता .
The family fortune reached its peak in the life and career of Dwarkanath Tagore .
Born in द्वारकानाथ Dwarkanath was only thirteen years old and his father died .
द्वारकानाथ versatile and enterprising he was a romantic figure who in an earlier age would have carved out a kingdom for himself and become a prince .
Though the people used to call him the Prince because of his राजसी and दिल gift .
His large business covered many things : indigo factories शोरा शोरा शोरा sugar कोयला tea कोयला and कोयला etc .
At home he used to live in a joint family of ancient पंथी and traditional पंथी with great devotion in the morning the deity or the इष्टदेव were worshipped .
But the house - holders put up their आगंतुकों and आगंतुकों - सजाए with their friends and visitors each with their पेशेवर - परिवार शराब and पेशेवर - शराब पेशेवर where they had to compete with their पेशेवर .
कलकत्ता a famous area called पैतृक in the heart of Calcutta where the family mansion of the Tagores still stands now a seat of learning a grateful nation apart from Dwarkanath ' s bright के .
There is no longer the stately edifice which Dwarkanath had built on the adjoining land where he entertained friends and guests and all the leading lions of the then ruling society .
No less lavish and extravagant were his की .
Citizenship In keeping with their aim of building an integrated Indian fraternity and a united nation the founding fathers provided for one single citizenship despite a federal structure .
Unlike the United States of America there is no separate citizenship for the Union and the States and all citizens across the country have been empowered with no discrimination : , only Kashmir non - tribal areas where some special protection has been granted .
The 42nd Amendment to the Constitution inter alia added a new Part to the Constitution under the title Fundamental Duties .
In fact no rights can be viable without corresponding duties and rights of citizens without respect to the political obligations of the citizens to the State have no meaning .
An independent Judiciary has been provided in the Constitution of India .
The High Court and the Supreme Court form a single integrated judicial structure with jurisdiction over all laws - LRB - Union - RRB - State Civil Criminal or constitutional laws .
Unlike the United States of America our country does not have separate federal and State court systems .
It is not only the अभिरक्षक of individual rights and freedoms but it can be expected to interpret the Constitution from time to time and ascertain the validity of any legislation in the context of the Constitution .
The judgement of the Supreme Court is the supreme law of the country .
From his sick bed Amal watches the procession of life in the street outside and longs to participate in it .
The village postman मजाक assures him that he will bring him a letter from the ruler .
Death brings deliverance and innocent faith its final gift .
But the child Rabi was more robust than Amal and survived the neglect of his parents and the tyranny of the servants .
It was a common jingle in Bengali ; वृष्टि the rain पडे the leaf पडे ( the leaf ) " ; but it was the first वर्षा of the magic of poetry for the boy as he added later .
" Whenever the joy of that day comes back to me " but even today I realise why rhyme is so needful in poetry .
Because of this the words come to a standstill and they do not end; the utterance is over but the कान and the ear and the mind keep on कान .
Thus did the rain patter and the leaves quiver again and again the वर्षा day in my consciousness . "
The Supreme Court also functions as the arbiter of any disputes in regard to jurisdiction and distribution of powers between the States or between the Union and the States .
The Constitution of India is one of the most comprehensive documents .
It is unique in many respects .
It cannot be fitted in any particular mould pattern or model .
It is a blend of the rigid and the flexible federal and unitary and presidential and parliamentary forms .
It attempts to balance the fundamental rights of the individual on the one hand and the socio - economic interests of the people and the security of the State on the other .
Moreover it presents a via media between the principles of parliamentary sovereignty and judicial supremacy.
While many Constitutions of nations framed after the Second World War have died and gone into oblivion our Constitution has successfully faced many crises and survived.
This itself is evidence of its resilience dynamism and growth potential .
The Preamble the Fundamental Rights and the philosophy of the Constitution is expected from the Preamble 1 of a Constitution to provide directions to the framers of the Constitution to strive for basic values and philosophy on which the aims and objectives of the Constitution were based .
A tutor was engaged to teach him elementary reading and writing at home but the arrangement came to an end .
When the child found that his eldest brother and sister were going to school in a carriage they too cried out to get the facility .
The exasperated tutor gave him a resounding slap and said " You 're crying to go to school now; you' ll have to cry a lot more to be let off later . "
The boy resented his insistence but later he found that no one had ever made the real prophecy .
In any case his first school was the " School " .
What he learnt there he did not remember much but there was a great deal of कवायद - तन of a fine way of practising children .
My only consolation was that I had not the power to कार्रवाई these प्राणी on any प्राणी creature. "
Soon after Rabi was admitted to the Normal School when he was seven years old and the school was conducted in line with the British system of education .
His companion - mates called it a show of a child ' s easy miracles and when he recited his poem he regretted that a तैराक goes on to break a lotus and लहरों his hand .
Though the child had little say to her father and mother ' s demand : but she was by no means neglected.
All day long discussions were packed with texts .
He was जगा up in the dark and one - eyed पहलवान had to face the practice of wrestling .
Hardly was the wrestling bout over and the dust removed for the body when a Student from the Medical college turned up to teach him the science of अस्थि .
A male skeleton hung on the wall of the room and the children were made to learn by telling them about the various bones. It was a small story later modified .
At seven in the morning the maths tutor came and slate in hand the boy had to work out problems in arithmetic algebra and geometry .
Sometimes the lesson of natural science is also prepared - LRB - which may be used in small ways .
What a sensible answer should be that the child invariably replied " and not " .
The offer was never repeated again .
My constitution was so सेहत sound that even when the most urgent need arose for avoiding school I could never make myself ill by fair means or faulty .
He will save not only food bills but doctor ' s bills .
The reputation reached the ear of the teacher in the Normal School who one day sent for little Rabi and ordered him to write a poem on some moral precept .
When the child complied with the verses the following day he was made to recite them before the whole class .
The only praiseworthy thing about this moral poem was that it soon got lost . "
Its moral effect on the class was far from moral.
His father sent him to ask if he wanted to accompany him to the Himalaya .
The next few days grew excited .
For the first time a full suit of clothes was ordered for him including a gold embroidered cap .
And so one day throughout his wanderings the son accompanied his father and left for his first adventure .
His first halt was Santiniketan now known internationally as the seat of learning at that time .
The boy himself knew that the spot he was visiting would be intimately linked with his life and would be known the world over as the scene of his biggest creative experiment.
Its history is almost coeval with that of Tagore .
As the sun sets in the evening they found themselves in an open and spacious spot where the lush green rose to the western horizon and from there to the distant sun a line of demarcation in the jungle .
But the Maharshi did not blame or chide the child .
It was here that Rabindranath wrote his first verse - drama under a grove of coconut arecanut in its historical theme dealing with पृथ्वीराज पृथ्वीराज the last great Hindu king of Delhi .
In the course of his humorous utterances the author शिकार in his martial spirit मृत्यु in spite of the fact that it fell prey to premature death .
From Santiniketan the father - in - law reached the holy city of the Sikhs visiting several places on the way .
The Maharshi was an admirer of the Sikh faith and went to visit the golden temple accompanied by his son and often joined in the community singing of the hymns.
This early training in reverence for other religions helped to broaden the child ' s sympathies which were later to attain such wide dimensions .
By the time the father and son reached the foot of the Himalayas the month of April had begun.
Their destination was Dalhousie डलहौजी who was located at an altitude of seven thousand above the sea - level and had few bungalows .
Justice is defined as social justice economic and political justice .
In fact parliamentary justice equality independence equality and fraternity are the most important सहगामी of a truly democratic order and therefore only elucidate the concept of a democratic republic .
The words of great and noble words have been used in the Preamble of our Constitution .
They embody the highest values that human ingenuity and experience have been able to devise thus far .
Where the words were found to be vague or their meaning unclear help of the Preamble could be taken to understand the intention of the framers and find out whether the particular word was used in a wide or narrow reference .
There was indeed a great honour in that ancient region and with the fabulous Maharshi who raised the boy ' s stature all over the family .
The rule of the servants ended .
He was now welcome in the inner apartments where the proud mother was only too glad to show off her young prodigy to the other ladies who were all eager to listen to his adventures .
The inner apartments had become the more alluring ever since the new bride had entered the courtyard . " It was the wife of his elder brother Jyotirindranath who had सोने gold on his slender sword .
It was only a little older than Rabi who wanted to be his companion .
I used to roam around her - especially a distance - and I had the courage to go near her . "
She who came from outside to become one of them who was unknown and attracted him strangely and yearned for a long friend with her .
But as soon as he drew near it the youngest sister would snap at him What did you सूझी : " Let us trace it to him more than a child " .
The unwelcome intruder had suddenly become an interesting visitor.
Now everyone was curious to hear interesting tales about his journey and the little lover has no hesitation in drawing more or less colourful from his side .
These teachers soon found it easy to take the horse to the water ' s edge but it was difficult to provide water .
The Bengali tutor soon discovered an effective way of dealing with the truant student .
Having read a couple of scenes from Macbeth with him he would lock him up in a room and set the prisoner free only after the latter had rendered in Bengali verse the scenes previously read .
The whole play thus turned into Bengali verse a budding poet ' s first tribute to the great English dramatist .
Unfortunately the manuscript has not been discovered ; only the translation of the पांडुलिपि Scene published seven years later in 1880 in Bharati ' s 1880 is available .
The plays were written and acted inside the house and music was in the air.
Young Rabi read whatever book he found and fell like a ghost in his hands and listened eagerly to his compositions and stories.
As a part of the mentality of the intellectuals and the ज्वार tide of nationalism was को and he called himself as the सांस्कृतिक सांस्कृतिक सांस्कृतिक which was first known in the year of the Hindu Mela was the हिंदू National Congress .
Like other progressive movements of Bengal of that period this too had been sponsored by the Tagores .
In February 1876 young Rabi aged fourteen recited a patriotic poem at this festival .
The poem was published in the Amrita Bazar Patrika then an Anglo - Bengali weekly .
It was not only Rabi ' s first public appearance but also the first occasion when his name appeared in print over his poem .
Encouraged by this success he repeated the triumph by reciting another poem " प्रकृतिर के " .
Thus there grew up between a motherless boy and a childless lady a warm affection and friendship which satisfied and sublimated the pent - up chaotic किशोरावस्था of his adolescence and warmed his wayward genius into किशोरावस्था .
Kadambari also provided her emotional protection and shade - स्नेहिल which required Rabi at that age was by her husband रवि his vague पति gave him early and direction .
Himself at the peak of his creative powers Jyotirindranath took young Rabi under his wing and made him an apprentice in the workshop of his creation .
He would tune at रवि and ask Ravi to sing and encourage his younger brother to sing and not only to शामिल the rhythm it down .
Whatever freedom of expression be intellectual discussion or literary को - he never comes across the gap between his own and his younger brother Rabi .
This healthy and stimulating companionship enabled Rabi to shake off the diffidence which the repressed years of his infancy had given him .
As far as I can tell myself entirely a little hint from my freedom was forthcoming and there was the way to correct these शरारतों .
I have never been able to make myself capable of taking hold of me physically or mentally by the ears.
In राज्य Singh v . Rajasthan state न्यायमूर्ति Justice था said that the Preamble bore the impression of a thorough की it was a stamp of राज्य and it was given a special significance by the framers of the Constitution .
The Supreme Court ' s opinion regarding the Preamble not being a part of the Constitution perhaps needed है .
It was felt that the intention expressed through the Preamble by the framers of the Constitution ought to have been addressed to .
In Golak Nath v. State of Punjab . Justice विचार observed that the Preamble to the Constitution was a सरकार of principles on which the government was to act .
As in the case of the later भवन Bhavan ( the Mysore State ) ( AIR ( 1970 ) the Supreme Court decides : the Directive Principles and the Fundamental Rights may also be more fully understood in the light of the objectives enshrined in the Preamble .
In the विधानमंडलों case the Supreme Court does not seem to have noticed the fact that the Preamble to any Act was not debated or chosen in the Houses of the legislatures but the entire Constitution of our Constitution would not have been debated .
Justice Sikri said that the legislative history of the Preamble to the Constitution justified its importance .
Thus under the warmth of affection and encouragement the fountain of रवि s poetic exuberance .
He was now fourteen and his first long narrative poem in eight cantos running to over 1600 lines was published in में .
Like Sakuntala her संगी were the wild plants and denizens of the forest and like जंगल there was no human creature to save her father .
The father dies and she is left an orphan who is not even a ढाढस .
A young traveller passes by and struck by her loveliness and her plight takes her home with him .
At the same time he finds it difficult for him to get in touch with the समाज of the society ; and he pines for his beloved forest in the mountains .
She is however greatly attracted by her husband ' s friend नीरद a young poet and in her innocence confesses her love for him .
Though प्यार is also secretly in love with him he is hurt by his frank confession and goes away in anger by the husband of Kamala and kills his friend .
Kamala is heart - broken at this murder and leaving her husband and home keeps vigil by the dead body of कमला .
But having known human love she is unable to find peace in solitude and finally jumps from a snowy peak into the river below.
The waves like a mother ' s arms take back the child to its friends .
It aimed at the political freedom of India and its design was based on the राजनैतिक of राजनैतिक .
Its sittings were marked by a broken lane in the Calcutta lane and its buildings were shrouded in mystery.
This mystery was its only claim to be awe - inspiring for in its consideration and doings there was no new need for the government or the people to be frightened . "
Jyotirindranath was धुन romantic and his fertile imagination lured him to incredible adventures sometimes with funny dreams .
His meeting with destiny was certainly an अभिरुचियों but it helped him to stimulate his brother ' s varied tastes and at the most important of them his passionate concern for the freedom of his country .
At the same time a terrible famine raged over the land and numberless skeletons haunted the villages .
This ghastly contrast was the theme of a satirical poem written by Rabi and read on the occasion of the Hindu Mela of that year .
This magazine had infused new light into Bengali literature .
Young Rabi had now a family forum at his disposal though he still needed some stimulus .
Rabi ' s first story रवि a unfinished novel रवि करुणा करुणा a historical drama written in the छंद . . . a long narrative poem by the poet रवि रवि a collection of songs in the old style and a large collection of poems by him on the art of letters written in the pen - letters written in the love - letters written by him by him by him by him by him by him depicting pictures .
Out of his mature work he discarded most of these stories very निर्ममता and said " There was nothing in my mind which had been heated by steam and all its भाप and पंगु .
When no form was evolved there was the थी of movement a bubbling up a bursting back into बिखर . "
He did so because he had acquired mastery over word trust and form and had therefore been very much opposed to his early efforts which made him blush .
But there are many of these verses which though new in their inner quality are strikingly interesting in which they have a clear vision of the vague mind but the genius which was already over - exhausted .
Then he realises that he had never ceased to love her and that it was her love that he was उधर seeking .
However the delay is too late .
Nalini dies and the poet is left to प्रेम on universal love.
This long poem उदगार उदगार throws out the inevitable impact of the study of English - educated poets and in this period he wrote the second work of Dr Singh भानु रवि ' which was the source of miscellaneous compositions .
The three literary influences on the poetic development of Rabindranath may be said to be : gradually they were compositions of Sanskrit literature such as रवीन्द्रनाथ Vaishnava पदावली and Western literature .
As the confluence of three rivers makes the TAGORE: A LIFE spot sacred the three diverse streams meet and merge and become Rabindranath ' s personality .
पदावली the Padavali bears witness to the impact of Vaishnav religious poetry on this boy poet .
It is difficult to say how far he could understand its communal performance - a विरोध of spite of the symbolism based on the belief of a human god - based on the intuition of the intuition of a man .
Although the basic elements were not precisely defined those mentioned in the Preamble were specifically mentioned .
Thus the Constitution ( तत्वों ) now assumes that the basic elements or features of the Constitution covered in the Preamble cannot be altered by any amendment under article 368 .
But even though the Preamble is now taken to be an inviolable part of the Constitution it still remains a fact that it is neither a source of any power nor a limitation of it .
First it was announced in the case of थी .
During the Emergency the Forty - Second Constitution Amendment Act of 1976 1976 added to the Preamble the words' socialist 'and' secular '.
Also the unity of the nation instead of words unity and integrity of the nation were upheld .
The only place from where the residence of sovereignty and the source of the Constitution itself can be ascertained is the Preamble.
The word reminds us of the opening words of the Preamble of the American Constitution .
It was sought to be stressed that we were one nation and had one Constitution and one polity.
Sovereignty in the United States and Australia is divided between the Union or the Commonwealth and the States each being sovereign in the sphere assigned to them by the Constitution .
The Union can override the States in national interest during emergencies.
Even during normal times it can invade the States' sphere by कानून on subjects in the state list under article 249 .
But our founding fathers at the very outset provided for the अनश्वरता of the Union and for States having no right to secede from the Union .
Every time species are eradicated from an area of the समुद्रतल species there are species living in the रहने region .
This constant change हैं very few species in one area of the sea .
Being so hard to study theories about the समुद्रतल are hard to test.
But the समुद्री समुद्री theory is still the best of the principles enunciated by the sea scientist to explain the life of the sea .
Huge plant diversity
Coral reefs pine मैदान lowland वन सदाबहार and dripping cloud forests are some of the different environmental conditions in the सदाबहार region .
Convention on Biological Diversity
The Convention on Biological Diversity developed after the Summit in 1992 aims to preserve our precious biological diversity .
It binds national governments to protect the natural wealth that has been found in their region .
In the मामलों Bharti and Minerva Mills cases secularism came to be mentioned as a basic feature .
Besides it was inherent in the guarantee of freedom of religion as a fundamental right .
The Constitution ( Forty - Second Amendment ) Bill sought to lay down that secular and democratic character of the Constitution would be regarded as one of the basic features of the Constitution .
However before the Bill was enacted as the 44th Amendment the list of basic features was dropped.
In Shah Bano ' s case the law - makers fell under the pressure of orthodox Muslims and it was brought to the न्यायालय of equal justice for secularism or for all such adverse प्रतिकूल of Muslim Women ( विवाह ) that the Court could set aside .
In any case the only operative interpretation of the term 'secular' in Indian Constitutional Law now would be what can be said of the different provisions of the Constitution - e. g. articles 14 15 जो 19 25 and 28 .
The preamble itself even in its original के form ( , ) included inter alia the freedom of belief - LRB - की - RRB - and the liberty of worship.
The non - alignment thus exercised power directly in deciding matters of the State and this kind of polity could be called direct democracy .
In this case both legal and political sovereignty could be said to vest in the people .
But with the gradual increase in the size and population of the political units and ultimately with the advent of the modern nation - states it became impossible to arrange for the people to assemble at a place to discuss matters of State and arrive at decisions .
Also matters of legislation and State administration grew more and more complex.
All forms of direct democracy therefore soon became practically extinct from all over the world .
There may be a few अंतर्राष्ट्रीय on very important international issues .
Besides there are provisions made in the आयरलैंड of certain countries ( such as France आयरलैंड Ireland जापान Japan and Switzerland ) which have made the संविधान for constitutional amendment .
Thus in a modern democracy परोक्ष representation is necessary which includes government operation and law - making representative of the people .
Thus a democratic polity becomes one of the basic features of our Constitution which cannot be altered by any constitutional amendment but there are many variants of democracy which can be considered equally representative and proper .
Political justice means equal share in the rights of all citizens to participation in the political process without any distinction of race caste creed धर्म religion or place of birth .
Article 16 guarantees equality of opportunity in matters of public employment and articles 325 and 326 provide for equal rights to all adults to participate in elections .
Founding fathers like Nehru and Ambedkar were quite clear in their minds that political justice was meaningless without economic justice .
Dr .
Liberty is derived from the Latin word ' Liberty ' .
It means enforced liberation from bondage to bondage from bondage to trade and freedom from slavery .
Article 17 as a fundamental right was directed at abolishing the practice of untouchability which was an affront to human dignity .
Article 32 provides for a person to approach the Supreme Court directly to the enforcement of his fundamental rights and protection of his personal dignity .
The dignity of the individual can be preserved only if the nation is to be built and its integrity remained secure .
It is only through a spirit of common brotherhood and fraternity that we can hope to build national unity in a highly pluralistic and heterogenous society .
Further without the unity and integrity of the colonial nation we cannot succeed in our economic development efforts nor can we hope to preserve democracy or the country ' s liberty and honour .
Article 51 ( a ) therefore appropriately makes it the duty of all citizens to protect and uphold the sovereignty unity and integrity of India .
In at least in such cases as the threat to the unity and integrity of the nation is expected of every citizen to forget all differences and rise above all considerations of self - interest .
If this does not happen the task of nation - building becomes impossible .
In conclusion the various concepts and words embodied in the Preamble show that the noble words of our Preamble represent the quintessence the philosophy the local ideals and the soul of the entire Constitution of India .
Other parts and provisions of the Constitution are only an elaboration and an attempt to give concrete shape content and meaning to the words of the Preamble .
Q . How do scientists name new species ?
How does it fit into our current knowledge of the natural world ?
What is the Darwin Centre ?
What about the future ?
- sick samples need constant care - how do we look after them ?
Collecting & society
Why are these collections kept in this museum ?
How do we collect and study specimens ?
How do researchers carry out their scientific studies ?
Specimens & knowledge
Our collections contain over 60 million specimens from the living world - what are they ?
What research do we do in इंग्रहालय ?
How does it benefit the world ?
The Constitution of a country lays down the basic structure of its political system under which its people are subject .
It establishes the main organs of the state - the legislature the executive and the judiciary defines their powers शक्तियों their responsibilities and regulates their relationships with each other and with the people .
In a democracy sovereignty vests in the people .
But with the growing complexities of parliamentary administration and the growing size of the nation - states direct democracy is no longer possible .
In the modern representative democracies people decide how to rule it and who it .
Clauses 3 and 4 of article 15 embody exceptions to the general principles of non - discrimination .
They respectively empower the State to make special provisions for women and children and for the advancement of any socially and educationally backward classes of citizens or for the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes .
( See Abdul Aziz v . Bombay State AIR 1954 SC 226 ) ; Madras State v. 226 ( AIR 1951 SC 226 ) .
However inspite of the special provisions of the article ; it has been held that the general prohibition under article 14 would apply to such cases as the State does not make special provisions which they would not be arbitrary or unreasonable .
As the Supreme Court has held out the Jati of the individual cannot be the sole mechanism to determine whether a particular class is backward or not .
In the case of Chitralekha v . Mysore ( AIR 1964 SC 1823 ) he decided that although caste is a relevant reason for being able to ensure the backwardness of a class of people it cannot be something which would prevent the concerned authority .
The validity of any reservation could therefore be tested on whether it was based on any rational and relevant considerations ?
Many eligible candidates will thus be frustrated .
The validity of any reservation could therefore be tested on whether it was based on any rational and relevant considerations ?
He observed that they were instances of socially and educationally backward - class citizens .
It held that reservation for 80 per cent of the state ' s population which was in' rural जो could not be a homogenous class by itself .
Mysore ( Mysore AIR 1971 SC 1971 ) .
It declared that more than 50 per cent reservation of posts in a single year would be unconstitutional as it per se destroyed article 16 ( 1 ) .
The Mandal Commission had recommended 27 per cent reservation for backward classes in view of the limit of 50 per cent imposed by the Supreme Court .
It is not advisable in higher posts like professors in education pilots in Airlines pilots in Airlines Scientists and technicians in nuclear and space application etc .
The fourth exception to the general rule of equality of opportunity in public employment is made in the clause ( 5 of article 16 ) which lays down the law that a member of a particular religious or communal body concerned with the work of a particular religion .
Article 17 उन्मूलन untouchability and forbids its practice in any form .
If practised it shall be treated as an offence punishable in accordance with law .
The object of the article is to end the inhuman practice of treating certain fellow human beings as dirty and untouchable by virtue of their birth in certain castes .
( People Union for Democratic Rights v. Union of India AIR 1982 SC 1982 ) .
At the same time it is the bounden duty of every citizen to ensure that untouchability is not practised in any form .
The Untouchability ( Offences ) Act 1955 1955 later published as the Protection of Civil Rights Act 1955 provides for punishment of offenders.
Abolition of titles.
An exemption has however been made in the case of Military and academic distinction .
Under clause 2 of the article नागरिक ( i . e . a citizen of India has also been prohibited from accepting any title from a foreign State .
Clause 3 ) provides that a foreigner holding any office of profit or trust under the State could not accept any title from a foreign state without the consent of the President .
And under clause ( 4 ) no person holding any office of profit or trust under the State shall without the consent of the President .
A question raised is that on the Republic Day for the distinguished commendable service to be awarded by the President for many years असैनिक असैनिक असैनिक and असैनिक and if they do not violate article 18 of the Constitution ?
No awards were announced for several years on account of the adjournment orders of the Supreme Court .
( State of West Bengal v. Subodh Gopal Bose AIR 1954 SC 92 95 ) .
However the courts have not taken the liberty of taking full advantage of the democratic values of a free citizen .
Scientists worked on this assumption and discovered historical causes of climate change by studying the mosquitoes .
Tracking climate change
Their caterpillars are kept in fresh water .
When they die they fall to the bottom of the lake and become part of the sediments .
The mud can be radio - carbon dated and Steve can identify the different species of dead bodies available in our collection using a microscope .
Every species of flies thrive at a particular temperature .
Thus तापमान can be traced as to the temperature period during which the mosquitoes were found .
In the tropical region the total incidence of malaria is approximately 10 to 30 lakhs per year .
We have to control the mosquitoes to prevent malaria .
Limited companies having shareholders own a large number of industries .
There are creditors and depositors and various other persons having dealings with the undertakings .
Nevertheless the State does not need to justify its trade monopoly as a reasonable restriction or in the interest of the general public ( प्रदेश Ahmed v. State of Uttar Pradesh AIR 1954 SC पी ) .
In fact there can be no objection under article 19 ( l ) if the State Sabha or a certain citizen conducting business as a monopoly licence or competition with a citizen .
Protection in Respect of दोषसिद्धि for Offences Under article 20 the Constitution has taken care to safeguard the rights of persons accused of offence .
This article has been considered so important that the Forty - fourth Amendment provides that it cannot be suspended even during an Emergency by an order under article 359 .
Thus the Legislature is prohibited to make criminal laws having retrospective effect .
No one can claim this immunity in relation to the demands of protection .
Article 30 has been criticized inter alia on the ground that the right to establish and administer educational institutions of their choice available to the minorities is denied to the majority community .
Moreover since the term अल्पसंख्यक has not been defined anywhere in the Constitution and there are advantages of belonging to the minority groups in the majority Hindus like the आर्यसमाज started claiming minority status .
In Bengal the Ramakrishna Mission had to declare that they are not Hindu but represent an independent minority religion .
During the various stages of the framing of the Constitution of India in the Constituent Assembly the संपत्ति संपत्ति provisions had proved to be the most controversial and had taxed the संपत्ति संपत्ति संपत्ति and the spirit of संपत्ति and compromise .
There was a consensus which each of the contenders interpreted in his own way .
The consensus was embodied in articles 31 and 19 ( f ) of the Constitution .
The right to Constitutional remedies is meaningful only when they can be implemented and if उल्लंघन .
Our Constitution not only guarantees certain fundamental rights but also guarantees the right to move the highest court in the country by appropriate proceedings for the enforcement of the fundamental rights .
The Supreme Court may issue writs in the nature of habeas corpus mandamus prohibition quo है and बंदी .
Parliament may empower any other courts also to exercise these rights .
The right guaranteed by article 32 cannot be suspended except as provided by the Constitution .
As in the proclamation of Emergency ( a ) the right to go to the court to enforce any of the fundamental rights except Articles 20 and 21 thereof shall not be suspended under article 359 and article 359 of the State .
Where the suspension of fundamental rights is protected by the Constitution ( article 32 ) will not apply ( पंजाब v. State of Punjab AIR 1964 SC 131 ) .
The Supreme Court held that this right could not be taken away by amending the Constitution as it was a basic feature of the Constitution ( Indian Fertilizer Corporation v. Union of India AIR 1981 SC 344 ) .
Dr .
Ambedkar described this provision as the very soul and spirit of the Constitution .
Only the fundamental rights guaranteed by the Constitution can be enforced under article 32 .
Since right to constitutional remedy under article 32 is itself a fundamental right the Supreme Court cannot refuse relief for violation of a substantive fundamental right .
Article 226 grants powers to the High Courts also to issue various writs .
But the Supreme Court has held that where relief through High Court under Article 226 is available the High Court should first go to the High Court ( गुजरात v. State of Gujarat ( AIR 1987 SC अनुतोष ) .
Under article 34 Parliament may by law indemnify a person for anything done in contravention of fundamental rights for maintenance of order during the operation of martial law .
The Directive Principles of State Policy embodied in Part IV are a unique feature of our Constitution .
In addition to the precedent of the Irish Constitution the basic inspiration for the chapter of the Irish Directive Principles came from the concept of कल्याणकारी Bharti v. State of Kerala AIR 1973 SC 146 ) .
While seeking to protect the basic rights of the individual the framers of the Constitution also wanted our Constitution to become an effective instrument for social revolution .
Article 41 provides for the State to have the right to secure public assistance within the limits of its economic strength and growth and to get public assistance in the event of unemployment old age sickness and disablement or other cases of undeserved .
Article 42 and 43 provide for endeavouring to secure for workers a living wage humane conditions of work maternity relief a decent standard of life and full enjoyment of leisure and social and cultural opportunity .
Article सिविल of the Constitution ; to encourage children to complete the age of fourteen . i . e . to them Article 45 .
Though the directive principles could not be taken to the Court these elements have still been given guidance to the Union and State Legislatures in the formulation of social reforms Bills and the Constitution guidelines for their interpretation of the Constitution . .
Every other right can be shown to be a usurpation hardly worth fighting .
Gandhiji sought to emphasise the economic and social responsibilities of all citizens .
It was in keeping with his ideas that the Constitution ( Forty - Second Amendment ) Act के 1976 added a new Part से titled " original " of Fundamental Rights and Directive Principles respectively in the Constitution .
Bills belonging to certain categories can be introduced and proceeded with only after the recommendation of the President ( articles 117 and 274 ( 1 ) .
In fact the dissolution of Lok Sabha is done every time from the first Lok Sabha before its expiry .
Once when during the Emergency its term was extended the House was dissolved before the expiry of the enhanced period .
Qualification for membership of Parliament Article 83 lays down the qualifications for membership of both Houses of Parliament .
He should be at least 30 years of age for membership of Rajya Sabha and he should have at least 25 years of age for membership of Lok Sabha .
Additional qualifications may be prescribed by law .
Under article 102 ) for membership no person shall be entitled to be elected and liable to be कानून if he or she is not a citizen of India except that of a foreign State ;
If a member does not resign his seat in a state legislature his seat may be declared vacant in the House of Parliament .
Every provision of the Constitution has to be so construed as to give meaning and relevance to every word used.
( Golak Nath v. State of Punjab ( AIR 1967 SC 1643 ) .
It is therefore necessary to understand the background and history of any existing and applied Constitution .
In ancient India the concepts of constitutional rule of democracy शासन representative institutions the arbitrary control of the arbitrary powers of the rulers and the rule of law were not confined to ancient India .
It may also assent to a demand subject to a reduction .
A demand for grant will be made on the recommendation of the President ( article 113 ) .
No amendment is permitted which seeks to vary the amount or alter the allocation of any grant head or vary the amount of any charged expenditure .
Appropriation Bill is necessary because no money can be drawn from the Consolidated Fund without parliamentary sanction .
Additional अनुदानों supplementary or excess grants may be voted separately but the same procedure will apply to them also ( articles 114 - 115 - 115 ) .
Parliament may by law regulate the procedure for the purpose of timely completion of the financial work ( articles 119 ) .
Language of Parliament has been declared in the Constitution to be used in Hindi and English in Parliament .
The Presiding Officers may however refer to any member who cannot express himself well in Hindi or English and may permit his mother tongue to address the House ( article 120 ) .
It does not and cannot itself rule .
The Council of Ministers may in a sense be described as the grand executive committee of Parliament charged with the responsibility of governance on behalf of the parent body .
Since the members of the Council of Ministers are drawn from Parliament and is a part of Parliament and responsible to the Lok Sabha the relationship may be said to be that it is the same as the integral part of the Council .
There is however a clear distinction between the functions of the Executive and the functions of Parliament ( article 75 ) .
Parliament may make laws give full advice and आलोचना public grievances .
The function of Parliament is to exercise political and financial control over the Executive and to ensure parliamentary surveillance of administration .
It can be removed from his office by the President ( by a special majority ) if an address is passed by each House with a majority of the members present and voting.
Parliament does not have the power to discuss the conduct of any Judge of the Supreme Court or of the High Court except before a motion for presenting an address to the President praying for the removal of a judge .
Parliament may by law provide for the establishment of an administrative tribunal for the Union and a separate administrative tribunal for each State or for two or more States .
The law made under this provision may specify the jurisdiction and powers of the tribunals .
Such law may exclude the jurisdiction of all Courts except the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court under article 136 with respect to certain specified matters ( articles 136 and न्यायालयों ) .
ii The Presiding Officer of every House or any officer of Parliament or a member having the powers to regulate the procedure or conduct of business and to enforce the decision of a House of Parliament ( 2 ) shall not be subject to the exercise of such powers .
The constitutional validity of a law can be challenged in India on the ground that the content of the Constitution cannot be appealed against the judgement of the Supreme Court .
It remains the law of the country till its interpretation is reviewed or reversed by the Supreme Court itself or the law or the Constitution is suitably amended .
If an Act of Parliament is set aside by the judiciary Parliament can re - enact it after removing the defects for which it was set aside .
The Constitution ( 44th Amendment ) Act 1985 1985 which is generally known as Anti - दलबदल law has been the subject of controversy since the very beginning .
Several writ petitions challenging the validity and constitutionality of the 1985 enactment were also filed in the Supreme Court and various High Courts .
The Supreme Court on the request of the Government withdrew and transferred to itself all the writ petitions pending before various High Courts .
The Speaker disqualified four of the 20 members on the ground of voluntarily सचेतक their party whip.
But the disqualification was to have only prospective effect from the date of the order .
He suggested that the task of determining disqualification of members under the Tenth Schedule could better be entrusted to the judges .
The Tenth Schedule defines the " Legislature Party " and " the original political party " in both cases of राजनीतिक but unfortunately it is a fact that " the political party " has not been defined .
It is necessary to define " the political party " and to lay down the conditions of its recognition for the purposes of दलबदल - दलबदल law .
The provisions of the Judiciary of India Article 124 - 147 and 237 are contained in Part 5 of the Chapter V of the Union ' s Judiciary and i respectively under the High Courts of States and 6 of Subordinate Courts .
But it is true that unlike other federal systems like the United States we do not have separate अधिक्रम of the Union and State courts .
The jurisdiction of the Supreme Court may also be excluded in certain other matters e. g. inter - State water disputes ( article 262 ) जल to the Finance Commission ( articles 290 खर्चों ) and certain expenses between the Union and the States .
Recovery of damages against the Government of India cannot be claimed by a State before the Supreme Court under Article 131 .
Also a dispute to be so brought before the Supreme Court must involve a question whether of law or fact on which the existence or extent of a legal right depends .
Under the new Article 139 inserted by the 44th Amendment in 1978 the Supreme Court may transfer cases to itself from one or more High Courts ( if they involve questions of law or of great importance .
The Supreme Court in the interest of justice may also transfer cases from one High Court to another .
The original jurisdiction of the Supreme Court also extends to cases of violation of fundamental rights of individuals and the Court may issue several writs ( writ ) for the enforcement of these rights .
It is a unique feature of our Constitution that in the case of violation of their fundamental rights a person can straightaway approach the highest court .
The appellate jurisdiction of the Supreme Court extends to civil appeals criminal and constitutional matters .
Taking advantage of the disintegration of the Mughal Empire and the circumstances of disturbances throughout the country the मुगल Company gradually came to emerge as a dominant power .
The victory of the company at the Battle of Plassey in 1757 against अंग्रेजी the Nawab of Bengal सिराजुद्दौला and the foundations of British rule in India .
Article 217 says that in case of the appointment of all judges other than the Chief Justice of India the President shall appoint the High Court Judges after consultation with the Chief Justice of that High Court .
In S . C . Gupta v . Union of India ( AIR 1982 SC 149 ) it was held that all the three groups would have to be given equal importance in the process of consultation .
To be appointed a High Court judge a person must be a citizen of India and must have been a court advocate for at least ten years or ten years .
Judges may be transferred from one High Court to another by the President after consulting the Chief Justice of India .
The President may appoint an acting Chief Justice for a High Court .
The President may appoint additional and executive judges to the High Court if need be .
The Union Constitution Committee meeting of 6 June 1947 tentatively decided that the Constitution should be a federal structure with a strong Centre and that there should be three exhaustive lists with residuary powers vesting in the Centre .
The committee consensus took the view that it would not be beneficial to the country to have a weak central authority as such authority would not command either in the way of effective co - ordinating the vital matters of peace and collective interest .
In the context of these developments the Drafting Committee decided to call India a Union although its Constitution might be federal .
The emphasis on India being a Union was to convey the fact that it was not the result of a compact or agreement between the constituent units but a declaration by the Constituent Assembly deriving its authority from the people of India .
Parliament may make laws for the whole or any part of India .
Stamp duties on Bills of exchange etc and duties of excise on medicinal and toilet preparations mentioned in the Union List shall be levied by the Union but collected and appropriated by the States and they shall be part of their revenues except in the Union Territories .
There are some taxes and duties in the Union List which are levied and collected by the Union but their proceeds are distributed between the Union and the states .
After the constitution of the Finance Commission the President ' s order on the distribution of proceeds from income tax will be issued on the recommendations of the Commission .
Article 273 ( 275 and 282 provide for three kinds of grants - in - aid to the States .
Thus grants may be given by the Union to the States of Assam , Bihar बंगाल Orissa बंगाल and West Bengal in lieu of export duty on jute and jute products ( article 273 ) .
Under article 282 the Union or a State may make a grant for any public purpose irrespective of that purpose being outside the legislative jurisdiction of the Union or State concerned .
The Act of 1892 was certainly an improvement over the 1861 Act insofar as it provided an element of representation in the Legislative Council and relaxed to some extent the restrictions on its work by expanding its functions .
Given this the then Secretary of State for India . Lord Morley and the then Viceroy Lord Minto jointly worked out certain constitutional reform proposals during 1906 - 07 .
These aimed at the expansion of the Legislative Councils and the enlargement of their powers and functions the appointment of Indian members on the Executive Councils the creation of such Councils the establishment of such Councils and the development of local government systems .
Article 290 A provides for certain sums to be paid annually to निधियों Funds of Travancore and Tamil Nadu from the Consolidated Funds of these States .
A State may also similarly borrow subject to limits set by the Legislature .
The Government of India can within its borrow powers lend to any State or guarantee loans raised by the State .
So long as any of such loans remain outstanding the state government cannot borrow anything without the consent of the Government of India ( article है ) .
Things of value within territorial waters or continental shelf and resources of the exclusive economic zone shall vest in the Union ( article सागर ) .
The Union and the executive power of every State shall extend to carrying on trade or business and to acquire hold or dispose of property and make contracts subject to any law made by the concerned State Legislature ( article विधानमंडल ) .
This article says obviously is an independent or additional source of executive power in addition to article 245 .
During the periods of Emergency extraordinary powers were assumed by the Union Government under several laws and Parliament passed the Constitution Amendment .
There was widespread criticism of the misuse of powers during the period of internal emergency .
In the general elections that followed the ruling Congress ( I ) lost in power under the leadership of Indira Gandhi and the Janata Party Government continued .
Thus exercise of President ' s power under article 356 was brought under judicial review to that extent .
The official language for use as the official language of the Union shall be the official language for communication between the states and the states .
Two or more States will be left to agree to the use of Hindi for communication between them ( article छूट ) .
Until Parliament by law provides otherwise all proceedings in the Supreme Court and in the High Court are to be in English .
In addition authoritative texts of all Bills amendments . Acts ordinances , orders उपनियमों rules उपनियमों regulations and bye - laws shall also be in English only .
But the Governor of a State may by previous consent of the President authorise the use of Hindi language in the proceedings of that High Court or of any language used for the official purposes of that state ( article अंग्रेजी / उच्च ) and the English Order .
It has also been stated in the 1963 Acts that Hindi translation of the State ' s Acts etc . shall also be given in certain circumstances .
The Act provides for optional use of Hindi or any other official language subject to the Governor obtaining prior consent of the President and an English translation accompanying the judgement etc.
Language of Public Grievances is one of the most important provisions of Article 350 that not only to a citizen but to every person to permit any of the officers or officers of the Union or a state to use the cause for removing a grievance .
" The present position of the principle of ' the fundamental features is that unless the decision given in the मामले case has any full bench in the Supreme Court which may interfere with the Constitution on another basis .
He felt that Parliament had no power to revoke the order to build a welfare State and an egalitarian society ( para संसद ) .
The secular character of the राज्य State could not likewise be done away with ( para किया ) .
The same Judge in the Minerva Mills case added the powers of amendment to the Fundamental Rights of the Constitution " judicial review " and a balance between the Fundamental Rights and the Directive Principles .
But one side is also a blind one .
Democracy that the Government pays must enjoy the strength and stability necessary for security strategic growth and sustainability of the people expected to be responsible to the people and their representatives .
Our founding fathers had the उपनिवेशवादी experience of the arbitrary colonial rule which neither represented the people nor responsive to the needs and aspirations of its people .
These two institutions were of different status and their functions were different .
The Committee consisted of a General Assembly or the Lok Sabha with a body of relatively small and selected senior people ? the House roughly similar to the Upper House in the modern Legislatures .
There are many indications in the Vedic texts to show that these two bodies were closely associated with the affairs of the state and had considerable authority , influence and honour .
It is known that some of the most important elements of modern parliamentary public opinion such as free discussions and Arab decision makers were still present .
The decision by the majority was considered था which could not be boycotted because when many people met in a meeting and speak there with a voice that voice or majority cannot be ignored by others . "
In fact the foundational principle of ancient Indian society was that the government should be conducted not with the will of an individual but with the aid of पार्षदों whose advice was to be accepted with reverence .
The ideal was that the powers and conventions of the king were limited to the orders of local customs and the धर्मशास्त्रों .
The distinction made between the executive and legislative functions of the Council of the Governor - General ' s Council resulted in the incorporation of a fourth and legislative member and the appointment of a distinguished jurist Lord Macaulay .
Thus we find the seeds of a Legislative Council distinct from the Executive Council in the 1833 Act although it did not have been so long in use .
The Charter Act of 1853 was the final Charter Act of 1853 which made significant changes in the Governor - General ' s Council .
The Council ' s fourth or legislative member was given equal status equal to other members by the power to appear and vote at executive meetings .
At the same time the Council was enlarged for legislative purposes by the addition of six special members " namely the Legislative पार्षद .
Thus in addition to the Governor - General and the Commander - in - Chief the Council set up under the Act of 1853 was twelve members .
When the Council worked as a legislative body the discussion was not written and the matter was written ; instead of sending a member to a member the Bills were referred to the Select Committees which were published serially instead of being सरकारी
The duties of the new Council were not confined to legislation but were reported in the Official Language Report ( 1918 ) : unlike the संसद of the Parliament it made a collective representation of the Speaker for the purposes of examining and removing them .
The Indian Councils Act of 1861 sought to provide for a better arrangement for the constitution of the Governor - General ' s Council and for the local government in several Provinces and Provinces .
In order to give an exhaustive extension of the Governor - General ' s Legislative Council it would consist of at least ten or more than sixteen ) additional members making arrangement for a minimum of twelve members .
Similarly the number of additional members of the Provincial Legislative Councils was also increased .
The regulations under which additional members of the Councils were elected laid down that some non - official persons should be nominated on the recommendations of certain recognised bodies or bodies representing particular interests .
The Legislative Council of the Governor - General ( गवर्नर ) or the Indian Legislative Council ) constituted five more members of which were nominated by the non - official members of the Provincial Councils and one by the Calcutta Chamber of Commerce .
Though the term ' was deliberately used it indicated by the non - official members of the Provincial Council who accepted the principle of selection in the Central Council .
Members of the Legislative Council were also empowered to ask questions i . e . to obtain information on important subjects .
The right which is the exclusive right of any legislature is विधानमंडल exercised at that time but it is a decisive step in the nature of the parliamentary body .
The entry of elected सदस्यों ushered in a new era in the life of the Council .
Broadly speaking the Indian Legislature had no power to amend or repeal any parliamentary law relating to British India or to do anything affecting the authority of the British Parliament .
Under the Act it was also expected that the Legislatures which had the effect on some important matters could be introduced in any House of India with the full approval of the Governor - General .
In addition to his existing power of विधानमंडल a Bill passed by the Legislature or to ascertain the wishes of His Majesty the Governor - General was empowered to enact legislations which would consider necessary to the good of British India or any part of British India .
In case of Emergency the Governor - General ' s power to promulgate Ordinances for peace and good governance of British India .
Similarly in financial matters also where the legislature was empowered to recognise or refuse to accept a grant - in - aid only and may require it from the Governor - General .
Thus the Indian Legislature under the 1919 Act was a quasi - judicial body and the administrative machinery was powerless before the Executive in all spheres of governmental activities in legislative and financial matters .
However in addition to the constitution of the Dominion Legislature the task of making international legislation was not in the hands of the Governor - General ' s Council .
The body had now to function as a cabinet and submit fiscal and legislative proposals of the government to the Legislature presided over by non - official अधिकारी .
There was a great increase in the legislative activity and several legislations which gave permanent benefit to the country were enacted .
Except for certain reserved heads of expenditure the rest of the budget had to be accepted and the government had to face great difficulties in case of the refusal of supplies and services by the House or rejection of the entire Budget .
Every member of the Rajya Sabha has a duration of six years but as far as possible one - third of its members retire every second year the term of office of members begins in the Gazette when the members are notified by the Government of India .
The Vice - President who is elected by the members of the two Houses of Parliament is the ex - officio Chairman of the Rajya Sabha whereas a member is elected by the members of the Rajya Sabha for the post of the Deputy Chairman .
Lok Sabha : The other House ( Lok Sabha ) is the House of the People ) .
It is directly elected by the people .
Every citizen of India - LRB - not of 18 years of age - RRB - shall be entitled to vote in the elections to the Lok Sabha - LRB - unless he is otherwise disqualified under law .
The Constitution declares that not more than one member shall be elected directly from the territorial constituencies in the States and not more than 20 members shall represent the Union territories which shall be elected in such a manner as Parliament may by law provide .
In addition the President may nominate not more than two members to represent the Anglo - Indian community .
There will be no change in the number of seats in the Lok Sabha by 2000 ( articles 81 ) to the Lok Sabha depending on the population ratio for the Scheduled Castes and the Scheduled Tribes .
If the Executive has almost unlimited power to formulate legislative and financial proposals and place them before the Parliament itself and to execute the accepted policies which are without some hindrance the Parliament has unlimited power to exercise information and it is impossible for the Executive .
The Executive and the administration are responsible to the Parliament .
The function of Parliament is to exercise political and financial control over the Executive and to ensure parliamentary surveillance of administration .
Parliament has the power to make laws regulating the constitution organisation the constitution agency the jurisdiction and the powers of the Courts .
The Constitution laid down that the number of judges other than the Chief Justice would not exceed seven .
Parliament was however empowered to prescribe a large number of judges by law .
Under this provision Parliament passed the Supreme Court ( Number of Judges ) Act in which the number of other judges was increased to ten and was subsequently reduced to 25 by several amendments to the Act .
Thus at present the number of judges of the Supreme Court including the Chief Justice is 26 .
Each state has a High Court which consists of the Chief Justice and such other judges as the President may deem necessary to appoint from time to time .
There are many authorities who very legitimately interpret the Constitution almost daily during the discharge of their functions .
The basic function of the Courts is to adjudicate disputes between individuals between individuals and the States between the Union and the State and between the States and while so adjudicating the Courts may be required to interpret the provisions of the Constitution and the laws .
And the interpretation given by the Supreme Court becomes the law honoured by all the courts of law .
There is no appeal against the judgement of the Supreme Court .
It remains the law of the land unless its interpretation is reviewed or reversed by the Supreme Court itself or the law or the Constitution is suitably amended by Parliament .
If an Act of Parliament is set aside by the Judiciary the Parliament can re - enact it after removing the defects for which it was set aside .
The Parliament of India is not as supreme as the British Parliament where no judicial review of legislation is permitted.
At the same time Judiciary in India is not as supreme as in the United States of America which recognises virtually no limit on the scope of judicial review .
The Parliament of India representing as it does all constitutionally organised shades of public opinion at the national level occupies a very important position in the political system of the country .
It embodies and प्रभुसत्ता the " sovereignty of the people ; it is the voice and mirror of the nation .
Members of Parliament as elected representatives of the people ventilate the people ' s grievances and opinions on various issues scrutinise the functioning of the government and make laws .
The Parliament functions as the राष्ट्र and watchdog of the nation .
Andhra Pradesh 18 14.
Significant occasions for the review of administration are provided by the discussions on the Motion of Thanks on the President 's Address the Budget demands and particular aspects of governmental policy or situations.
The Parliament gets information from a variety of sources : but the government is the biggest source of information therefore it has to rely very much on the government departments for its information needs .
Parliament ' s right to be informed is unlimited - LRB - except that if the information given is likely to prejudice vital national interest or the security of the State it may not be insisted upon.
As far as the activities of the Government are concerned it is the duty of the Government itself to make available to Parliament the correct and clear information available from time to time .
This information is made available by the ministers making statements on the floor of the House laying reports and papers on the Table of the House or placing documents in the Parliament Library .
All these above information is important then published immediately and can be used to raise discussions in the House .
The most well - known and effective mechanism through which members gain information is that of asking questions in the Houses of Parliament .
It has been rightly said that during the Question Hour in Parliament there is a thorough examination of every activity in every department of the vast administrative set - up and no sphere is left untouched by the Parliament .
, through Questions seeking information which are so framed as to expose the shortcomings of the administration : there is a strong trial of ministers .
से and discussions bring out the underlying tensions and समाज in society .
The Parliament becomes the legitimate arena for counter - military power struggle for गतिविधि political activity or for acting out the conflicting roles and interests with parliamentary rules and procedures facilitating eventual reconciliation.
Instead of fighting to annihilate each other the parties tend to agree to disagree and to accommodate or tolerate each other .
In performing this conflict resolution role the parliamentary institution acts as a great national integrator and mediator in change.
In the context of our highly pluralistic society the functions of Parliament which resolution. of conflicts and टकरावों are particularly important .
Apart from the role played by the formal parliamentary forums and parliamentary procedures attention may be drawn to the Central Hall of the Parliament House which is almost an institution in itself .
Parliament representatives from all parts of the country irrespective of caste creed region or religion meet informally and discuss problems which affect the country personally or groups .
It creates feelings of national unity which cannot be produced elsewhere .
Even those who before entering their portals may have some separatist regional or parochial views get cleansed and all feel one? people of a single country .
Every citizen who is 18 years or more has full voting rights irrespective of religion race caste sex or place of birth .
Besides सदनों for the two Houses of Parliament and the legislatures of the Union Parliament the Election Commission is responsible for the high office of the President and Vice - President of India .
The Election Commission consists of the Chief Election Commissioner and such other Election Commissioners as may be appointed by the President.
In October 1993 two Election Commissioners were appointed and by an ordinance given the same position and status by which the Chief Election Commissioner was received .
Moreover the कर Commission was required to act as a body taking decisions unanimously or by majority.
( f ) he is so disqualified on the ground of change .
In addition to the above expectations some other recommendations have also been laid down in the electoral laws .
Under the Public Representation Act 1951 if a person was convicted to promote enmity among the different communities as well as for the offence of bribe he was chosen as a member of the घूस or for the promotion of untouchability or .
Again a person convicted for any offence and sentenced to imprisonment for not less than two years stands disqualified for a period of five years after his release.
A government servant dismissed for corruption or for कर्मचारी to the State is disqualified for a period of five years from the date of his dismissal .
Rajya Sabha by election means the members of the Rajya Sabha representing the people of the States and Union Territories .
They are elected through a system of indirect election and in accordance with the system of proportional representation by means of single transferable vote.
After the motion is agreed to by the Chairman of the Rajya Sabha and the Speaker of the Lok Sabha orders of the President to summon the Houses on the date and time specified by the Secretaries - General of the two Houses .
They notify the order of the President in the Gazette Extraordinary and issue a communique in the matter.
Thereafter the Secretary - General Secretary हैं sends a summons to each House .
Normally there are three sessions of Parliament each year viz the Budget Session ( July - May ) the Monsoon session ( July - September and winter months ) .
But in the case of the Rajya Sabha the Budget Session is split into two sessions with a space of three to four weeks in between thus four sessions of the Rajya Sabha .
The Speaker तो appoints a member of the Lok Sabha to convene a meeting for the first time after the general election .
Normally the senior - most member is chosen.
The Speaker pro - सदन presides over the House for the purpose of enabling the new members to take oath etc . and elect their Speaker .
President 's Address After the newly elected members have taken oath / affirmation and the Speaker has been elected the President addresses both Houses of Parliament assembled together in the Central Hall of the Parliament House.
The President also addresses the Houses together at the commencement of the first session of each year .
The President arrives in the State Coach at the Parliament House where he is received at the gate by the Chairman Rajya Sabha - LRB - Speaker - RRB - the Prime Minister the Minister the Minister of Parliamentary Affairs and the Secretaries - General of the two Houses .
He is then taken in a ceremonial procession to the high - domed Central Hall of Parliament along a red - कालीन route .
After the National Anthem has been played the President reads the address .
The address consists of details of policies and programmes which the government proposes to pursue in the following year .
Being a statement of the policy of the government the Address is drafted by the government .
Half - an - hour after the President ' s Address both the Houses meet in their Chamber where the copies of the President ' s Address are laid on the Table of the House by the Secretary - General .
The President ' s Address is discussed in both the Houses on a Motion of Thanks proposed by a member of the House and seconded by another member .
5 The discussion on the address is most comprehensive and throws light on any or all aspects of the administration.
Members speak on all sorts of problems national and international .
Thanks amendments to the Motion of Thanks.
The only limitations during the discussion are that members cannot refer to such matters for which the Government of India is not directly responsible and the name of the President cannot be mentioned during the debate .
At the end of the discussion usually the Prime Minister replies to the debate on the President ' s Address .
After the reply of the prime minister the amendments to the order are disposed of and the Motion of Thanks is moved to the vote of the House .
After the motion is passed the President is informed by the Speaker through a letter to the President .
The President declares the date for the election of the Speaker after receiving the suggestion of the latter by the Vice - President of the Lok Sabha .
The Secretary - General there after sends a notice of this date to every member .
10 A notice of motion for election of a candidate selected by the ruling party is usually given by the Prime Minister or the Minister of Parliamentary Affairs .
All the notices of motion which are found in order are entered in the List of Business in the order in which they are received at the point of time .
On the day fixed for the election the member in whose name it is proposed is called to move the motion .
He can also withdraw the offer .
The motions which have been moved and duly seconded are put to vote in the House one by one in the order in which they have been moved .
Whenever a motion is passed the Chair declares that the member to whom the motion has been proposed in the motion which has been proposed has been made is elected the Speaker of the House.
But if a single member questions it at any time the proceedings have got to be interrupted the quorum bell has to be rung and proceedings can be resumed only after there is a quorum .
The decision of the House on a question can be taken by means of a motion moved by a member .
In most cases the decision is taken by the voice vote if a voice opinion is rejected in relation to a question the Speaker orders that the defendant should be emptied .
After the lapse of about three and a half minutes the Speaker puts the question a second time and declares whether in his opinion the पक्ष or the " have won the parties .
If the opinion so declared is again challenged the Speaker directs that the votes be recorded either by operating the automatic vote recorder or by using " or " पर्चियों slips in the House .
The practice of going into the मत for the purpose of vote recording is not in vogue for many years now .
When a division is ordered by the Speaker division bells ring normally for three and a half minutes .
Immediately after the bells stop ringing all the outer doors of the inner lobby of the चैंबर Chamber are closed to prevent any entry until division is completed .
Under the automatic vote recorder system each member casts his vote from the seat allotted to him pressing the requisite button provided for the purpose .
A single Push button has been set on each member ' s seat ; a सदस्य and three push button is put on the green ' button ' a red on the side ' a drop of the colour switch over with a black box .
Within the House and in all matters connected with the House his word is final.
Independence and impartiality are the two important attributes of the office of the Speaker .
He ranks higher than all the ministers except the prime minister .
His salary and allowances are charged on the Consolidated Fund of India - which is they do not have to be voted by Parliament .
His conduct cannot be discussed except on a substantive motion .
He shall not vote in the House except when there is an equality of votes.
Two and when he gives his casting vote in such a case of equality it is always in accordance with well - established parliamentary principles and practices .
Upon his election as Speaker he अलग himself from all the activities of his party .
He does not hold any party office but does not participate in any party meetings or activities and is far away from political controversies and party campaigns .
He performs these functions in accordance with the provisions of the Constitution and the Rules of Procedure and Conduct of Business in the Lok Sabha .
His decision in all parliamentary matters is final .
The Speaker has residuary powers to give directions in respect of matters not specifically provided in the Rules .
While doing so he may ask a member or the government to provide such facts evidence and information as may be necessary to arrive at a decision .
The Speaker has many powers to govern the business of the House in a peaceful and orderly manner .
He can order any member to discontinue his speech or to withdraw words or expressions which he feels are या or अभद्र .
He may order that anything said by a member without his permission shall not be included in the proceedings and that anything found / found is excluded from the course of action .
The words or extracts of the speeches ordered to be left out of record as they are of the nature of words or speeches as they are made cannot be published by the Press as the rights of other persons .
The Speaker may ask any member for a day or for any part of the day to retire from the House or to suspend an appropriate motion when there is a breach of disorder .
It is the duty of the Speaker to exercise discipline among all the members and to give them due respect and acceptance of their decisions and decision .
Whenever he speaks in the middle or rises to propose or raise questions for the purpose of raising a question he makes some remarks or gives his rulings he must be heard in silence .
The Speaker also determines whether there is a prima facie case for a matter relating to a breach of privilege or contempt of the House , or the conduct of a member being conducted to a Committee for investigation.
If he does not give his consent the matter is not dealt further .
The statements contained in the House to protect the dignity of persons and to prevent any member from making such a statement if he has not given the evidence or the evidence before him .
The Speaker has to be sensitive to the atmosphere in the House .
He communicates the decisions of the House to the authorities concerned and requires them to comply with the terms of such decisions .
All the Parliamentary Committees of the Lok Sabha are constituted by him or by the House .
They function under his control and direction.
The Business Advisory Committee . - LRB - generally Purposes Committee and the Rules Committee work directly under his Chairmanship .
It determines what matters are financial matters which fall within the exclusive jurisdiction of the Lok Sabha .
If he certifies a Bill to be a धनी Bill his decision is final .
13 Whenever a joint sitting of the two Houses is called upon in case of disagreement between the Houses on a Bill the Speaker presides over such a joint - sitting and all the Rules of Procedure in such a sitting operate under its directions and orders .
It is a breach of privilege to reflect upon his impartiality competence impartiality character or behaviour .
This is necessary to protect and preserve the dignity of the House if a member of the Lok Sabha is arrested on a offence . or is punishable with imprisonment or with immediate reference to an executive authority .
Such intimation is also essential in the event of the release of a member .
No person can be arrested nor can a legal process served against him in the premises of the House without obtaining the permission of the Speaker .
The Speaker is the Vice - President of the Indian Parliamentary Group which in India functions as the National Group of the Inter - Parliamentary Union and as the Chief Branch of the Commonwealth Parliamentary Union .
He often leads these delegations .
The Speaker is also the Chairman of the Conference of Presiding Officers of Legislative Bodies in India .
The Lok Sabha Secretariat functions under the direction and control of the Speaker .
A question which is asked to the non - official members may also be asked if the subject matter of that question relates to any Bill Resolution or any other matter in the business of the House for which he is responsible.
14 Such questions are rarely asked in the Lok Sabha and it may not be asked when the session is over.
A short notice question cannot be asked by a private member .
Half - an - hour Discussion on matters arising out of questions already answered in the House can be held in the Lok Sabha during the last half - an - hour of the sitting on three days in a week लोक Wednesday and Friday.
Such a discussion in the Rajya Sabha can generally be held from 5 p . m. to राज्य on any day allotted for the purpose .
The subject matter of such a discussion should be of sufficient public importance which has been the subject of a recent starred लोक or लोक question and the answer to which needs elucidation on a matter of fact .
In his notice the member is required to specify the point or issues he wants to lift .
Only one notice of the Half - an - hour Discussion is put down for a sitting.
Also only one discussion in the name of any one member is put in the लोक Lok Sabha and no member can raise more than two discussions at the same session .
In the 8th Lok Sabha the time taken by the minus " proceedings was 32 minutes .
The situation however changed sharply during the short - lived Ninth Lok Sabha when Speaker Rabi Ray tried to regularise and विरुद्ध the illegitimate विरुद्ध सभा .
The result was that it often continued for more than one hour .
In fact sometimes it extended to two hours or more to the great discomfiture and uneasiness of the ministers and members waiting for the regular business of the House to start .
Nobody can say what matter should arise during this period or what kind of attack should be launched against the government .
This name 1960 was given in the newspapers sometime in the early sixties when a practice of raising matters of urgent public importance with no prior notice was developed .
As soon as the Question Hour is over several members are on their feet to raise matters which they feel cannot be delayed.
It seems that this practice has been followed by the idea that rules which tend to interfere with matters of national importance or with the immediate सदन of the people are not open to the members and which are not concerned with the fundamental rights .
For instance some of the subjects under discussion have been introduced and discussed .
Death of eight persons due to the consumption of illicit liquor in Delhi and the illness of several state persons .
The Qutub Minar tragedy in which 45 people were killed .
If objection to leave being granted is raised the Speaker will ask the members in favour of leave being granted to rise in their seats and accordingly if there are at least fifty members coming together he will declare that permission is given.
The discussion on an admitted adjournment motion normally starts at चर्चा . m . and lasts for two and a half hours म i . e . म to or after C .
The discussion begins with the motion moved by the mover till the House is now present .
After the mover and the other members have spoken on the motion the minister says and the mover at the end has a right of reply to the discussion .
The Parliament may by the process of Calling Attention Notices may advance the government in a particular case of general importance and create such a situation by which the government or the House derives its decision or support from the House .
It is a brief and immediate way to raise an important issue on which to discuss and arrive at the conclusion that the members of the Information Group shall receive the same judgment without any formal or specific resolution thereof without any formal division .
The atmosphere is surcharged with feeling on all sides of the House and each member is free to interpret the short discussion in his own light and to come to the conclusion .
Before the year 1953 there was no provision for such discussions .
Adjournment motion being in the nature of a censure motion could not be used again .
A convention therefore was established in 1953 whereby members could raise discussion on such matters .
For raising such discussion a member has to give a notice to the Secretary - General specifying the matter precisely and explaining the reasons thereof .
Such notice should also be signed by at least two other members of Parliament .
The member moving the motion frames the motion as he wants it to be adopted by the House .
Generally private government motions relate to obtaining approval of the House for some policy or action .
Motions moved by private members on the other hand generally tend to elicit the opinion or the feeling of the government on a matter .
Though the motions relate to the various proceedings of the House are to be kept in three principal categories : ( सब्सटेंटिव ) the proposal being substitute ( सब्सटेंटिव ) and the subsidiary ( सदन ) proposal .
13 . A substantive motion is a substantive motion an independent motion moved for the approval of the House and drafted in such a manner as to express the decision of the House .
14 It does not depend on any other proposal or arising out of another proposal .
Thank the President ' s Address the motion for adjournment motion on any matter of urgent public importance is the motion for the विशेषाधिकार of the Speaker Lok Sabha or for the election of the Deputy Speaker Lok Sabha or the Deputy Chairman of the Rajya Sabha .
Besides the Constitution also provides for the impeachment of the President which can be initiated only by a substantive motion drawn in appropriate words .
Amendment may be made not only to motions resolutions or to clauses of a Bill but also to an amendment to the clause of a Bill resolution or motion .
The amendment is presented during the debate and if accepted the original question is put as amended.
It may be noted that the substitute motion also seeks to bring before the House a different proposition as an alternative to the original question but is different from the amendment to which it modifies the whole motion .
Notice of the motion like any other notice is given to the Secretary - General .
No period is prescribed for the notice of 20 proposals .
21 . Further the subject matter of the motion shall be contained in the matter of questions as in the case of questions : , defamatory statements or की and should not raise a question of privilege or any such matter .
22 . A motion which has been admitted by the Speaker and for which no day is allotted for discussion is called a fixed day motion .
They are placed before the Business Advisory Committee which selects the proposals for discussion in the House and sets out the time for the purpose : 23 proposal is moved : The Speaker sets the motion for the motion and the member for the motion .
But there is a difference .
All resolutions come in the category of substantive motions . i . e . each resolution is a particular kind of motion .
Besides all motions are not necessarily put to vote of the House whereas all the resolutions are required to be voted .
Types of Resolutions Resolutions may be classified : Private Members' Resolutions.
( b ) Resolutions moved by private members are called the Private Members' Resolutions. (
They give the government an opportunity to gauge the feelings of the House with regard to proposals which are still indefinite or may be ahead of public opinion .
A member who wants to move a resolution has to give notice to the Secretary - General informing him of intention .
There is no hard and fast rule as to the question of resignation by a government .
यदि merely is that if the government agrees to a matter which is considered important or presented by the Opposition and is rejected by the House on a particular motion of No - confidence agreed to by the House it is expected to subvert the House .
No - confidence Motion The Council of Ministers remains in office till the confidence of the Lok Sabha is secured .
In order to ascertain this confidence a motion in the said rules exist which is called a no - confidence motion .
There is no express provision in the Constitution regarding the individual responsibility of a minister to Parliament for anything done or not done in his department.
This responsibility is सामूहित .
Therefore merely a motion expressing want of confidence in the Council of Ministers as a whole is admitted and the motion expressing lack of confidence in a minister is not in law .
37 A no - confidence motion contrary to a censure motion is not necessary to give the reason .
There are no conditions of admissibility in the rules which the Speaker has the right to decide whether a motion is in order or not if the Speaker is of opinion the motion so as to say the matter is sufficient for the Speaker to leave the House .
Otherwise it is believed that the member did not obtain the leave of the House .
A motion of no - confidence once admitted has to be taken up within ten days of the leave being granted .
The Speaker after ascertaining the views of the government decides the date for a discussion .
If the government so desires the discussion could even be started .
The time for the discussion is usually fixed on the recommendation of the Business Advisory Committee .
After the members have spoken usually the Prime Minister replies to the charges levelled against the government .
The mover has a right of reply .
When the debate is concluded the Speaker puts the question forthwith and द्वारा the decision of the House by a voice vote or a division if asked for it is known .
The scheme included in the statement recognised the inevitability of the partition of the country .
According to the statement the constitution framed by the existing Constituent Assembly could not be forced on unwilling areas .
The real result and effect of the whole plan was to divide India into India and Pakistan .
According to the Indian Independence Act two Pakistan स्वतंत्रता were constituted on August 14 - 15 .
The Constituent Assembly ( the constitution of a sovereign democratic nation ) is generally exercised by its representative body .
( a ) Budget is presented in two parts of our Parliament - the budget is presented in respect of railway finance i . e . the railway budget and the general budget .
The primary idea behind presenting a separate budget for the railways is to secure stability for civil estimates by providing for an assured contribution by the railways and also to introduce flexibility in the administration of railway finance .
The Railway Budget is presented to the Lok Sabha by the Minister of Railways every year in the third week of February and the General Budget is presented by the Finance Minister on the last working day of February at फरवरी .
The Budget is presented with a Budget Speech which is in fact one of the most important speeches in Parliament .
This speech is made in two parts : " A " general economic survey of the country " and Part B contains the taxation proposals for the ensuing financial year .
A copy of the Budget is laid on the Table of the Rajya Sabha after the speech of the Finance Minister in the Lok Sabha .
Immediately thereafter the minister introduces a Bill which consists of the taxation proposals of the government .
( a ) Discussion on the budget is essentially a body for consultation .
The passage of the Budget is marked by deep and thorough discussions in both the Houses of Parliament .
Discussion on the Budget starts after a few days of its presentation .
This gives members the time required for fully studying the text of the Budget and to discuss financial proposals among themselves .
Budget is discussed in two stages : i General discussion " and then in detail the demands for grants and voting .
Besides opportunity for discussion on various financial proposals arises during consideration and passing of Appropriation Bill and the Finance Bill .
( iii ) General discussion on the Budget starts with a general debate which runs in both the Houses of Parliament for three or four days .
First at this stage members deal with the general aspects of fiscal and economic policies of the government and do not go into details of taxation and expenditure .
The general debate thus offers an occasion for each House to express its views .
The government may also get an idea as to how a particular proposal will take place in the subsequent stages .
It may be noted that in accordance with the power conferred by the Rajya Sabha it is not concerned with the Budget beyond general discussion .
( 2 ) Discussion on Demands for Grants and in accordance with the procedure the discussion and the voting of demands for grants in another .
Generally separate demands are made for the grants proposed for each ministry .
The demands are related to the expenditure part of the Budget and are in the nature of request made by the Executive to the Lok Sabha for grant of authority to spend the amount asked .
Demands are required to be made in the form of a motion but in practice they are assumed to have been moved ; and are proposed by the Chair to save the time of the House .
During the discussion on demands which is lively the policy and the working of the ministry comes in for close scrutiny.
Time is allotted for each ministry to discuss demands .
Members can disapprove of the policies of the Ministry or suggest measures for economy in the administration or to focus attention of the ministry for specific local grievances .
The members can do so by moving a subsidiary motion to the main motion for demands for grants .
These subsidiary motions are called in parliamentary parlance Cut motion .
The Business Advisory Committee fixes a time limit for voting a particular demand and for all the demands for grants including the Budget .
As soon as the time limit for any demand is over the discussion process of के is applied and the demand is put to vote .
Likewise on the last day allotted for all the demands not disposed of so far as they are put to vote - whether they have been discussed or not .
This process is known as गिलोटिन .
Also the discussion on demands for grants ceases .
Perusal of the Standing Committees concerned with the द्वारा revealed that every year before the गिलोटिन came to be known as ' a ' handful ' was at one time only a संसदीय of two or three ' ministries ' demands for grants to the House and the government '
Seventeen Standing Committees of the Departments belonging to the Departments have been entrusted with the task of considering the Demands for Grants of related ministries and departments and reporting to the House before voting on demand .
After the 1994 - 95 demands were presented to the Parliament both the Houses were adjourned for a period of one month to enable the respective Standing Committees to examine them and discuss them .
During the 1994 Budget Session these committees presented 48 reports on demands for grants for 1994 - 95 .
( c ) The Appropriation Bill ( Under the Constitution ) No money from the Consolidated Fund of India can be withdrawn without laws by Parliament .
This Bill means to give statutory rights to the government for व्यय expenditure from the Consolidated Fund as its name is obvious .
The procedure for considering and passing of an Appropriation Bill is the same as in the case of any other Bill ; except that the debate is confined to such cases where the demands cannot be raised and raised during the debate .
After the Bill has been passed by the Lok Sabha the Speaker certifies it as a Money Bill and is passed to the Rajya Sabha .
The Rajya Sabha has no power to amend or reject the Bill and has to give its consent to the Bill .
The Bill thereafter is presented to the President for his assent .
( d ) Financial proposals of the government for the coming year are included in a Bill called the Finance Bill which is ordinarily introduced in the Lok Sabha after the budget is presented every year .
Discussion on a Bill covers matters relating to general administration and local grievances within the sphere of the Union Government .
While general criticism of the policy of the government is permitted discussion on the details of particular estimates cannot be discussed .
In short the whole administration comes under review but questions which have already been discussed cannot be discussed again .
This Bill has to be considered and passed by the Parliament within 75 days after it has been introduced and assented to by the President .
Vote on Account In a democratic set - up the government endeavours to give full opportunity to Parliament to discuss the budgetary provisions and the tax proposals .
The passage of the Budget carries on from its presentation to discussion and voting of demands for grants and adopting Appropriation and Finance Bills generally after the start of the current financial year .
So long as the demands are not met by Parliament it is necessary that the government should have enough money to carry out the administration of the country .
So there is a special provision for vote on account which empowers the Lok Sabha to make a grant in advance for a part of the financial year until the completion of the budgetary procedure .
During an election year the vote on account may be taken for a longer period say three or four months if it is anticipated that the main demands and the Appropriation Bill will take longer than two months to be passed by the House .
As a convention vote on account is considered a formal matter and passed by the Lok Sabha without any discussion .
Vote on account is passed when a general discussion on the Budget is over and a discussion on demands for grants is taken up .
In the case of the Railway Budget which is passed before 31 March no vote on account is taken but if necessary it may be held in the election year .
Supplementary and Excess Demands for Grants No expenditure can be incurred by the Parliament without its sanction .
If the amount awarded for a particular service is found insufficient for the purpose of that year or on any new service which is not envisaged in the budget of that year the President shall give rise to the additional demand i . e .
If
All cases of such excesses are brought to the notice of the Parliament by the Comptroller and Auditor General on the Appropriation Account .
The excesses are then examined by the Public Accounts Committee which makes recommendations on the regularisation of its report to the House .
Supplementary Demands for Grants are made to the House before the end of the financial year and the demands are made ; while the demands for excess grants are actually met after the expenditure has been actually spent and the same is presented after the financial year has been over .
Legislative Procedure Regarding Ordinary Bills ( a draft of Bills ) As soon as any legislative proposal is put forth the ministry concerned begins to notice what its political commitments may be financial and other implications.
If other ministries or the state governments are also concerned they are consulted .
Professionals and various interest groups such as business labour agriculture and industry if considered necessary are also consulted.
The Bill is then examined in detail by the administrative Ministry in consultation with all the concerned authorities and is given a final shape .
After all this the Bill is ready to be brought before the House .
It can be introduced in either of the two Houses by the minister concerned .
In order to permit the introduction of the Bill the minister is required to furnish seven days notice and two copies of the Bill duly corrected are sent to the Secretary - General of the House in which the Bill is to be introduced .
After the Bill is found complete in all respects by the Secretariat it is included in the List of Business on a date selected by the Speaker or the Chairman as the case may be decided for this purpose .
Normally copies of the Bill should be made available to the members at least two days before the date on which it is proposed to be introduced .
( Two ) Three Reading - A Bill has to pass through various stages in the Parliament before it becomes an Act .
Each Bill undergoes three readings in each House ( सदन ) i . e . First Reading Second Reading and Third Reading .
( a ) First Reading it is necessary to ask the House to introduce a Bill .
After the Question Hour on the appointed day the minister incharge of the Bill on being called upon by the Speaker rises in his seat and says ' Mr महोदय I beg to move for " . . . . . .
The minister stood up and says " Mr . . . . .
Generally speaking a विधेयक to introduce a Bill which is the first reading of a Bill which is a mere formality and is not discussed in this case according to custom .
But if the motion for introduction of a Bill is opposed on the ground that the proposed legislation is outside the legislative competence of the Parliament the Chair may permit a full discussion in which the Attorney General also participates .
After that the question is put to vote of the House .
Because there is no restriction on the number of Bills to be introduced in a day a minister may introduce as many Bills as he wants.
Even before introduction of a Bill can be published in the Gazette with permission of the Speaker / Chairman .
These are ad hoc Committees which are appointed to consider particular Bills referred to .
Bills may now be referred by either House or its Presiding Officer to the new departmentally related Joint Standing Committees of the two Houses .
The amendments to various clauses can be moved by members of the Committee .
The Committee can also take evidence of experts associations or public bodies who are interested in the legislation .
In Committees the procedure for consideration of a Bill is the same as in the House .
The Committee on various clauses - LRB - schedules - RRB - and accepted by it prepares a report for presentation to the newly formed Lok Sabha Secretariat in the House or Houses .
Roy : If a motion to inform the reader of the opinions of a Bill is proposed to be moved the Secretariat of the House by sending a letter to all the State Governments and the Union Territories to the bodies concerned as to the Bill .
The period of eliciting opinion is generally referred to in the motion for moving the Bill but where there is no date specified for the purpose the State Governments are asked to within three months from the date of acceptance of the proposal .
On receipt of the opinion they are placed on the Table of the House after which a motion for reference of the Bill to a Select / Joint Committee is moved .
It is generally not permissible to move a motion for consideration of the Bill at this stage .
But since the latter is a constitutional head the Deputy President who is required to act on the advice of the Council of Ministers ordinarily he / she cannot go against the advice of his ministers and ask for further advice .
This is presumably what President राष्ट्रपति Singh did in case of the Postal Bill and President Venkataraman in case of a Bill inter alia seeking to give pension to members of Parliament after just one year ' s service .
If the President gives his assent the Bill becomes an Act from the date of his leave .
Instead of refusing or giving his assent he may return the Bill with a message for reconsideration by the two Houses .
But if the Houses pass the Bill a second time with or without amendments and the Bill is presented again to the President for his assent he shall have no power to withhold his assent to the Bill .
But a Bill is not considered a Money Bill merely because it provides for the licence or the fee for the service rendered or provides for the payment of the fee for rendering of a local authority or body for purposes etc.
It may be remembered that in case a question arises as to whether a Bill is a Money Bill the Speaker ' s decision will be final .
Special Procedure Regarding Money Bills A Money Bill cannot be introduced in the Rajya Sabha .
It can be introduced only in the Lok Sabha on the recommendation of the President .
After the Money Bill has been passed by the Lok Sabha he / she is sent to the Rajya Sabha for its recommendations along with a certificate from the Speaker that it is a Money Bill .
The Parliament may approve or निरनुमोदन such a resolution or it may not take any action on it .
The Constitution does not provide for any time limit within which the states must signify their ratification of a Constitution ( Amendment ) Bill referred for this purpose .
The Bills of Non - Government Members provide for the opportunity to the people to reflect their views on various matters of public importance and to persuade the Government to formulate programme and policies .
Discussion on Bills initiated by private members affords an opportunity to the House to come to grips with a problem and to discuss it in all its aspects .
The government is aware of all shades of opinion in the House whether a Bill is finally passed or not .
The purpose of focusing the attention of the government and the public on the particular proposals contained in the Bill is proved .
The government takes a policy decision on the subject of the Bill and presents its views before the House .
It is obvious that the framers of the Constitution took Parliamentary Committees for granted and left it to the Houses to make provisions for them in their Rules of Procedure .
Under the Rules of the Lok Sabha not every Committee consisting of members of Parliament is a Parliamentary Committee suo सभा .
In fact Consultative Committees do not report to anybody but merely provide a forum for informal exchange of views between the ministers and members of Parliament interested in their departments.
They are not parliamentary committees .
There are two types of parliamentary committees in India ( i . e . one ) permanent committees and two ad hoc .
The standing committees are those which are appointed by the House every year or time as the case may be by the Speaker or the Speaker / Chairman and the members of the non - official members are appointed by the Speaker or the members of the House .
Standing Committees in each House ( and certain Joint Committees ) may be categorised in terms of their functions .
Their recommendations are intended to tone up the administration for economic efficient and speedy execution of these policies and programmes .
Reports of these Committees have earned them considerable respect from all sections of the society both official and non - official .
Each recommendation is carefully analysed and processed and the administration always endeavours to remove the faults and lapses pointed out by the Committees and to act in accordance with the recommendations made by the Committees .
The Financial Committees have developed adequate procedures to ensure that the Government gives due consideration to their recommendations and the recommendations which are not accepted be conveyed to the Committees for reasons of non - acceptance .
The progress in the implementation of the recommendations as well as any unresolved differences between the Committees and the government are brought to the notice of the House by way of Action Taken Report " .
The elaborate and effective procedure for follow - up of the recommendations made by these Committees is essentially an Indian innovation to the parliamentary procedures prevalent elsewhere .
All the three Financial Committees are elected by the House for one another .
Ministers can neither become members of these Committees nor can they be asked to appear before them for the purpose of giving evidence .
Their Chairmen are nominated by the Speaker .
Committee on संसदीय In a parliamentary democracy like we have it : There is an inherent right of the people to present petitions to the Parliament with a view to व्य grievances and seeking redressal thereof and offering constructive suggestions on matters of public importance .
This right is exercised through the mechanism of a Committee on Petitions .
Each House has a Committee on Petitions .
In the Lok Sabha the Committee consists of 15 members while in the Rajya Sabha it has 10 members .
The function of the Committee on Petitions is to examine every petition which after presentation to the House stands referred to the Committee .
After taking such evidence the Committee reports to the House on specific complaints made in the petitions which he thinks fit .
The Committee suggests remedial measures either on the specific case under review or in a general way to prevent such cases in future .
The Committee also considers representations including letters and telegrams received from various individuals and associations which are not covered by the rules relating to petitions and gives directions for their proper settlement .
This Committee has already made its mark in affording parliamentary support to the common man in the matter of redressal of his just grievances .
It has proved to be a real boon to those wronged and oppressed citizens for whom no remedy or relief is available elsewhere .
In the Lok Sabha the Committee consists of 15 members while in the Rajya Sabha it has 10 members .
In order to ensure that there is an effective and continuous check on the possibility of misuse of such power by the administration each House of Parliament has its own Committee on Subordinate Legislation .
The Committee of each House consists of 15 members nominated by the Speaker / Chairman .
The , Committee is generally reconstituted every year .
The Committee examines all Bills which seek to prove whether suitable provisions have been made to lay their rules or orders on the Table of the House .
If the Committee concludes that the provision made in the Bill passed by the legislative powers should be either totally or या or amended it may report to the House before the Bill can be considered .
The Committee consists of 30 members ( 20 from Lok Sabha and 10 from Rajya Sabha elected by the respective Houses of Parliament from amongst their members .
The functions of the Committee are to consider the Report of the Commissioner for Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes and report to the Parliament the measures taken or required to be undertaken by the government .
The Committee also ensures that constitutional safeguards are given effect to these backward communities .
( vi ) Service Committees There are also a few Committees of the Parliament which look into various kinds of facilities and services to the members and other matters connected with the functioning of the members of the Houses of Parliament .
These are the General Purposes Committee the Library Committee the Joint Library Committee and the Salaries and Allowances of Members of Parliament.
General Purposes Committee : Each House has a General Purposes Committee .
The Presiding Officer of the concerned House is the ex - officio Chairman of the Committee .
The Committee consists of the Deputy Speaker or Deputy Chairman as the case may be members of Panel of Chairmen Chairmen from all the Standing Committees of that House दलों of recognised parties / groups and other members nominated by the Presiding Officer .
The Committee is constituted to advise on such ad hoc matters as do not appropriately fall within the purview of any other Parliamentary Committee and which may be referred to it from time to time .
The Library Committee is a joint committee of the two Houses consisting of six members of the Lok Sabha ( including the Deputy Speaker ) nominated by the Speaker and three members of the Rajya Sabha nominated by its Chairman .
The main function of this committee is to help the members in the use of the library and its allied services . i . e . reference research and documentation services .
It advises the Speaker on matters pertaining to the selection of books framing of library rules and its future planning etc .
A Joint Committee on Salaries and Allowances of Members of Parliament was constituted to frame rules under the Salaries and Allowances of Members of Parliament Act 1954 .
It consists of 10 members from Lok Sabha and 5 from Rajya Sabha .
The functions of the Committee are to provide for the members of the two Houses for the purpose of consultation with the Government of India rules to regulate the payment of their daily and travelling allowances etc .
The conclusion came in view of the fact that the report of the संसदीय Parliamentary Committee regarding the Bofors scandal relates to some controversy and the report of the प्रतिभूति Parliamentary Committee on security .
Committee Reports instil fear and respect in the administration .
All Government activities are covered by 17 Departmental Committees .
More important these Committees have led to significant improvements in the existing resources of ensuring scrutiny of the government ' s activities .
However the Legislature as the representative body of the people is the symbol of their sovereignty .
It has to take account of the interests of the people and take all necessary steps to ensure that the administration works within the ambit of the Constitution .
The basic purpose of establishing separate and independent Secretariats for the two Houses has been to ensure an effective and unimpaired exercise of the concepts of executive responsibility and the administrative accountability to the Parliament.
In fact the Constitution of India itself has recognised this important necessity .
Article 74 and 75 provides that the Council of Ministers shall collectively be responsible to the Lok Sabha under the leadership of the Prime Minister and provided in the first part of article 98 that separate officers and employees have been given to each House share .
Clause 3 provides that until such laws are made by Parliament the President may after consultation with the respective Presiding Officers make rules regulating recruitment and service conditions .
No legislation has been passed by Parliament so far under clause 2 of Art. 98 of the Constitution .
But on 1 October 1955 in pursuance of clause 3 of Art. 98 Lok Sabha Secretariat ( Recruitment and Conditions of Service ) Rules 1955 were framed and promulgated by the Speaker in consultation with the Speaker .
Similar rules for the Rajya Sabha Secretariat were framed and promulgated by the President in 1957 in consultation with the Chairman .
They recruit in their own Secretariat by competitive exams .
( 2 ) Financial Committee Service giving secretarial assistance to all the three Financial Committees and the Railway Convention Committee ;
The Parliament of India may also claim to have one - house information service including one of the most efficient information services.
The underlying idea is to present the country ' s full and effective picture by means of audio - visual means before the members of foreign parliamentary delegations visiting dignitaries / students visiting tourists and others .
The role of Parliamentary Officers has been in recent years focused on the need of more competent and qualified professional officers and staff to work in the Secretariats of the Houses of our Parliament with the growing range of latest technological discoveries and Government work.
Every Legislature requires efficient and adequate staff .
In view of the responsibilities of the officers and staff of the Legislature it is necessary that they have a high degree of quality and experience and varied experience and economy with all these things economic worth .
The officers and staff of the two Houses serving members of Parliament as they do have to be persons of high calibre impeccable integrity integrity requisite qualification and training .
They have to use all their competence tact and experience in discharging their onerous responsibilities .
He has to make sure that factual information supplied to the Speaker is correct in every respect that all the relevant rulings and precedents pertaining to a matter are placed before the Chair to facilitate right decisions .
As far as advice to members is concerned parliamentary officials are not expected to offer it अकारण .
These Rules are based on the Rules of Procedure and Conduct of Business in both the Houses and have been gradually evolved from conventions and rulings given by the Presiding Officers from time to time .
The first rules of conduct of the members to the House - LRB - when the House is in session - RRB - are to be observed by the House - LRB - the time fixed for the commencement of the sitting - RRB - and the meals which they are over a few minutes after the time fixed .
Once the sitting of the House commences every member should enter and leave the Chamber with decorum and in such a manner as not to disturb the proceedings in the House .
While entering the Chamber Chamber the members should bow before the Speaker while leaving and taking their seats .
This respect is to the House as a whole and not to the Chairman on the Chair .
The Speaker represents the House to all outside bodies and authorities .
Regard for the authority of the Speaker as the symbol of the corporate personality of the House is the basic norm of parliamentary conduct .
While saying A leading principle is that at a time only one member should speak or ask questions and the Chair is given the power to call upon members to speak one by one .
When a member wants to speak he should rise in his place to attract the attention of the Chair .
A member having a pecuniary interest in the matter to be decided by the House whose interest a member is voluntary pecuniary or direct interest the member is expected while participating in the proceedings on the matter .
This is to ensure objectivity in deliberations and avoid any objection being taken to the vote of the member on the basis of personal pecuniary or direct .
Similarly in case a member of the Committee has any such interest in a matter which the Committee has to consider he should state his interest in that matter to the Speaker .
Customs and customs are other than the rules of parliamentary etiquette which the members have to follow in the House ; there are customs and practices which are equally important for maintaining a proper standard of parliamentary life and maintaining the dignity of the House and its members .
Members of Parliament are therefore expected to maintain a standard of conduct not only inside the House but outside the House .
The conduct of the members should not be contrary to custom or derogatory to the dignity of the House or against the standard of one ' s life which the Parliament hopes for its members .
" The conduct of a member has not been fully explained in the broad terms of the words and in every case it is in the jurisdiction of the House to determine whether any member of Parliament has been unfair or not conduct .
Thus even if a particular case or fact does not come within any recognised title of a breach of privilege or contempt of the House the conduct of a member may be considered unfair and derogatory to the dignity of the House .
The House has the right to punish them for the conduct of its members whether they are inside or outside the House to exercise it .
The House has the power to punish its members for disorderly conduct and other सदन whether committed within the House or outside the walls.
When a member violates any of the restrictions the Speaker may direct him to leave the House and / or may initiate the proceedings of suspension from the service of the House .
As far as the charge is concerned the Government of India Act 1935 of 1935 which represents most of the provisions of the Constitution do not give any thought to it .
There is nothing to be ashamed of borrowing.
There is no theft in it .
Nobody has any patent rights about the basic ideas of the Constitution .
The Constitution format was discussed with the गया idea during 15 November 1948 - 17 October 1949 .
Subsequently the सबा Drafting Committee consequential or necessary amendments made the final draft and placed it before the assembly .
The second reading of the constitution was completed on 16 November 1949 and the next day the assembly Dr .
The motion was adopted on 26 November 1949 and so on that day the people of India in the Constituent Assembly adopted the Constitution of the Sovereign Democratic Republic of India a constitution enacted and devoted to itself .
The Parliament Buildings comprise of the Parliament House संसद Parliament House Annexe Reception Office and the upcoming Parliament Library .
Together called the Parliament House Estate it includes large lawns pools fountains and streets .
The whole complex is enclosed by an ornamental red stone walls and by an iron door .
The Parliament House which houses the two Houses of Parliament the Lok Sabha and the Rajya Sabha - LRB - House of the People - RRB - was built during 1921 - 13 .
Parliament House is one of the most dilapidated buildings in New Delhi and " is one of the best specimens of architecture that exists in any country of the world . "
The building has 12 gates 5 with हुए .
Even though designed by foreign architects the building was built with indigenous material and by Indian labour and its architecture bears a close imprint of Indian tradition .
The aims that inspire the users of Esperanto are still as important and relevant as ever.
Neither the use of a few national languages all over the world nor in the transmission techniques nor by the new methods of language teaching or by the use of new forms of language such as we find the true and the साधक system .
A system of communication - which confers a special advantage to one else - be it for those years - and that too for achieving a lesser degree of competence is fundamentally औरों .
संप्रेषण is not as inferior to the , . and की but is far better than any other language of uniform communication .
We maintain that language inequality gives rise to communicative inequality at all levels and as well as internationally .
Every ethnic language is bound up in the heart of the earth and the tamarind of the country .
The student who learns Esperanto learns about a world without borders where every country is home .
A language that is not only a few people who learn a language.
Thus even at an early age he breathed all the barriers of belief and belief : he lived as a ईश्वर and sacred knowledge .
The association which he founded in the last year is called साहचर्य :
Thank God प्रभु How in my childhood you kept me away from कर्मकाण्ड . and कर्मकाण्ड gave me the opportunity to understand him - , and so on and from so on.
In the twenty - three years of his stay in Madras Ramalinga continued to wander through the city and the artists came out daily to walk composing and sing poems for the glory of Lord Tyagaraja .
Tired out he would spend the night there sleeping in the open .
They also went to . ( the temple of का ) जाते and जाते .
From early years he lived in करूंगुझी - करूंगुझी ) - करूंगुझी in Karunguzhi Vadalur and मेट्टुकुप्पम - मेट्टुकुप्पम still he named Chidambaram as his करूंगुझी रामलिंगम .
While going to Chidambaram he had also visited holy places like संत Shaiva saint संत ( संत ) who considered him as his spiritual master at the beginning .
He gave discourses in the temple and composed songs in praise of the deity there .
Then he करूंगुझी Koil करूंगुझी करूंगुझी there too composing songs and hymns and finally arrived at Karunguzhi near his own village करूंगुझी .
His elder brother Parasurama Pillai who was living there died a few days after Ramalinga ' s visit .
As Ramalinga was about to come to Chidambaram Venkata धर्मपत्नी who in the house prepared a room for him in his own house and went to Karunguzhi for nine years वेंकट - वेंकट and his wife . .
As in Madras Ramalinga spent the whole night in his house accompanied by the wandering cult of the temple accompanied by God .
Chidambaram है known as the है in Tamil is so ancient that तक शती to सनत who is supposed to be the seventh century A. D. refers to चिदम्बरम as ancient शती .
Rigid or अनम्य Constitutions may be called rigid or flexible on the ground of the amending procedure .
Federal Constitutions are usually classified as rigid .
Our Constitution may be said to be a combination of rigid and flexible because certain sections of the Constitution like Articles 2 3 4 and 169 can be amended like ordinary legislation by simple majority in both the Houses of Parliament .
Only in case of certain provisions in addition to a special majority of the two Houses of Parliament an amendment would require the ratification of not more than half the States Parties .
During the past 51 years more than 83 amendments have been made in our Constitution .
That is why the fact that our Constitution is non - violent .
The American Constitution is the first category and the British Constitution is an example of a second category .
In a unitary constitution all powers are vested in the Central Government agents and exercise authority through the Centre .
The federal polity was generally necessary to have a non - federal Constitution - a written constitution a constitution to be supreme and a special division of forces between federal government and the governments of units and they should use their own powers in their respective spheres .
Also there must be an independent Supreme Court if there is a dispute between the Union and the States .
The disciples who had taken up the following were . . . Mudaliar of Pondicherry . Mudaliar of थे and Ratna Mudaliar of शिष्यों .
It is to Ratna Mudaliar that we are most indebted for the book. .
Ratna Mudaliar से for six years and is known by the practice of letters between them .
In 1860 he wrote to Ramalinga ( however the letter is lost ) mentions in the reply given by Ramalinga in reply to him that he would eat only one meal a day .
Ramalinga wrote in his reply dated 30 December 1860 that he would collect his poems but he would request his friend परंतु to give up his vow .
Otherwise Ramalinga wrote he would take a similar vow.
हुए : Ratna Mudaliar succeeded in collecting the poems and publishing the book .
In the Appendix he has narrated the life and times of Ramalinga and also the stages of his publication in the book which he quoted in his long poem काव्य .
He lived beyond the earthly plane and was so earthly that ordinary humans may not follow him .
In describing Ramalinga one cannot better what Huston Smith has said of बुद्ध about the Buddha .
The texts pay rich tributes to the Buddha and the words fulfilled their purpose and their teacher made the essence of the secret to his master which he could not ऋसे .
We have devoted one full section to Ramalinga ' s compassion .
Huston Smith says with reference to Buddha : 'a फ्रांसीसी tenderness so strong as to have caused his message to be a religion of infinite compassion .
'It seems to the present writer that human compassion reached its acme in Ramalinga .
He regarded it as the essential and the only step towards self - purification and acceptance of divinity and at the same time the tranquil the साथ the right and the logical conditions that have never been heard or before .
The plain was at the मैदान of two principal मैदान - मद्रास one from मद्रास to मद्रास and the other from मद्रास .
On getting to know of it the people owning the land - LRB - amounting to eighty जमीन or one hundred and eight acres - RRB - made it in a deed dated 2 February 1867 bearing the signatures of forty जमीन .
On the same day in the temporary residence of the people the building of a permanent building the foundation stone the digging of a well - known well pond and the construction of a tank was started .
A thousand printed invitations were issued to the public .
It is said that one thousand and six hundred people were fed daily for the first three years .
Even today every hungry visitor is given a free meal .
At the opening of the Eating House on 23 May 1867 Chidambaram जीव read out extracts from Ramalinga ' s tract जीव जीव .
Ramalinga ' s most important religion was that he leads it to God .
God came to me and I read in it " I am one .
No life no longer remains a waste of जीवन a light within him a guide to the true knowledge.
The limits that can be compared with the following lines from the आनन्दातिरेक Upanishad .
रामलिंग will be seen in Ramalinga ' s poems and songs which were published six years after his death in 1880 as the sixth chapter of the शरीर Light .
This hymn composed in में metre consists of का lines a dimension not reached in that metre elsewhere .
The former is April 18 1872 .
There is a monarchy with a hereditary King while our country is a republic with an elected President .
In the American system the Supreme Court is the highest because it has the power to judicial review and interpret the Constitution .
The Constitution of India has adopted the middle path .
Since our Constitution is a written constitution and the powers and functions of every organ are defined and delimited by the Constitution there is no question of any organ - even Parliament - being .
Both the Parliament and the Supreme Court न्यायालय are supreme in their respective spheres .
You must avail this opportunity not to waste time .
Do remember him again : The song will be suitable for prayer .
It is said that for some time the Lord will be published in this flame ; it seems that Ramalinga expected the coming of God and his own end .
In a song written at the same time this sentiment is clear .
This went on for three months .
The similarity between them is only spectacular and it is only in the latter ' s point of view of the love - lorn person who in his last days is not the only one who has met the soul in his senses .
Ramalinga opposed all religious practices being धार्मिक धार्मिक .
अंतरिक्ष This can be said that the supreme light addressed by him is the शिव form of Siva as proved by his poetry as अंतरिक्ष - शिव in which he calls the supreme Light in the case of God ' s words अंतरिक्ष अंतरिक्ष अंतरिक्ष
According to the traditional Hindu religion Shiva was considered to be the ultimate Light or the ultimate Light.
The teachings of के are the same as those of के .
उपनिषद् उपनिषद् says :
The Supreme Light implies a transcendental , pure अनुभवातीत .
It is pure that का is the light of all light .
( Policy centuries ) Ramalinga described the intellect as a light in the light in the light of the inner light the light of the individual ' s Self the light of the Supreme Light and the inner light of that Supreme Being .
Sri Ramakrishna the poem of 21 Ramalinga said भ्रमर is born all around the flower and is a unique flower until it has tasted the honey.
When they want to speak a lot कविता first or later . it does not necessarily result in poetry being की or quality poetry .
But the poet in के - distinction to the mystic is lured by the demon of utterance .
On the other hand the great poet speaks in his own self - expression of his visions the aesthetic beauty of his own.
The sayings of prophets do strike a note of poetry to a varying extent .
We can clearly discern the poem of Buddha and Jesus .
Ramalinga is a unique exception .
He is not only with Prakash son Buddha and रामकृष्ण but he is also in the style of Shelley Keats बुद्ध and the ब्लेक of which he has composed music but with the poets who have made the language rich and rich .
There was hardly an institution or cause for which he did not give away liberally .
They went to Calcutta
Moreover he was actively associated with the establishment of the first medical college and hospital in Calcutta in 1835 of which many hospitals are now affiliated and which is the premier centre of medical education in the country .
He provided छात्रवृत्तियां scholarships to encourage students so that they could study medicine and to break the so - called शरीर of the dead bodies of the Hindus .
He was the first Indian member and patron of the Asiatic Society of Bengal founded in 1784 by Sir William Jones .
Many of the leading scientific institutions of today like the Archaeological Survey of India the Zoological Survey of India the Botanical and Geological Surveys of India as well as the Indian Museum in Calcutta the oldest and biggest in India owe their origin to it .
On the eve of his departure to England द्वारकानाथ जर्नल the then English journal published from Calcutta on the occasion of his visit to England had said: ' Who will be from the name of one of the many charitable bodies in Calcutta to say about Dwarkanath ' s public largesse ?
He not only bestowed his wealth generosity and kindness but also fought bravely in the midst of his strong opposition .
He was a faithful friend and staunch supporter of Raja Rammohun Roy who was a remarkable religious and social reformer and a visionary whom Indian historians have described as the father of modern India .
" Our food had nothing to do with delicious dishes .
The list of our clothes was तिरस्कार by the modern boy .
We could not wear socks or shoes till we had passed our tenth class .
In the cold weather a second cotton tunic कुरता .
We never felt that we were poverty - stricken either .
Yes we complained only on the कुरते when the बच्चा tailor forgot to put into our tunic because so far no child was born poor to his size.
He was young and young under the care of domestic servants whom he called घरेलू .
So the boy remained rooted to the spot and dared not step out of the circle.
Through the window - नहाने he looked down at the balcony like नहाने and each of them lived gazing at the circular courtyard of the large banyan tree .
Years later the poet recalled the childhood companion :
The child was dedicated not to the rigours of की ” because he was not unduly docile but because of his boundless curiosity about his surroundings and his keen interest in finer things too .
Looking back from childhood again the thing that recurs most often is the mystery which used to fill both life and world . . . .
It was as if nature were saying her hands हाथ हाथ Do I get introduced inside and I felt nothing impossible.
The sensuous experience of a circumscribed childhood made a very deep impression on him and in later years his ideal of education had also been cast in this mould .
The child ' s curiosity and longing for the big and mysterious world of men and nature beyond the confines of a home and a school became for him प्रतीकात्मक of the souls .
In his play ' Post Office ' in English ' the ' Post Office ' which was written in 1911 he dramatised this longing in the character of a boy named ' .
Amal is a delicate and sensitive character although he is confined to his bed in a dark room because his over - अभिभावक guardian and the ignorant family physician fear that if he is infected with the outside his heart .
Two memories of this school had survived : one of which was the foul language of a teacher and a compulsory अंग्रेजी song in English before the lessons began .
Bengali children neither understood the words of the song nor knew the tune .
The first thing to do is to pour words into a fourteen syllable mould and they would सघन into verse.
Thus the child लेखनी his first verse in the popular Bengali metre बंग्ला .
The lotus of poetry blossomed in no time in this fourteen - word verse and even the bees found a foothold on it . "
The child was however disappointed.
Was poetry something other than that amusing exercise ?
Nevertheless the experience was सम्मोहक .
He got hold of a blue copy book in which he started writing poems .
The Maharshi was enchanted and sat down for the evening under a pair of वृक्ष trees .
When he rose from his meditation he had already made up his mind that the place would be his. He lost no time in negotiating for the purchase.
In the same place पिता father and son spent the first few days of their journey .
This was Rabi ' s first experience of freedom in which he could trace the बीच of the open nature anywhere .
But the father did not leave the son entirely to his own resources .
He read it with him select pieces of Sanskrit बंग्ला Bengali and English literatures and in the evening made him sit by his side and sing his favourite hymns.
At night when the Indian sky revealed the splendour of the stars he gave him lessons in astronomy.
The watch was wound with such zeal that it had to be sent to the कलकत्ता in Calcutta for repair.
Whenever he was inclined to compliment himself on his own performance he reminded him of a Sanskrit saying that , aspirant after poetic fame उपहास in उपहास "
So while he checked her conceit from growing she प्रेरित encouraged the best in him for at that time his most ardent ambition was to win her admiration .
She herself was a genuine lover of literature and music and had a keen and sensitive mind .
He too along with Rabi fell into the praise of his elder brother रवि ' s first published poem रवि - प्रयाण and was a brilliant work of art and was one of his छंद words .
That was the time when the novels of Bankim Chatterji were being serialised in the literary journal बंगालियों taking the Bengali heart by storm.
When बंगाली came in front of him he woke up at noon every other sister in the neighbourhood .
It was my good fortune that I did not have to snatch for it for I had the gift of being an acceptable reader .
My sister - in - law would rather listen to my reading aloud than read .
There was no electric fans then but as I read I shared the benefits of her hand fan.
The poet understood the spirit of the poet while the sentiment is shared by the Hindus .
This fascination grew until at the age of sixteen he was seized with the desire to pour his own vague उपदानों in the same mould which would express the fervour of his feelings while screening their object.
One day in the rainy season when the dark clouds were gathering in the sky he lay in his room and took a slate in hand wrote कुसुम कुसुम first of these songs in the archaic language of the medieval poets . "
Many readers were surprised at this preparation and Tagore in his article on बंगाली said that Dr . बंगाली was at that time a Bengali scholar called बंगाली Chatterjee in Germany " inspired him to read the German magazine in which he published .
Apart from the fact that this innocent literary fraud associated with these early lyrics was one of the only compositions in this period which the author permitted to be included in his साहित्यिक for the years he wrote .
A literary आजीविका by itself was no profession in those days and it was a matter of legitimate concern to the family that the impetuous talents of this precocious boy could find some useful and respectable occupation .
His elder brother Satyendranath was advised to go to England with him ( he himself ) to go on leave after a few days : his wife and children seemed to have been there before him .
He was therefore taken to London and housed in a residential house in the vicinity of the लंदन Park .
More than the cold it was this dismal सर्दी which chilled him to his bones.
The sky was overcast and it was a look like a dead man .
There he did not know any one who had been taught to learn Latin ; he was a good man but a very झक्की .
He was obsessed with a theory that in each age one dominant idea is manifested in every human society all over the world irrespective of there being any outward channel of communication between these different societies .
The pretence of learning Latin lasted for some time until Rabindra changed his residence .
He refused to accept the arrears saying I have done nothing but waste your time .
It was with some difficulty that he was persuaded to accept the fees .
During his stay in London he visited the Houses of Parliament and heard Gladstone and John Bright speak on the Irish Home Rule .
After his return from अंग्रेज Rabindra Nath Tagore ' s London home on the following day : बीते : he was lucky to have a home in an English friendly family .
When he first reached home he was a white - haired doctor his wife and elder daughter .
The two young daughters alarmed at the prospect of their home being invaded by “a घर had come from a relative.
They returned only when they were assured that the stranger was harmless.
In course of time he became everyone ' s favourite including the dog वह .
Mrs Scot थीं him like a son and looked after him with more affection and solicitude than he had known from his own mother .
Her devotion to her husband and family impressed him greatly.
The daughters too grew very fond of him - especially the third one who was his age and could sing and play on the बजाकर .
He taught him many English and Irish songs .
What he brought with him was the unfinished manuscript of a long lyrical drama he had begun to write in London with his title The Broken Heart .
His reticence will continue to चक्कर his writers .
There is an inevitable poet - youth and dream hero .
He does not know what he wants.
There are many other characters in the play and they all work together to break the hearts of each other .
But neither the tragedy nor the philosophy is real for the author was too young to be experienced in what he really wanted to express .
And yet the need to exercise his poetic gift was real and the poem has some lovely lyrical passages which show that the young author was steadily gaining mastery of the technique .
Though this poem was not included in his Collected Works.
For such abandon and romantic abandon were something new in Bengali poetry .
The Maharaja of Tripura sent his Chief Minister to Calcutta to welcome him to the satisfaction of the Maharaja .
What surprised the author in his mature years was not that he wrote this long drawn लबालब effusion at the age of eighteen and thought it good to others .
The curious part of it is not that I was only eighteen but all around me seemed to be eighteen . "
But however painful the pang at parting was the broken heart ' returning back home he was more carefree and happy .
" Spencer ' s idea that through a development of these emotional के of voice man founds music appealed to me .
Why should I have often wondered at the था plane and not किया ?
He tried it out in Valmiki Pratibha and was much encouraged by the stage success .
He himself took the part of Valmiki and his young niece Pratibha that of the little girl whom the robber chief had वाल्मीकि .
He himself played the role of a blind man .
Thus obsessed with the desolate and sick fancies she sought freedom and free herself from self - expression .
The young poet was in love with sorrow and revelled in the bitter - sweet despair.
At the same time the अवचेतन indicative of the subconscious that it was the sunset of the first phase of his creative development when I was busy blowing up the flame with the bellows of my emotions .
In the month of बाल the first poem of the जमीन collection तरफ कविता ' as in जमीन is addressed to the evening of the night and is painted in a single and mysterious रहस्यमयी figure whose face is not visible from the earth .
" What is it you are softly humming to you .
The poet feels a strange kinship with him and speaks in his poem in detail.
In another poem he showed his sympathy for the broken star who had baffled and आत्महत्या suicide .
In another poem he उलाहना his sister - in - law for having left him alone .
" What is left to say ?
The songs are gone back and what song is left to be sung ?
They are gone singing : विदा has left the hearts behind .
They have gone and with them have gone away the flower and the birds and the light that हुआ the day .
I am thrown out like a torn फटे . "
The Spirit of Evening which he invoked in the first poem vague and mysterious has now assumed a concrete and familiar image.
Long ago when I was a child you wrapped me round with your affection as the evening envelopes the earth with its silence .
Had the evening taught you its magic कर ?
You showed me my hidden wealth and without singing yourself you taught me all the songs I know .
The melancholy expressed in this sheaf of poems is naive and adolescent but by no means insincere or affected.
Though the poet had been कविताओं in some of these poems in later years and might have liked to exclude them from his published works he merely खंडन the fact that they had any misunderstanding .
He has commented in his जीवन " Life " with a sense of खिल्ली and fortunate professor at the end of a youth who can fit spectacles for their eyes like ornaments . "
रवीन्द्र with himself Rabindra wrote to his father who was often on his journey to the Himalayas. asking for permission to go back to England and resume his studies .
He was allowed to do so and in April 1881 he sailed for the second time to England accompanied by his nephew .
On the eve of the trek he made a speech before the people of Calcutta on the theme of music and compassion which he expressed his views with his songs .
It was his first public lecture and he tried to prove with vocal demonstrations that the function of music was to express what the words fail to express .
He was coming out of his shell to the public ' s eye and in the meanwhile wrote a very bitter and controversial article in China ' in which he condemned Britain for the अफीम of opium .
From the beginning of his life to the end he had the basic characteristic of his personality a great deal of deep understanding and deep commitment to the world of things .
The second voyage to England proved useless .
The nephew who accompanied him had married recently and began to get as soon as the boat left Calcutta as sick for his wife .
His first novel रानी रानी रानी रानी or रानी रानी was also written here .
This first novel is a historical melodrama cast in the mould which his predecessor Bankim Chandra Chatterji had made very popular .
No wonder that when it was published the author received a letter from the famous veteran congratulating him on the achievement .
The substance of the plot and the significance of the title may be summed up as follows: A brave and ruthless King सहानुभूति his son for daring to show sympathy with his suffering subjects .
The Prince is finally निकल .
On his way to the holy city of Banaras he leaves his sister to her husband ' s state .
On reaching there he comes to know that in the meanwhile her husband has taken another wife .
disappointed sister accompanies her brother in the exile.
The place where they had नौका their boat is still called the रानी of the little queen .
There is not a particular point in the story .
Nevertheless its historical importance in the author ' s development is considerable.
It is like a small nursery bed in a house to concentrate where seedlings were raised and transplanted elsewhere - to make flowers happy .
There are many situations and characters that the author has developed and developed in his plays some of them may be seen in his early years : a king who is a lonely soul against the burning professions and ideologies of his own people .
After this idyllic holiday in the villa on the Ganges the two brothers and Kadambari Devi returned to Calcutta .
But they did not go to the ancestral house आवास but took up their residence in Sudder Street not far from where the Museum now stands.
It was in the midst of this bustling metropolis that the young poet had his first deeply felt spiritual experience which burst upon him as a vision so vivid and authentic that its impression lasted all his life .
He wrote about it in his जीवन and later in The Religion of Man .
One morning as he stood at the balcony of the house and at the end of the road the sun was shining behind the rows of trees : Suddenly there was a strange sight of light and electricity all the marvels of the earth .
All the gloom and despondency which had weighed over and oppressed his spirit forcing it to turn upon itself in a morbid relish of its own disease fell from him like a garment cut from end to end .
The freed water rushed forth and cascading leaping over the rocks and from each obstacle.
In this mood of semi - exaltation a rediscovery of the wonder of this world and the joy of living he wrote a number of poems which were later published as Prabhat Sangeet .
In another poem he reviews his life as to how in the wild life of his heart he was losing his way and Nature the source of his joy and is now occupied with his work of हृदय .
So he . in the second poems a festival of his new faith in a new body and one wonders if he was totally lost in the appearance of a grown - up young and unaffected by the sadness which was अप्रभावित in a totally different mood .
What is more these poems are proud of their state कविताएं अधिकारी which was the herald of a new movement in language and metrical movement in which Bengali poetry is far away .
Most of these poems are not merely उच्छवास of the new joy of them ; some of them lie like the lines of thought which are now permanent : the backbone of thought and music the perfect combination of these poems which were the best specimens of poetry .
It would be a pleasure for the young author to see that the details of the public places and the noise of the dingy road in Calcutta should be so शराबा .
That is why the poet has to turn and twist them in metre and verse so that the meaning may be held somewhat in check and the feeling allowed a chance to express itself .
Two other poems included in this work also bear the germ of his favourite philosophy that Being is Becoming that life is ever moving and renewing itself and that death is what helps it to renew itself .
" I have lived every year and died . "
The poem of another long poem खगोलीय in its voice is so स्वर and in a way it is highly पदार्थ in which the Hindu myths are connected with the possibilities of modern matter the creation of the other world and the संहार of the universe .
In the midst of the Great , limitless timeless and खामोशी sits Brahma the Creator his eyes closed and in silence .
Suddenly his eyes open and he utters the primeval hymn of creation .
The emptiness is filled with burning आग and revolving जाती of fire .
But all these सृष्टि tire of revolving in the endless round of the Law and the Creation wearied of itself prays to Siva the Lord of Destruction for the peace of. सर्वनाश .
No more will the lightning चिता of pleasure lure him into the darkness of sorrow ; for he has burnt all the senses in the funeral pyre of self - knowledge .
He will now proudly walk the earth and pity mankind for their ignorance . "
When he comes to the nearest city he belongs to an untouchable girl who is the only priest in the temple but everyone else and everyone else .
He is frightened at the thought that he does not follow human conduct and goes away .
But he cannot keep himself aloof from it for long and when he returns he finds himself dead .
Death sets the seal on his realisation ; the great is to be found in the small the infinite within the bounds of bondage and the eternal freedom of the soul in love . "
They are यायावर and यायावर nameless and anonymous who represent the daily panorama of life in a village or on the highway.
As has been pointed out earlier Tagore ' s plays are full of unknown characters and legends representing various social groups and communities which make little room for such a play .
These characters use the native dialect and like some of Shakespeare ' s rough characters indulge in crude humour all of which provides a relief from the high flown thoughts and superb poems of the main .
Having spent the summer and the rainy season in चौरंगी the party returned to Calcutta in autumn where they now stayed in a villa on Lower Circular Road near चौरंगी .
From his window on the first floor Rabindranath would watch the daily drama of these crowded colony of humble folk men and women at their various tasks and the children played .
For me it was all like a living story . "
He was curious to see with the mind what the eye sees and the eyes are looking at what the mind thinks ;
And it was befitting that the poems he wrote from this vision were later published in the form of कविताएं O मनोदशा and are remarkable poems of his mood .
He was watching and absorbing and growing and all the time the craftsman was practising new strokes .
Not all the poems are pictures कविताएं nor do they come within a single kind.
For example Prem the poem of his love of God is a half - symbolic and half - mystic the allegory of the turbulence in the dark depths of his own mind and of what he could view from outside .
It is in history that the marriage of the most romantic man of the age was so रोमांटिक .
In spite of his साहित्यिक romantic temperament and dynamic identity in the field of literary experiment he was a humble and obedient child and so सम्मोहित by the magic personality of his father that the words of his father were never mistaken for him and were unjust .
Despite the obvious anti - climax he was however in the long run none the worse for the Maharshi ' s arbitrary and seemingly unreasonable choice .
To the end Rabindranath needed no further stimulus than his wife .
If he had married a beautiful girl he would probably have been fed up by her but her wife worked very hard on her and agreed to let her have a good deal of protection for life .
The bride ' s maiden name was वधू . a name which was a very old वधू and as it is today the people who smile it .
After the marriage the name was changed into Mrinalini a lovely name given by her husband who was the first phase in this chapter .
Nalini था was a name which was very dear to his heart and Mrinalini seemed to incorporate it .
As a matter of fact he was at this time working on a prose drama of that name .
The plot was well - known and would have been based on the exchange of one ' s juvenile imagination which lasted through the centre of his heart and acted upon to include all the members of the family and each participant was convinced .
And finally Rabindra Nath Tagore had to complete the play .
But before it could be produced a tragedy overtook the family .
In April 1884 Kadambari Devi Rabindranath ' s favourite sister - in - law died suddenly .
She was only twenty - five years old .
Nobody knows why he did it ?
In the beginning of 1889 रवीन्द्रनाथ Rabindranath Tagore who now had taken two children daughter रवीन्द्रनाथ ( or बेला ) and son रति to Sholapur where his brother was the District Judge .
King Vikram विक्रम a ruler of a state in the Punjab his marriage with the daughter of a beautiful princess of Kashmir is extremely mad in love of his own love and every moment he गिर्द his eyes and मूंद his subjects .
In the crowd of his officers ' relatives हथिया all the important positions of the state and migrate to pay taxes on revenue received .
For he has no time to concentrate on these useless things and even life is so short - lived joy and enjoyment .
The hungry crowds riot outside the palace crying for bread .
How does the queen ask ?
The coarse भीड crowd who howl for food and disturb the sweet peace of the palace .
The husband ' s eyes instead of love were a waste of lust and निर्लज्ज and which made him a mere खून and च्युत his duty and humanity.
When news of his wife ' s decision King राजा is livid with rage his love for her turns into a passion for revenge his wounded रानी into a voluptuous greed for violence and victory .
He leads his armies into Kashmir to teach Prince सेन a lesson .
No one can face his fury and his armies are victorious everywhere and he occupies Kashmir .
Prince सेन is too proud to surrender and yet anxious to appease the tyrant ' s wrath and spare his people the hardships of times .
He therefore sends his severed head to the King as his gift .
The offering is brought to the Court by the proud and sorrowful Queen who falls down dead as she offers the tribute at the feet of her visit .
The conflict in this play is between love and duty between a vain and स्त्री man and a proud and humane woman .
After a few days' stay at Shelidah he returned to Santiniketan and finally proceeded to Sholapur to stay with his brother Satyendranath .
There he heard that Satyendranath and his young friend सत्येन्द्रनाथ planning a visit to England with सत्येन्द्रनाथ Palit .
He made up his mind to accompany them .
In the course of these wanderings and changes of abode a small exercise book which was always with him was getting filled with poems .
Whether he was gazing at the snow - capped Himalayas or धूल in the heat and dust of the plains the poems poured forth.
The largest number were written in गाजीपुर whether because of or in spite of the roses it is hard to say .
The traditional bulbul might have been missing but they must have been प्राण in the कंठ voice of which the प्राण were still ringing .
The harvest gathered over a period of three years or more was published under the title फसल सिक्का and immediately there was a catch of his talent .
In other words it stood for a solemn commitment to religious freedom for all .
This was reinforced by the principles of equality of status and opportunity and of fraternity among all the people of India .
The vision of the founding fathers was that of a nation transcending all diversities of religion and order .
He was not opposed to religion but he hoped that it would be possible to forge political unity and that religious differences would not hamper nation building .
The Constitution envisaged a new social order free from communal conflicts and based on social democracy economic and political justice .
It visualized a polity under which laws would not discriminate between citizens on grounds of religion caste or creed .
The Constitution sought to establish a 'secular' order under which the majority of the population did not enjoy any special privileges or preferential treatment at the hands of the State and the religious rights of the minorities were protected in different ways .
It seems necessary that the term secularism be clearly defined in the Constitution itself and the existing laws are firmly implemented and even radical legislation is passed so that no party or individual can misuse religion for political purposes .
In order to fulfil its obligations the Union governments need to know about the diversity of their country .
मैक्सिको मैक्सिको मैक्सिको an expert in पौधों plants is working with मैक्सिको plants at मैक्सिको मैक्सिको मैक्सिको Garden and Institute of दि मैक्सिको मैक्सिको .
They are वनस्पति and describing every high plant species found in वनस्पति .
The वनस्पति work depends on the reference to the botanical collections of the वनस्पति Museum .
If it is a new quest for science it is described and given a scientific name .
This information is collected and presented with a botanical catalogue or Flora of मेसोअमेरिका .
The flora ' s list will contain a description of प्रजातियों species from which about 10 per cent will be new to science .
Produced in printed volumes and on the internet in Spanish it . scientists आनिकों आनिकों and the public with the basic taxonomic information they need to gain information about the safety of local people .
Scientists will be able to gather information on this list .
This is the starting point for future research in relation to the evolution and ecology of the regional plants .
In the case of one migrating after July 19 1948 he should have been registered as citizen of India by an officer appointed for the purpose by the Government of India .
But in the latter case no person shall be so registered unless he has been residing in India for at least six months immediately preceding the date of his application .
The migrants to Pakistan have provided in Article 7 special provisions regarding the citizenship rights of persons who migrated to Pakistan after March 1 1947 but returned to India later .
It is made clear that any person migrating to Pakistan after March 1 1947 ceased to be a citizen of India but an exception has been made in the case of those returning to India on the basis of permits for resettlement in India .
( State v. Amar Singh . AIR 1955 SC 282 . Rahman v. State of Madhya Pradesh AIR 1951 SC नाग )
44
Persons of Indian origin residing outside India ( many persons of Indian origin ) have lived or migrated abroad for purposes of employment or otherwise .
The founding fathers were farsighted enough to have made provisions in the Constitution to protect the citizenship rights of such persons in India .
They were naturally made binding on the state i . e . the executive and the legislative powers .
Article 13ह्य2हृ Before the commencement of this Constitution.
See also इंडिया ( इंडिया ) First edition of the खाई .
Equality before law and Equal protection of laws Article 14 of the Constitution enunciates the fundamental right of every person not to be denied within the territory of India equal protection of law and laws .
The protection provided by this article is not limited to citizens only but is applicable to all individuals .
It embodies the principle contained in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights that all are equal before the law and are entitled to equal protection without any distinction .
In a singular in the term equality before law means the same thing as the substance of law or of law or of justice .
On the other hand in the term of ' equal protection of the laws ' in the first instance the word विधि clearly directs the legal law and the provision made by it to the State to ensure that all safeguards without any exception are provided .
But the Supreme Court has not seen any such distinction .
In fact it has been suggested by Chief Justice शास्त्री Shastri that the second term is the result of the first appointment and that it is very difficult to imagine the situation in which laws will not discriminate against equality of law .
( State of West Bengal v. Anwar AH Sarkar AIR 1952 SC 75 ) .
Laws should be applied to all in a uniform manner .
The Supreme Court has held that there is often a need for separate treatment of different kinds of people .
भारत भारत Lal v. Union of India AIR 1951 SC 41 .
If the classification is not reasonable and does not satisfy the two conditions mentioned above the impugned legislation or executive action would plainly be arbitrary and the guarantee of equality under article 14 would be violation .
Therefore wherever it is in any case that has been dealt with by a legislative or executive or by any authority under article 12 निरंकुशता of राज्य निरंकुशता Act of 1981 निरंकुशता the action of the State .
Thus the new approach introduced by the Supreme Court has widened the scope for the operation of Article 14 and no longer need for any discrimination against others .
प्राजैक्ट v प्राजैक्ट and इक्विपमेंट Corporation ( 1984 ) 3 SCC 328 .
The prohibition on the ground of discrimination on grounds of non - conventional race caste sex or place of birth where Article 14 seeks the preservation of equality and laws before the successor article 15 to 18 general principles in relation to the citizens of India .
Article 15 enjoins the state not to discriminate against any citizen only on grounds of religion caste creed sex place of birth or place of any of them .
The use of the word alone is meaningful .
Any distinctions based on one or more grounds and on other grounds or ground shall not be affected by this article ( राज्य v. State of Bombay AIR 1953 ( C ) निवास AIR 1953 ( राज्य ) or otherwise based on residence ) .
Clause 2 of the article provide for special application of the ban .
The prohibition obviously covers actions both on the part of the State and the general public .
( A . K . Gopalan v. State of Madras AIR 1950 SC 27 ) .
It is necessary that the restrictions imposed by law must be reasonable whether arbitrary or of excessive nature and the onus of proving it to the satisfaction of the court lies with the state .
The भारी the restriction the heavier the onus to prove the reasonableness ( राज्य Ahmed v. State of Uttar Pradesh AIR 1954 SC दायित्व दायित्व ) .
Since the Constitution does not define the " reasonable restrictions it has to be on the basis of its own merits .
G . Rao ( AIR 1952 SC 196 ) .
The standard is really an elastic one and varies in each case with time space and condition .
The founding fathers made it clear that they were not writing the Constitution absolutely independent or completely afresh .
They had deliberately decided not to ignore the past but to build on the existing structure and experience of the past .
The Constitution of India had an organic growth .
Category B : those Bills containing provisions involving expenditure from the Consolidated Fund ( articles 110 and 117 ) .
The special procedure for the धन is defined in Article 110 specifying that a Money Bill is a Bill which provides only to the subjects for the custody of the Consolidated Fund . of the Consolidated Fund and the custody of a Consolidated Fund .
If a question arises as to whether a Bill is a Money Bill the decision of the Speaker shall be final .
Every Money Bill when presented to the President for his assent he shall be certified by the Speaker as such a Bill ( article 110 ) .
A Money Bill can be introduced only in the Lok Sabha and only on the recommendation of the President .
After it is passed by the Lok Sabha and transmitted to the Rajya Sabha the latter may make recommendations if any within a period of 14 days and the Lok Sabha may accept or reject all or any of the recommendations of the House .
Thereafter it is deemed to have been passed by both the Houses with the amendments accepted by the Lok Sabha .
If the recommendation of the Rajya Sabha on the matter of amendment is not accepted by the Lok Sabha or the Rajya Sabha Bill is not returned within 14 days it is deemed to have been passed by the two Houses as Article passed by the Lok Sabha .
Since we have already stated that the Legislative Assembly has the power to act for its own contempt against it and as it has been said to have acted against it in accordance with the rules of conduct and procedure laid down by article 208 .
The Legislative Assembly is the master of its own procedure and is the sole judge of the question whether its contempt has been committed .
The Government therefore decided that an amendment of the Constitution was not necessary .
It was of the opinion that the Legislatures and the Judiciary would develop their own conventions in the light of the opinion given by the Supreme Court and the judgement pronounced by the Allahabad High Court .
The legislative powers of the President confer on the President the power to issue an ordinance if the two Houses of Parliament are not in session and a solution that a situation has arisen out of the situation requiring immediate action .
The power and effect of the ordinances issued by the President is similar to the laws made by Parliament but the only exception is that all such regulations once again अध्यादेश the period of six weeks or before the House निरनुमोदन .
It is only the Rajya Sabha which can declare that it is in national interest for Parliament to legislate in respect of any matter in the State List .
If by a two - thirds majority Rajya Sabha passes a resolution to that effect the Union Parliament can make laws for the whole or any part of India ( article 249 ) .
Moreover if the Rajya Sabha has declared by a resolution backed by at least two - thirds of the members present and voting. It was compulsory for national interest to have been provided by an all - India Parliament or a good creation .
After a new Lok Sabha is duly elected and constituted the President invites the leader of the party or parties commanding the support of more than half of the members of the Lok Sabha to form the government .
While the Prime Minister usually is a member of the Lok Sabha the Ministers are drawn from both Houses of Parliament .
A person other than a member of Parliament may also be appointed as Minister but he has to vacate the office after six months unless he manages to get himself elected from either House .
Since the Council of Ministers is collectively responsible to the Lok Sabha ( article 75 ) it is the constitutional responsibility of the Ministers to resign collectively as soon as they lose the confidence of the Lok Sabha .
The scheme of our Constitution represents a real fusion of the highest executive and legislative authority .
The Executive and the Legislature are not centres of competition for power but they are considered integral partners or partners in the business of the government .
Parliament is a large body .
The concept of the supremacy of religion was not different from the concept of विधि or controlled laws .
In ancient India the rulers were bound by ' religion ' and no one was allowed to violate the law .
In the Rigveda and the वयोवृद्धों mention the Sabha ( the general body of the elders ) .
The अर्थशास्त्र Brahmana पाणिनी Panini 's पाणिनी पाणिनी s Artha - shastra the Mahabharata inscriptions on Ashoka pillars the बऋद्ध and Jain texts of the period and the पाणिनी all bear witness to the existence of Indian history.
After the Mahabharata in particular many small states came into existence .
There are many references to how these republics worked .
Representatives were elected in the open meeting .
He was a king and ruled with the help of a Council of Ministers .
Parliament may by law regulate the procedure ( article 124 ) .
In the case of Justice Ramaswamy motion for presenting an address to the President for his removal failed to get the required majority in the Lok Sabha .
Contrary to the common belief there is no provision in our Constitution for the impeachment of a judge .
The impeachment is provided for the President and none .
Also there is a fundamental difference between removal procedure and impeachment procedure and between the impact of the adoption of a motion for impeachment and the passing of a motion for presenting an address to the President seeking orders for the removal of a Judge .
But after the motion for removal from the office of a judge the Deputy President thinks of issuing necessary orders .
Every person appointed as a judge of the Supreme Court before he enters upon his office takes an oath before the President or any person appointed in that behalf by him in the manner prescribed in the Constitution .
The Constitution prohibits a person who has held office as a judge of the Supreme Court from practising law before any court in the territory of India ( article 124 ( 6 ) and 7 ) .
He was elected president of the state and he was called the hero .
The East India Company created by a few London traders on December 31 2008) had obtained the royal Charter from Queen Elizabeth .
The Charter granted to the company monopoly rights for trading with India and some areas of South East Asia for a period of 15 years .
Judicial review : A Judicial review as it has developed in the United States has the right to the Supreme Court of the country to hear the final decision on the legality or illegality of legislative action in the country as it does the law .
Our Constitution very largely follows the US custom .
Cases are often filed before the Supreme Court by a State Government or by an affected private individual or a party claiming that in enacting a particular law the concerned government exceeded its jurisdictional limit with regard to the division of powers under the Seventh Schedule .
While reviewing such enactment the Supreme Court will examine whether jurisdictional limits have been covered .
Incorporation of a Chapter on Fundamental Rights in the Constitution makes judicial review specially consistent .
And under this article ' the ' State ' has been defined as to govern the Government of India and a judicial review ( ii ) of each State Government and the state governments of India within the Parliament and the Legislature of India .
Up to 1967 the Supreme Court accepted the view that there was no " law " as defined by the Constitution - LRB - Article 13 ( 2 ) .
An organisation to the cause of bonded labourers and bonded labourers under bonded labourers has been signed by the Supreme Court by a letter to the Supreme Court regarding the conditions of work in the Faridabad of Haryana .
The petitioners entreated that a writ be issued for proper implementation of the various provisions of the Constitution and . with a view to ending the misery suffering and helplessness of those workers .
The burden of providing all the facts and evidence against the constitutionality of the statute lies with the संवैधानिकता .
The principle of कानून when interpreted the law is to judge the court that the whole law is against the Constitution or only part of it .
The court can declare a law void in part as well if the facts so warrant.
Article 274 requires that in case of Bills affecting taxation in which States are interested in effect prior recommendation of the President would be necessary .
The State Legislatures may by law levy taxes on professions trades रोजगार धंधों and employment .
However the amount of these taxes payable by an individual shall not exceed Rs 2500 per year .
The Parliament does not have the power to legislate in respect of income from professions etc . ( articles 276 ) .
The recommendations of the President Commission and the action taken on them shall be laid before each House of Parliament ( articles 280 - 281 ) .
Regulation of Consolidated Funds निधियों Contingency Funds and moneys credited to public accounts is to regulated by Parliament and each State Legislature concerned ( article निधियों ) .
Article 290 provides for adjustments to be made between the Union and State Governments in respect of payment of certain expenses .
Article 365 read with Article 365 provides that once a declaration of Emergency the extension of the Union to observe the failure of a State to comply with Article 356 to article 356 .
The language provided was divided into 3 parts - भाषा ( Section 29 - 30 ) - Part 5 ( 6 ) ; - 17 - 17 - 17 - 351 - 351 - 351 and the Eighth Schedule to the Constitution - Part I .
Protection of interests of linguistic minorities and the prohibition of discrimination on grounds of religion Article 29 asserts that any section of citizens residing anywhere in India shall have the right to conserve their distinct language tribal script or culture .
No citizen can be denied admission in any educational institution maintained or aided by the State on grounds of language non - religion etc .
Article 30 seeks to establish and administer all minority groups based on religion or language .
All such reports may be laid before Parliament and sent to the concerned State Governments .
Language of Legislatures Article 120 lays down the official language of Parliament .
Besides that what has been said the business of Parliament will be in Hindi or English .
But the Presiding Officer of each House may ask any member who cannot adequately express himself in Hindi or English and may permit his mother tongue to address the House .
It is therefore arranged in both the Houses of Parliament to have speeches made in leading regional languages as well as in Hindi and English .
In actual practice however most of the time the entire business of each House is carried on in Hindi or English full facilities are given to the student from Hindi to English and vice - versa.
The corresponding language provision for State Legislatures was Article 210 .
Work in the Legislature of the State shall be done in the official language or languages of the State or in Hindi and the Presiding Officer of the House may refer to any member who cannot adequately express himself in his mother tongue .
The official language of the Union was the most complicated question of many of the problems faced by our founding fathers either as national language or as the official language of the Union .
Finally under a compromise formula embodied in article 343 Hindi in Devanagari script was accepted as the official language of the Union with the international form of Indian numerals .
It was allowed that English would continue to be used for a period of 15 years and even thereafter the Parliament may by law provide for the use of English or the Devnagari form of numerals for any specified purposes .
Indian National Congress formed in 1885 .
This marked the gradual reduction in imperialist control in India and the process of the development of responsible government .
From the very beginning the Congress has made the main base of its public life to gradual representative institutions in the country .
The Congress was of the view that reform could only improve all other systems .
Speaking on the subject at the fifth session of the Congress ( Bombay . Bombay . 1889 ) Surendranath सुरेन्द्रनाथ : " If you improve the council you get everything else .
It depends on the future of our country and the future of our administrative system . "
The Indian Councils Act of 1892 was in effect a step towards the acceptance of the growing Indian demand for representative institutions at least .
It was in this sense that the British Government recognised the title of representation to the people of India in the Councils of ब्रिटिश for the first time in the Lok Sabha .
The Congress was satisfied that it was for the common purpose of Indian political franchise.
Fresh elections to the Central Legislative Assembly which were to be held long ago were held in the last quarter of 1945 .
Sarat Chandra Bose was the leader of the Congress Legislature Party .
The Indian Independence Act 1947 introduced some changes .
The provisions of the Act of 1935 which required the Governor - General or the Governor to act in accordance with his discretion or in his individual judgement .
The Dominion Legislature was vested with full power to make laws including laws having राज्यक्षेत्रातीत effect .
The Governor - General ' s Council was formed by the Council of Ministers to aid and advise him in the discharge of his functions .
The legislative powers of the Governor - General were removed and power was given to him to promulgate ordinances only in case of emergency for the business and good government .
Parliament and State Legislatures The Constitution of India has established a federal system of governance in the country as there is a distribution of legislative executive and financial powers between the Union and the States.
But it is extremely doubtful if Indian polity can be described as Federal or फेडरल .
The word के was nowhere used in the text of the Constitution.
In fact the proposal to describe India as a फेडरशन was specifically turned down in the Constituent Assembly .
Article 1 of the Constitution described India as the Union of States .
There are many such features in the Constitution and a large number of its provisions which very clearly and strongly विरूद्ध against it being a federal Constitution .
Unlike the United States of America the citizenship in India is one and the flag is one .
The judiciary is also integrated and not divided between the Union and the states .
In short there may be a difference of opinion about whether Indian polity is federal unitary or quasi - federal or it is a political arrangement which is unitary in spirit but federal in structure .
The Union of India has 25 states now and seven Union Territories (UTs) as mentioned in the First Schedule of the Constitution .
The Executive enjoys the right to formulate the budget .
The Constitution provides for an annual statement of estimated receipts and expenditure placed before the Parliament .
It has full freedom to suggest how revenue should be raised to meet the expenditure and thus the Government can take all the initiatives in various financial matters .
No taxes can be legally levied and no expenditure incurred from the treasury without special parliamentary powers .
The 19th century British concept of parliamentary control over the Executive is no longer valid even in the ब्रिटिश of ब्रिटिश ( the British Parliament ) .
Parliament ' s government is controlled by the पपर .
Through the members' questions sometimes the ministers concerned themselves get better informed about the departments under their charge and the weak spots therein requiring priority attention .
Still another procedural device is that of the Calling Attention Notices .
A member may with the previous permission of the Speaker ओर may draw the attention of a minister to a matter of urgent public importance and request him to make a statement on that matter .
Members can also write to the concerned ministers and ask for the information they need and the information is usually given .
Another medium for raising knowledge on the institutional level is the reports of various parliamentary committees .
In the process of enquiry committees have by searching questions collect valuable and valuable information from various Ministries and Departments of the Government such as the procedural measures have become a major instrument of obtaining information on matters of urgent public importance and its use in the House.
Some political parties have their own research and reference staff who feed their members with information particularly from the party position .
They go to the constituencies and to other places - people to talk to them and to the one the members of public advice and other committees board oversight to become members of public and non - official publications high - governmental publications and प्रशासन like the press प्रशासन .
The Press plays a particularly important informational role in parliamentary life .
Parliament is becoming more representative of the people of India of the level of their political awareness of their lack of sophistication and of their problems their hopes and aspirations .
The politics of the privileged class has been gradually giving way to semi - political politics .
Besides an average member of Parliament on the other hand considers his duty to represent his people and to ventilate their problems and difficulties and grievances and strive to correct them.
For if the Executive is responsible to the Parliament the Parliament and its members are also answerable to the people .
The member is the chief communication link between the people he represents and the Parliament and the government .
The member can do so by fully utilising the various procedural devices available and making it possible for this purpose in the House and through the Petitions Committee and other Parliamentary Committees .
विधायी on legislative proposals or financial विधेयकों - A motion for considering and स्वीकृति the policies of the government ; a देश on the President ' s Address on the Motion of Thanks on what the members can and should express their views during the debate and discussion .
In fact the Parliament has been in the forefront of social reform .
Early in the Constitution several legislations have been enacted by Parliament to provide for the establishment of special old age - saving facilities for removal of social security benefits for the backward classes of people or the traditionally depressed classes of the society and for the Scheduled Castes .
Parliament does not legislate .
For this purpose he has neither the time nor the necessary information .
As in other cases also in the matter of representative legislation the initiative is entirely done by the executive and the administrative departments .
The modern concept of law is not to suggest that it is a set of rules which are generally applicable and so on .
Procedure is a procedure which is a long and complicated procedure derived from earlier social tendencies but only the first needs and actions to be followed by the सदनों and laws of the संसद and of the ministries and departments of law and of course the government concerned .
Thus it cannot be said that law - making does play a body of persons or any part of the State : the three organs of the State - comprising the Executive the Legislature and the विधानमंडल - LRB - कार्यपालिका - RRB - of the State .
में 3. 1 at the end of this chapter shows the period of time spent by the Lok Sabha on various types of functions ( constituent ) ) the Parliament ( article 368 of the Constitution provides for amendment of the Constitution .
The procedure for constitutional amendment as spelled out in the Constitution has certain distinctive features which clearly mark out the Parliament ' s constituent capacity from its ordinary role as a legislature .
First an amendment of the Constitution can be initiated only by introducing a Bill in one House of Parliament ( Parliament ) because the initiative in the matter of constitutional amendment is exclusively reserved for Parliament .
Second an exclusive majority in the provisions of the Constitution can be amended by Parliament - LRB - Parliament - RRB - ( that is by a majority of the total membership of each House and by at least two - thirds of the members present and voting .
Only in the case of the constitutional provisions of a limited category ( such as the List of Seventh Schedule ' in the Parliament provisions relating to the States ( article 368 etc ) the amendment Bill in the case of a special majority set by the Parliament is less than half .
Third he has to give his assent to the President after the amendment Bill has been duly passed by the Constitution Amendment Bill and the option has to be returned to the House for the assent to the Bill or for a simple one.
Record of procedure is a complete compendium of the proceedings of the two Houses of Parliament prepared and published .
Certain words or phrases held या and विवाद by the Presiding Officer or , not recorded under his orders are not included in the official record of the proceeding .
Also parliamentary reporters take down the proceedings in shorthand in को or turns of five or ten minutes .
वाद printed volumes of debates are available in Hindi and English texts .
Parliament and the संसद The Constitution does not expressly provide for the freedom of the press but it has been settled by judicial decisions that freedom of speech and expression includes freedom of the Press.
publication of the proceedings of either House of Parliament all persons engaged in the publication of the proceedings of a Court have been given complete immunity from proceedings in any court ; but the condition is that such publication shall be made by the authority of the House .
He enjoys supreme authority over the secretarial staff the precincts of the House and the Parliament House property .
He represents the freedom of the House and represents the independence of the House because it represents the independence of the nation and because the House is a symbol of the freedom of the nation it is only fair to maintain that office of an extraordinary person .
Before 1921 the Governor - General of India used to preside over the sittings of the Legislative Council .
The origin of the institution of the Speaker in India dates back to 1921 when the Central Legislative Assembly was first constituted under the Montague - Chelmsford reforms .
Sir Frederick का was appointed by the Governor - General as the first Speaker of the Assembly for a period of four years on 3rd February 1921 .
Shri Vithalbhai Patel was the first non - official to be elected President of the Assembly on 24 August 1925 .
He was re - elected on 20 January 1927 and continued on 28 April 1930 at which he gave up his post .
Shri Patel was credited with being the first Indian and first elected Speaker of the Central Legislature .
Shri G. V. Mavalankar was chosen as the first Speaker of the first Parliament constituted after the first general elections after Independence .
The functions and duties of the Chairman Rajya Sabha as the Presiding Officer of the House and as the head of the Secretariat of the House are almost the same as that of the Lok Sabha .
The President appointed Shri Mavalankar to perform the duties of the Speaker until the first Speaker of the First Lok Sabha was duly elected . 23 .
Because of its relative simplicity and ease with which it can be made use of the question procedure as compared to other forms of parliamentary procedure is becoming increasingly popular with members of Parliament .
This is evident from the number of questions admitted and answered in the larger number of Lok Sabhas .
The figure for the Ninth Lok Sabha continued to be as high as the Eighth Lok Sabha .
It is also seen that out of the number of notices received during sessions 40 to 70 per cent is admitted but on account of the specific limit of both starred and अतारांकित questions listed in the schedules only about 33 per cent and 45 per cent in the मानसून
The importance of the Question Hour has been very much proved by certain instances when questions closely pursued by vigilant members led to - inquiries by the government into matters concerning the violation of statutes government ' s policies or धन of public funds .
Some of these are: - LRB - examination cases ( 1957 ) 1957 ( 1951 ) इस्पात . ( 2002 ) इस्पात 1957 import licence ( 1974 ) and the handling of steel deals and the use of cow fat in vegetable ghee .
These facts amply demonstrate the efficacy of the question procedure and utility of the Question Hour .
It was also called the hour of the hour as the House had walked for the whole hour i . e . g . p . g . p . g . in the House till the lunch break .
These two provisions ensure that the government cannot dispense with Parliament for a period of more than one year because every proposal of expenditure gets the sanction of Parliament for one year only .
The Constitution provides for the Consolidated Fund of India to which all revenues received by way of loans advances etc. are credited .
The expenditure is included in the budget : ( b ) the amount required to meet the expenditure of expenditure charged to the Consolidated Fund of India ; and ( b ) which is required to meet the Consolidated Fund of India .
The first category of expenditure may be discussed in the two Houses but is not submitted to vote of either House .
In other words they constitute the non - मतदान part of the budget .
No such demand can be made except on the recommendation of the President .
No money can be withdrawn from the Consolidated Fund of India except under an Appropriation Act passed by the Parliament .
A All - Parties Conference organised at Bombay on 19 May 1928 appointed a committee under the chairmanship of Motilal Nehru to formulate the principles of the Constitution of India .
The Report embodied not only the perspective of the contemporary nationalist ideology but also a framework of the draft constitution of India .
The draft constitution of India was based on the principle of Dominion Status.
It provided for certain fundamental rights and a federal system with maximum autonomy granted to the units but residuary powers vested in the Central Government .
Almost twenty - one years later it was incorporated in the Constitution of free India adopted by the Constituent Assembly on 26 November 1949 .
The White Paper issued after the third Round Table Conference outlined the British government ' s proposal for constitutional reforms in India .
In June 1934 the Congress Working Committee declared that the only satisfactory alternative to the White Paper was a constitution drawn up by a constituent assembly elected on the basis of adult franchise .
This was the first occasion when a formal demand for the Constituent Assembly was raised .
The Executive of the All India Congress Committee adopted a resolution at its meeting held at Patna on 5 - 7 December 1934 through which the Joint Parliamentary Committee ( 1933 - 34 ) scheme of constitutional reforms recommended that it was dropped and rejected .
Second the work load of the House is enormous.
It does not have the time to undertake detailed investigations or even to discuss every matter at large .
The full and widespread scrutiny of technical and other matters by the Committees saves the time of the House and the Parliament can at the same time raise discussion on important matters and not in matters relating to change of policy and wide - ranging principles .
Third matters dealt with by a non - partisan committee are generally those which need to be considered in a more depth with greater depth of care and expedition away from the world of mass publicity in a calm and as far as possible non - partisan environment .
स्थान different views and effecting compromises through give - and - take are accomplished more easily in committee atmosphere than in the House itself where by and large members operate on the basis of party loyalties and are naturally concerned with building a public image .
Fourth since there is no difference in the actually composition of the two Chambers in the Indian Parliament the सदन Rajya Sabha has become almost a parallel House .
Even if this were not so the Rajya Sabha could hardly be considered to be the traditional cooling or revising Chamber a house of elders or experts guarding against hasty or faulty legislation .
Under these circumstances the Select Committees and the Joint Committees on Bills may inter alia perform the role of the traditional Second Chamber.
Fifth in a party system that is ruled by a party like that of the दलीय in the Indian Parliament ( a group of organisations ) - some of them otherwise belong to the Opposition - they keep the Executive on its toes and prevent its becoming more aggressive .
The Secretariats thus function as independent entities under the aegis of the Chairman or the Speaker as the case may be .
In accordance with well - established conventions orders issued by the Government of India to its ministries and departments regarding the service conditions of their staff and the orders of the Lok Sabha Secretariat and the State Council do not automatically apply to the officers and staff .
However if any changes / alteration etc. in a financial order are considered necessary the adoption order is issued after consulting the Ministry of Finance .
If the staff of the Legislature Secretariat were to depend upon the Home Ministry the Finance Ministry or any other department of the government for career prospects promotions pay scales etc. it is obvious that they could not be independent of the Executive .
Budget of the Two Houses of Parliament The position of independence is maintained even in the matter of expenditure incurred in respect of salaries and allowance of the members and officers of the Parliament .
These expenses are met from the Consolidated Fund of India .
As in the case of other ministries of the Government of India separate demands for grants in respect of the Rajya Sabha and the Lok Sabha are laid before both Houses of Parliament .
The Parliament sanctions the expenditure through the Appropriation Act every year .
No cut motions or any discussion relating to the demands of the two Houses and their Secretariats is allowed on the floor of the House .
संसदीय of hands to attract the attention of the Chair is not considered to be the normal parliamentary practice .
No member should speak unless he has caught the eye of the Chair and the Chair is asked to speak to him .
The practice of exchanging arguments by members between themselves or of indulging in a talk of another member or of the minister ' s statement has been deprecated by the Speaker .
A member addressing the House has to resume his seat when any other member has interposed in the course of the debate to raise a point of order or to offer a personal explanation with the permission of the Chair.
If a member wants to comment on a matter before the House or any other member speaking he / she is required to ask the Chair whether to seek any matter made under consideration of the House or for the purpose of any explanation .
The member should speak from his allotted place and rise .
However if a member is unable to do so he is permitted to speak while sitting by the Speaker .
A member should not address the members of the House while speaking but he should always address the Chair and speak to other members through the Chair .
This theory may appear to be a mere formality but it is strictly practised so that the debate does not take the form of dialogue between the members .
After examining the notice if the Speaker feels that there is no prima facie case for a breach of privilege or the matter to be raised is not in order he is permitted to give his consent to the Speaker concerned .
As far as the theory is concerned it is true that it will not work hard on art " Ramalinga said .
I mean that although the mind cannot seize the Brahman in the way of other things one may yet meditate on the Brahma ' s nature .
If a small part of something is caught hold of the mind then it can be gathered gradually over to cover it as long as it is not complete .
Either it is beyond speech and thought or self - expression .
Also as if the mind can partially conceive it can be realised through the use of the hearing the touch the taste the smell the taste the touch and the hands .
If they do so the reverse of the nature of Brahman .
When the mind is over there is the unity of Brahman .
When the mind steps in ever. so stealthily the knowledge which is also the experience of Brahman goes.
That which transcends the mind is conditioned by the mind but due to which the mind मन ( as the Yogin ) is Brahman and not what is worshipped .
That which cannot be seen by the eyes but by which the eyes are seen know That is Brahman and not what is worshipped .
That which is not heard by the ears but by which the ears are heard know That is Brahman and not what is worshipped .
Karunguzhi years with the founding of the Sanmarga Sangam Ramalinga felt that he had sufficiently prepared himself for his mission in life .
He spoke like a prophet inspired by his mission derived from God and his devotion to God .
He said definitely :
In his tract on Compassion he has explicitly indicated that it was irrelevant in the conduct of करूणा - करूणा .
In the evening he spoke to the crowd from a distance and people used to listen to him and listen to him and his sufferings .
Sometimes when provisions ran short they would report to him and he would say to him : By morning your needs are fulfilled the next morning they would appear at the door लदी with rice and vegetables .
In May 1870 after four years in Vadalur Ramalinga shifted to वडलूर .
There he was lodged in a rest house of the वैष्णव of the Vaishnava cult .
It was a small building in a room .
He selected an open space of about fifty acres near the Eating House .
Seven screens of different colours hung one behind another representing seven levels of the illusion of the phenomenal world which hide the light within it by knowledge and grace .
Every hall has a लकडी door every window every pillar a pillar a खंभा every arch a pillar a , on the north - west a south - west , peripheral तख्ता a wooden plank and a chain .
On the occasion of the opening of the Sabhai he proclaimed that the truth of his own personal experience was also given a few lines from : below :
Friends शक्तियां who has attained the rare birth of man - I know what it is a time of achievement because I have not yet received the knowledge of which I have no idea of beyond what human powers do .
I desire that this great joy should equally be yours.
I want to tell you that awareness of the Spirit in the Ananta - जो which aims at the good of the आत्मा and which fills the soul with है so that you can find it just as I have done.
It was open to all castes cults creeds and sects .
They could worship from outside .
In a song he thanked God for his grace in which he has been able to achieve the state of yoga in a fortnight.
While he endorsed the traditional and Vedic concept of liberation he pointed out that this was not the final aim but only the marginal step towards siddhi which is Existing in Divinity .
According to him liberation and realization are the two sides of the same मुक्ति release is a mature stage in being self - existence and self - existence.
To satisfy his disciples and followers he gave them an early warning .
Be sure that by me you will have to benefit from a good fruit .
In a few days my body will disappear from you through the grace of God .
He gave a statement to the Society in English ratified by Sri G. चेट्टी मद्रास Judge of the Small Cause मद्रास Madras and Vice - President of the Madras Theosophical Society .
This statement was published in the book 1882 on ऑन 1969 and the 1969 Patrika of July 1882 and was published in the same journal issue of September 1969 .
I believe he has to overcome all such doubts so that सोसाइटी is no empty delusion nor the Society in question founded on an insecure basis .
Then after giving a brief description of the life and teachings of Ramalinga Velayuda Mudaliar :
In 1867 he founded a Society under the name of San - संगम which meant a society based on the principles of universal brotherhood .
I need hardly remark that these principles are the same as the Theosophical Society.
Our society could live only for five or six years but during this period many starving poor were offered food .
But during the last quarter of the year he gave up lecturing entirely and maintained an almost unbroken silence .
And when he recovered it he felt as if he was not the first man .
It is a very significant document which Evelyn आत्मा has described as one of the few authentic histories of the spirit but rarely in number . "
On his return home he gave away many of his personal possessions to friends and others .
But far beyond the भौतिक of material possessions brought him neither joy nor knowledge .
My life was dreary the world was like a कब्रगाह .
In such a state of mind I suddenly noticed that I had been giving a page of some Sanskrit book to myself .
While Debendranath God - intoxicated was laying the foundation of a reformed church the father continued to dazzle his countrymen with his देशवासियों .
He expected his son to share his glory and to continue the family tradition of making and spending wealth but his son was occupied with another mission .
The father was naturally disappointed and क्षुब्ध .
He once said " Where does he have a mind to concentrate on business " and now he has closed his eyes to it and is nothing but Brahma and Brahma throughout the day .
A shrewd precaution the father did take.
बाद unaware of the fact that after his death his long detailed and full business was carried through the crises to the son who blended into the clutches of a certain real estate a trust that was made to happen in a real business .
A superb gambler he knew that fortune was an uncertain friend .
Soon after Dwarkanath ' s death in London it was discovered that the firm ' s liabilities far exceeded its property .
There was a rush on the bank and the famous House of Carr Tagore & Co. had to close its doors .
He usually visited the western plains situated away from his home .
He was a keen observer of nature and man and his Autobiography was full of vivid descriptions of nature and shrewd observations on men and events .
Before one such trip in 1856 he had for some time been overcome by a persistent period of life and world mortality and by his own ill - health and wanted to spend his rest for his beloved Himalaya .
One day in September 1858 he was walking over the mountains as was his wont and stopped to enjoy the sight of a झरने .
Mala clear , clear , and beautiful ; as soon as he got down from the valley he would go towards the level and dirty .
And yet लथपथ with mud and bereft of their pride they will उपजाऊ the land and help humanity .
It was a good fortune that the Maharshi travelled down from a high Himalayan platform to the earth where he would have wanted to spend the last years of his life in divine साधना for Tagore was born in May 7 .
The Maharshi gave many संतान to the people but his most valuable gift was his fourteenth child .
The birth of the boy however can be said to be something very different .
Perhaps in no family would the fourteenth child be particularly welcome and much less so in a family where all the elder brothers and sisters and their families lived together in one joint family .
The long - sprawling and rambling mansion with foreign missions like the grandchildren and the visit of an additional member had little significance .
The child was named Rabindranath or Rabi for short.
He was a healthy and would have been a child and would not have been so much like his brothers and sisters but that would probably be why his elder sister देवी Devi would have liked her younger brother - in - law and she would have been so much of course Gora .
When the child grew up into a little boy he was relegated along with nephews and पला of more or less the same age to the care of servants.
The mother whose health had broken down after the birth of the fifteenth child had a vast household to supervise with many daughters and daughters - in - law . sons - in - law and their children .
Along with the general complications of a joint Hindu family the Tagores had added some new ones by the practice of accepting the common members of the family . .
Sarada Devi must have been a woman of uncommon character who had kept such a household together with tact and patience .
It is a pity that not more is known of this remarkable woman who made possible others' greatness while leaving little trace of her own.
But the husband so dedicated to religious reforms had not the time to spare for his wife .
His eldest son द्विजेन्द्रनाथ a man of gigantic intellect - a poet कवि musician कवि philosopher and mathematician .
Whatever he did he showed his great original talent his genius was marked by lyrical intensity and उर्वर .
His experiments in poetic composition ingenious and daring left a deep impress on the mind of his youngest brother .
As a man of extraordinary thinkers and thinkers he was no match for him .
He invented the shorthand in Bengali and wrote a manual on it in verse which has been described by a discerning critic as “a monument of बंग्ला as well as a metrical wonder. "
Her second son Satyendranath was the first Indian to break into the stronghold of the Indian Civil Service .
But at the same time he was much more gifted .
He was a master of Sanskrit and had an extraordinary control over Bengali and English writings .
He was the first writer to introduce Marathi religious poetry to Bengali readers .
He translated the Maharshi ' s Autobiography in English and was later published in लंदन लंदन London .
His young wife was a girl of considerable beauty and intelligence रहने most women of that period more or less illiterate and in गुण
He succeeded in educating her not only in Bengali and English but in all the accomplishments of the age .
His son Surendranath and daughter Indira were a very beautiful and versatile man and a favourite companion of Tagore who for the first time went to England for studies admired the life - long character of his बंग्ला in Bengali life and remained his व्यक्तित्व .
Sarada Devi ' s third son शारदा who died comparatively young at about forty years ago remembered him as the youngest brother who wrote for the time of his early education .
अंग्रेजी रवि on which the child Rabi and his companions had a burden of studies had insisted that children should be taught in their mother tongue and not in English .
Years later on he wrote of this short boon : the process of study must be more or less the same as the process of eating .
The stomach is awakened to its function with a first dose of कौर before it is loaded with food so that it gets a complete digestive juices .
My respectful homage to the memory of the late soul . "
He strove to break the British monopoly of shipping and industry and nearly ruined himself financially in the process.
His impact on the intellectual and poetic development of his younger and more famous brother .
Sarada Devi ' s second child was eldest among his two daughters सौदामिनी बंगाल who later looked after the child poet and who was a brilliant maid and worker of the Maharshi and daughter देवी was a golden devotee of Shiva .
They had to pay dearly for their mothers and perhaps they had little surplus left to give them .
Hunger for the mother ' s affection which was never lost in his early childhood and which often appeared as a desire to love and affection for women .
And many years later when the old poets remember the memories of their childhood there is no sign of self - pity .
He is rather thankful for this gift for he is able to keep away from the विलासिता luxury and the indulgence of the विलासिता .
Though no child was loved so much the family had the reputation for aristocratic ways of life the children were brought up more or less .
For love enriches the eye and enlarges the grasp . "
The difference between friendship and love is that in the beginning where two people and the world know the world the latter means that of the two persons .
In friendship one plus one are three in love one plus one is मित्रता . "
" Suffering is another word for obsession .
That is why the sight of beauty brings joy by taking us away from us . "
" Some people say that a woman is like a zero ; so when she is held - LRB - and - RRB - on the other hand she शि her side and put her in the wrong direction she is called fate .
Needless to say I do not agree with them who thus malign the fair sex. "
" Our old बुजुर्गों said that modesty is woman ' s best jewellery .
But the women put on so many ornaments that there is little room left for them . "
Though he stayed in Ahmedabad for only four months this period marks a stage in his mental development .
They simply do this for some playful pleasure .
I also remember that I first heard the appreciation of the hues of my personality and this was often very precisely appreciated .
For example दाढी she had especially encouraged me to follow one thing - that ' you should never be a दाढी .
But she herself did not live to see my disobedience . "
He gave her the name Nalini the name of the imaginary sweetheart in his long narrative poem कविता .
He used to read this poem to her and to translate it into English for her .
He was inspired not only in this poem but in a number of poems which were repeated again and again .
But Rabindranath never forgot her memory and his references to her in his later life whether in conversation or in writing are instinct with tenderness .
In September 1878 Rabindra sailed for England with his elder brother Satyendranath .
Dr . K . डा recently told me very much about which bird the camera was the name of and Ms. in a चिडिया party asked me that I had ever seen a कैमरा earlier .
The houses in this area are exquisitely carved and neat and clean and the floor and the floor is the only other way of cleaning .
While we would not mind having a spittoon in the room here where people seem to be far more concerned with cold and cough they prefer to spit in their थूकना which they put back in their pockets .
Women may be very particular about their appearance but they wash their face hands and arms regularly .
In many houses there are no bathrooms at all . "
" Despite the many differences between our own country and the women here they have in common .
His elder brother realised that if Rabindra was to derive any benefit from his study abroad he should be made to live alone .
He poured himself out in a cascade of songs and wrote his first musical play .
The author has cautioned us not to go to the stage but to be seen and heard on the stage .
In Rabindranath ' s version it is not the plight of a bird that moves the robber chief but the पिघल cry of a young girl caught hold of by his followers who propose to sacrifice her to the goddess Kali .
Moved to pity Valmiki तितर्रबितर the girl तितर्रबितर the gang and wanders in search of his true cause .
goddess Saraswati reveals herself to him and tells him that he was born as a girl to please human compassion .
He gives him the gift of song and says: " The music of pity which melted your stony heart shall become in your voice the music of humanity softening and मंजुल millions of hearts .
Your voice shall से from land to land and many poets will echo your song . "
With this play Rabindra led his revolt against the prevailing orthodox tradition in Indian music .
While caring for both the classical and folk traditions he respected the inviolable sanctity of neither and freely took from each what suited his purpose .
He was not averse to borrowing from western melodies although he did nothing of it but brought him off with it .
Whatever be the case he did not show any zeal in the matter in the new pattern of abstract music .
His own music is so inextricably blended with the poetry of words that it is almost impossible to separate the musical mode from the poetic mood.
But it is also true that some people cannot properly grasp the complex music of the words woven in their songs .
He had heard serious European music too during his stay in England and had gradually learnt to appreciate its merits .
What he admired about European music was its romantic character its aspect of variety of abundance of the waves on the waves of life of the ever - changing shade and light .
He had read in Herbert Spencer ' s The स्पेंसर and Function of Music that it is emotion that gives है to speech .
Article 1 ( 3 ) of the Constitution made it clear that the Union of India could acquire foreign territory .
( भारत ) भारत Patel v. Union of India ( 1970 ) 3 SCC 100 ) .
Under Articles 2 3 and 4 of the Constitution the Parliament of the Union can by ordinary legislation admit or establish new States in the Union or else alter the name regional regions and boundaries of the existing States .
Under the citizenship provisions नागरिकता - A single citizenship has been given to all the people of India and no double citizenship of the Union and of the States as in the United States .
Thus संघवाद the Preamble provisions of our Constitution put an end to concepts of traditional संघवाद divided sovereignty autonomy of States etc .
Further the founding fathers sought to clarify for all times that Sovereignty in our scheme of things vests in the people themselves and that all the organs and functionaries of the Union and the States drew their powers only from the people of India .
Socialism The founding fathers did not want the Constitution to be wedded to any particular ideology or ism or to be limited by any economic theory .
They did not therefore agree to include any reference inter - dining with other .
But the Preamble did mention the resolve to secure to all citizens economic justice and equality of status and opportunity .
The Constitution Forty - Second Amendment Act 1976 introduced the word Socialist to qualify our Republic .
In this book the most powerful poem is , : ओजस्वी and भावपूर्ण .
Rahu the demon who is in love with the moon and eternally chases her is in Rabindranath ' s poem the sensual greedy and devouring aspect of love which is ever present like a shadow.
Whatever else the young poet had seen or not seen of life at all is essential to his love .
Innocent and sublime as he could not possibly escape its agony and biting .
He was with him , who loved him most felt that he was growing in strength per day irrespective of his day .
The earlier negligence and the unknown hunger that had overtaken him now turned his path for रास्ते and objective insight into the world and his taste now began to enjoy the pleasures of life .
The text of the Preamble as amended gives almost the highest place of honour to the objective of socialism .
It is mentioned next only to the rich .
But the term समाजवाद was not defined in the Constitution .
Different people make this different meaning and there is no specific definition .
Dictionary meaning of the word should imply in full or in part placing means of production and distribution in public hands i . e . in public hands i . e . in the ownership or control of the state .
Socialism meant elimination of inequality in income and status and standards of living .
A woman triumphs by her torture .
Soon after in the drama of the रानी a story about the confrontation between the King and the Queen is presented in an entirely different scenario .
The Queen is aligned with forces of reaction against her husband .
The conflict in the discharge is more dramatic and varied in its intensity between the husband and wife between the mundane power and priestly authority between कर्तव्य love and duty between the dictate of humanity and the prescribed laws of humanity .
There too the play ends in tragedy and the loss of an innocent life but in the process the voice of love triumphs and the Deity dethroned in the temple finds its true place in the hearts of man .
He was always on his way back in the later years of his life when he grew up .
If he could not go far he would have changed his residence .
Though the poet did not send a letter to his house this time he kept a diary which was published regularly after his return from that weekly यूरोप of Europe .
His Diary is a charming and delightful piece of writing as all his prose writings are full of acute observations .
The first entry is dated 22nd August 1880 - the day I sailed from Bombay on the steamer .
In the days of Kalidasa a lover separated from his mistress by a few hundred miles had to implore a cloud - messenger to carry his tidings to her .
In the age of this poem a गीत or a lyric would के in the atomic age a couplet or a stanza in the two मिसरे lines .
But this kind of thing happens - when the ship जहाज and the high monsoon मानसून into the Arabian Sea .
As during his first voyage Rabindranath took to his cabin and did not stir out of his four days.
During the coming years of his life he learnt to be a good sailor and did a lot of sea - travel but he never grew to love the sea as he loved the rivers of Bengal .
समुद्री seemed to him as inanimate castle " where the travelers did not know how to दुर्ग .
( 3 ) Bombay State ( AIR 1960 ) Article 4 has made it clear that new States shall be established or passed under article 2 and 3 in accordance with the procedure and conditions of the existing states without any change .
Therefore the Constitution ( Ninth Amendment ) Act was passed to give effect to the part of the whole territory to Pakistan .
The simple along with which India ' s map has been भारत over the last four decades shows that it has a distinct लोच and flexibility in the Constitution and that it उनके Article 2 and 3 .
PART II नागरिकता 5 - 11 Citizenship constitutes the indispensable foundational principle of democratic polity .
Broadly the amended section 3 of the नागरिकता fundamental Act provided that citizenship by birth could be acquired by a person only when either of his parents was a citizen of India .
Moreover the Act made provisions for acquisition of Indian citizenship by birth , रजिस्ट्रीकरण रजिस्ट्रीकरण registration नागरिकता or through incorporation of the territory .
Likewise it provided for termination of citizenship by way of renunciation voluntary acquisition of citizenship of another country or through compulsory deprivation by the Government of India on certain grounds .
The Act also made specific provisions regarding Commonwealth citizenship .
Any person born outside India after 26 January 1950 subject to certain requirements will be a citizen of India ( नागरिक ) if his father was a citizen of India at the time of his birth .
It is important to remember in regard to the citizenship provisions in the Constitution and this law that the framers of the Constitution decided to provide for a single Indian citizenship with a view to building an integrated Indian nation and a united fraternity .
All citizens irrespective of their birth in any state have the same rights and duties all over the country without distinction .
PART III - 35 . : When the Constituent Assembly took over the task of framing the Constitution he first considered to be a ' right ' .
A comprehensive charter of rights was soon evolved through various stages in the Assembly and its Committees .
Dr .
Coming closely on the heels of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights India ' s Constitution मानव to the contemporary democratic and humanitarian temper and constitutional practice in other countries of the world .
It was a testimony to how eager the founding fathers were to incorporate and implement the basic principles enunciated in the Universal Declaration .
Also incorporation of a charter of fundamental rights in our Constitution became necessary in view of the special problem of minorities and the need to assure them of the fullest protection of their rights .
The values of freedom and equality befitting the dignity of man in the Preamble are eloquently proclaimed .
These fundamental rights substantially cover all the traditional civil and political rights enumerated in articles 2 to 21 of the Universal Declaration .
Equality before law and equal protection of all laws ( Article 14 ) protection of conviction for offences ( article 20 ) protection of life and personal liberty ( article 21 ) against arrest and detention .
But there are some rights which can be claimed only by the citizens such as religion caste creed sex or place of birth depending on the importance of birth ( article 15 ) नागरिकों of public employment expression ( articles 16 ) and the expression of opportunity ( Article नागरिकों .
Originally article 19 ( l ) and Article 31 contained the right to property subject to the right of compulsory acquisition for public purpose by the authority of the law of the State to acquire that property i . e . to acquire hold and sell .
But when the Constitution ( 44th Amendment ) Act 1978 1978 omitted the sub - clause ( f ) of Article 19 ( f ) and all Article 31 ) - the right to property ceased to be a fundamental right .
Articles 31 and द्वारा inserted by the First Constitutional Amendment and article 31 ( c ) inserted by the Twenty - fifth Amendment ) were intended to provide for the acquisition of estates provide for the contents of the assets specified in the संपदाओं schedules and the Directive Principles .
3 - 35 Governor - General focuses on armed forces and is useful by Part III of the Constitution .
It is true that the fundamental human rights enshrined in the Constitution of India are hedged घिरे many limitations and restrictions .
The fundamental rights which the individual enjoys are in the nature of restrictions or restrictions on the actions of the State .
( State of West Bengal v. Subodh Gopal Bose AIR 1954 SC 92 ) .
Though it does not specifically refer to the freedom of the press it has been held to enjoy the right to freedom of speech and expression .
In other words the armed rebellion the युद्ध the war against the State the युद्ध the mutiny etc . would be a great likelihood of safeguarding the state .
It would therefore be necessary to give expression to such ideas or to give speeches that would amount to incitement and encourage people to commit offences like murder - LRB - article 19 ( 2 ) reasonable ground for restrictions under article 329 ) .
Every speech which tends to overthrow the State can be made punishable ( Santosh Singh v. Delhi Administration AIR 1973 SC दंडनीय ) .
However happily in recent years the Court has taken a liberal view of the law of contempt ( See AIR 1978 SC 1978 ) .
नहीं The right to free speech and expression does not entitle a citizen to defame a person .
It is for this definition that a person is guilty of contempt or insult .
It was also linked in 1951 with the emphasis on स्वतंत्रता of speech and expression .
The Supreme Court has taken the view that incitement to murder or other violent crimes would generally endanger the security of the State .
( SC 329 )
The right to ban the right to freedom of speech and expression was inserted in 1963 by the Montague - Chelmsford Constitution Amendment to challenge the integrity of India or any part of India .
Meetings processions and demonstrations are inevitable लोकतंत्रात्मक of a democratic system .
Generally speaking the protection afforded by these rights is used to challenge the validity of स्वतंत्रताओं or deportation orders which go to curtail the two freedoms .
In the case of B . Khare v. Delhi State ( AIR 1950 SC कार्यपालिका ) the Supreme Court held that it was not illegal to make that an order of व्यक्तिपरक is not subject to judicial interpretation and impugned by the Executive .
In another case the court held that the law which a citizen could not have given a fair chance to a citizen merely by contravention of the पाकिस्तान Act or the imposition of reasonable restrictions on the punishment of the permit .
Restrictions to protect the interests of the Scheduled Tribes have been provided keeping in mind mostly the aboriginal tribes which have their own distinct culture linguistic and customs .
Cultural and Educational Rights Protection of the interests of minorities Article 29 guarantees the right of every section of the citizens residing anywhere in India irrespective of their own particular language character script or culture - LRB - लिपि - RRB - to preserve it .
College . भटिंडा Bhatinda and Punjab State AIR 1971 SC शिक्षा ;
College . भटिंडा Bhatinda and Punjab State AIR 1971 SC शिक्षा ;
By अधिकारों the possible conflict between the rights and the needs of the individual and the needs of the community where on the one hand the necessary restrictions on basic rights " public interest etc are placed on the other the more positive राज्य policy .
It is therefore clear that these constitutional directives were not intended to be merely moral precepts but were to be treated as positive mandates and part and parcel of the human rights provisions of the Constitution .
But उपजते : The Directive Principles give no legal rights to a person for his breach and he does not give any strength to the legislature .
Dr .
Ambedkar had categorically stated that the Directive Principles were not intended to be mere pious घोषणाएं .
The Directive Principles are an effective part of the Constitution and are an important part in that behalf the Constitution seeks to achieve the ideal of a democratic welfare state in the Preamble and to the realization of the social and economic revolution that the founders had dreamt of .
The Preamble the Fundamental Rights and the Directive Principles together .
Both the Fundamental Rights and the Directive Principles are the soul of the Constitution .
It is now clear that there is no essential dichotomy between Rights and Duties or between the Fundamental Rights and the Directive Principles .
They complement and supplement each other .
While introducing a motion to the Select Committee on the Constitution ( First Amendment ) Bill 1951 Jawaharlal Nehru refers to the possibility of a struggle between fundamental rights and Directive Principles and the difficulty that our States faces .
But where one party on its own is not in a position to form a government there may be many समूहों and so many groups are changed .
In the matter of power of Parliament the Supreme Court has also given different views ( vide A . S . M . S . न्यायालय v. State of Madras AIR 1950 SC प्रभुता ) दिल्ली on Delhi laws ( राज्य ) .
It has however been held in the Gopalan case that within the specified limits of its powers the Parliament is supreme .
Functions of Parliament . Traditionally the main function of a legislature is to legislate .
Under article 245 - 246 Parliament can make laws for the whole or any part of India within its area of competence as defined and delimited under the distribution of legislative powers between the Union and the States vide the Seventh Schedule .
Only the Parliament can legislate in respect of the Union List .
Both the Union and the State Governments have concurrent power to legislate in respect of entries in the concurrent sphere .
If there is a conflict between the Union and the State laws the former prevails ( article 254 ) .
Also the residuary powers vest in the Parliament ( Article शक्तियां and the entry 97 of the Union List .
A number of articles empower Parliament to make laws in various matters by virtue of such powers as may be provided by Parliament by law otherwise than Parliament by Parliament " Parliament may by law be prescribed by Parliament by Parliament " Parliament ' and so on .
No grounds arguments proofs or justification are required .
Parliamentary control over public finance - the power to levy or modify taxes and the voting of supplies and grants - is the most important checks against the Executive assuming arbitrary powers .
No taxes can be legally levied and no expenditure incurred from the public exchequer without specific parliamentary authorization by law ( articles 114 - 116 and 265 ) .
Administrative accountability is ensured through legislation through parliamentary devices like , संसदीय discussions on various motions संसद scrutiny through the संसद Committee which in fact represents Parliament and controls its department on behalf of Parliament .
For further study see Subhash C. Kashyap Our Parliament . National Book Trust New Delhi .
Judges of the Supreme Court are to be paid such salaries as may be determined by Parliament by law and until so determined salaries as specified in the Second Schedule ( article 125 ) .
When the post of Chief Justice of India is vacant or when the Chief Justice is unable to attend the duties of his office the President shall appoint one of the other judges of the court and he shall perform the duties of the Chief Justice ( article 126 ) .
If the quorum of the judges of that court are not available at any time to hold or to hold the session of the Supreme Court he is entitled to the appointment of one of the High Court Judges considered necessary to be such High Court .
He can do so only with previous consent of the President and after consultation with the Chief Justice of the High Court concerned .
The judge so appointed is duty bound to give priority to the Supreme Court ' s duties .
The Chief Justice of India may summon and appoint a retired judge of the Supreme Court or a retired judge of the Supreme Court as he may deem necessary to appoint and act as Judge of the Supreme Court .
This also can be done with the consent of the President and of the person to be so appointed ( articles 127 and 128 ) .
Power and jurisdiction of the Supreme Court
The President may seek the opinion of the Supreme Court on any question of law or fact of public importance on which he thinks it expedient to obtain such an opinion .
After such instructions received from the President the Supreme Court may report to the President its opinion on it after a hearing as it deems fit .
The President is free to recognise him or her .
The President may also seek the agreement of a treaty प्रसंविदा covenant engagement प्रसंविदा engagement प्रसंविदा . or any other instrument which had been entered into or executed before the commencement of this Constitution and is followed by the Supreme Court .
Under article 138 the Supreme Court shall have such further jurisdiction and powers with respect to any of the matters in the Union List as Parliament may by law .
This enlarges the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court and provides it with very special jurisdiction to hear cases of most urgent nature directly and in its original jurisdiction for speedy disposal .
The due process of law gives wide scope to the Supreme Court to grant protection to the rights of its citizens .
It can declare laws violative of these rights void not only on substantive grounds of being unlawful but also on procedural grounds of being unreasonable.
It is not expected to go into the question of its reasonableness suitability or policy implications.
The Supreme Court pronounces its judgement on a specific case through a specific petition .
He does not give the opinion or advice on general instructions .
There should be an aggrieved person who petitions the Court to challenge the constitutionality of the statute which has adversely affected his rights .
He has to show that he has suffered from immediate injury as a result of the enforcement of the statute and that the damage complained of is है .
This judgement राहत individual / citizen or voluntary organisations to seek judicial relief in the interest of the general public .
Effect of the law declared against the Constitution : A law declared by Article 141 shall be binding on all courts within the territory of India .
Therefore if the Supreme Court declares a law to be opposed to the Constitution even if it is a legislative competence or a violation of the fundamental rights it shall be binding on all courts in the territory of India .
Independence of the judiciary In a representative democracy administration of justice assumes special significance in view of the rights of individuals which need protection against executive or legislative interference .
An independent and supreme judiciary is an essential requisite of a federal polity wherein there is a constitutional division of powers between the federal government and governments of its constituent units and a functional division of powers between the executive कार्यपालिका legislature and judiciary .
Also an independent and impartial judiciary is an essential requisite for ensuring human rights and protecting democracy .
Only an independent judiciary can act effectively as the guardian of the rights of the individual and of the Constitution .
The Constitution provides for a High Court for each state .
Parliament may however establish by law a common High Court for two or more States or for two or more States and a Union Territory ( articles न्यायालय and न्यायालय ) .
A higher court issues a lower court or tribunal and is intended to prohibit it from exceeding its jurisdiction .
Besides writs the High Court under Article 226 can also issue other directions and orders in the interest of justice to the people ( C . 440 v . 440 AIR 1954 SC 440 ) .
( See also under High Court For Public Interest Litigation ) the Governor appoints district judges in consultation with the High Court .
A person who is not already in Government Service should have at least seven years' experience at the bar to become eligible for the post of a district judge ( article 233 ) .
Article 20वें inserted by the twentieth Amendment Act validated the appointment of certain district judges and the judgements given by them ( articles 233 ) .
Appointment of persons other than district judges to the judicial service of a State shall be made by the Governor in accordance with rules made thereunder.
Besides the State Public Service Commission the High Court has to be consulted in the matter of such appointments ( article नियुक्तियों ) .
It may therefore be said that there are several States and states within the Constitution of India .
Generally speaking provisions for the States follow the Union - style .
Even at the State level there is a parliamentary system of government with a constitutional Head and the ministers are responsible for the popular elected House of the Legislature .
The minister uses the true executive power .
The President may at any time withdraw from his post ( the Union of India v. Union of India AIR 1982 .
Some of the Governors may have to discharge certain special responsibilities also under articles से to 371 .
executive powers vest in the Governor of the State and is exercised by him either directly or through his subordinate officers ( article अधिकारियों ) in accordance with the Constitution .
The executive power of the State is सह with its legislative power .
The Governor appoints the Advocate - General of the State the Chairman and members of the State Public Service Commission and the judges of subordinate courts ( articles 165 316 283 165 and 284 .
The Governor appoints the Chief Minister and other ministers on the advice of the Chief Minister .
In practice सभा means that only a person supported by a majority in the Assembly is to be appointed the Chief Minister and the Council holds office only till he derives the confidence of the House ( article सभा ) .
He may also nominate to the Legislative Assembly a person from the Anglo - Indian community if he feels the community needs representation and is not adequately represented in the Assembly ( articles सभा ) .
The Government of India Act 1935 1935 proposed to set up a federal polity in India with a central government and the Provinces deriving their jurisdiction and powers from the Crown .
Since a limited responsible government was established only at the provincial level the nationalists naturally asked for more powers for provincial legislatures .
When the Constituent Assembly met in 1946 and early 1947 the idea was to have a federation with a Centre having limited powers .
Before the Union Constitution Committee could transact any worthwhile business the Mountbatten Plan of 3 June 1947 was announced .
All hopes of preserving the unity of the nation vanished and the partition of the country on communal lines became a firm decision .
The Union Constitution Committee and the Provincial Constitution Committee decided at a joint meeting on 5 June that in view of the 3 June announcement the limitations imposed by the Cabinet Mission ' s plan on the form of the Constitution were lost .
Once partition had become a reality there was no need to appease the Muslim League and restrict the powers of the Union Government .
If there is an anomaly in the laws made by Parliament under article 249 and 250 laws and the laws made by the State Legislatures the laws made by Parliament will अभिभावी the laws made by Parliament and the laws made by an 251 Parliament .
According to article 252 two or more State Legislatures by passing a resolution may ask Parliament to make laws on any matter in the State List .
Such laws can be extended to other States provided the concerned State Legislatures pass resolutions to that effect .
Articles 256 to 265 seek to regulate administrative relations between the Union and the States .
It is common in federal systems that the administrative relations between the Union and the States are fraught with difficulties.
The Constitution of India seeks to achieve a smooth working relationship between the two levels .
It provides that the executive powers of the State Government are to be exercised in such a way as to ensure compliance with the laws made by Parliament .
The executive of the Union is also empowered to give directions to the States which appear to the Government of India to be necessary for the purpose .
Under article 258 the President may with the consent of a State Government entrust to that Government or its officers functions in relation to any subject to which the executive power of the Union extends .
Similarly under article 258 ) the Governor of a State may with the consent of the Government of India entrust to that Government or to its officers functions in relation to any matter to which the executive power of the State is extended .
1 . The Controller - General of India ( राज्य ) Financial provisions and Trade ) Part 5 Chapter 5 and Part XII .
i . e . Executive can ensure independence of this office but it is provided that the C - AG shall be removed from his office only by passing the majority of the members in the House on the basis of the established misconduct and disablement .
Also the Comptroller and Auditor - General shall not be eligible for any other office under the Government of India or any State Government .
His salary etc . will be determined by Parliament by law .
The salaries of the CAG etc . are all akin to that of the judges of the Supreme Court .
The administrative powers of the persons serving in the Audit and Accounts Department shall be such as may be determined by the President after consultation with the Comptroller and Auditor General .
The Constitution left the burden of laying down the duties and powers of the CAG on the accounts of the Union and the States ( articles 149 and 150 ) .
Article 151 however specifically lays down that the Comptroller and Auditor - General shall submit the reports relating to the accounts of the Union to the President and the President shall cause them to be laid before both Houses of Parliament .
Article 265 - LRB - 2 - RRB - upholds the salutary democratic principle of no taxation without कराधान and categorically declares that tax alone can be levied by the authority of law .
Similarly all other moneys for each State shall be paid into the public accounts of the Union or the State concerned .
This restriction does not apply to public accounts ( articles होता ) .
4 . To meet contingent circumstances under which some expenditure may be required to be incurred . article 267 संसद Parliament and the Legislatures of States को to constitute their ' contingency funds ' .
The Contingency Fund is placed at the disposal of Union or State Government ( President or Governor ) to enable it to make advances for meeting unforeseen expenses pending authorization by the legislature .
बीच A scheme for the distribution of goods between the Union and the States is provided in Article 273 .
The proceeds of all the taxes levied by the State are fully retained by the concerned States themselves.
The taxes that belong exclusively to the Union include Customs Corporation Tax taxes on capital value of assets surcharge on income tax etc. and taxes on subjects in the List .
The taxes which have other claims of the State include items like land revenue वाहन customs duty on items included in the state list inland waterways etc .
Article 290 A provides for certain sums to be paid annually to निधियों Funds of Travancore and Tamil Nadu from the Consolidated Funds of these States .
Borrowing Union ' s executive power is that Parliament can borrow from the Consolidated Fund of India within the limits prescribed by law ( articles 292 ) .
A State may also similarly borrow subject to limits set by the Legislature .
The Government of India can within its borrow powers lend to any State or guarantee loans raised by the State .
So long as any of such loans remain outstanding the state government cannot borrow anything without the consent of the Government of India ( article है ) .
Things of value within territorial waters or continental shelf and resources of the exclusive economic zone shall vest in the Union ( article सागर ) .
The Union and the executive power of every State shall extend to carrying on trade or business and to acquire hold or dispose of property and make contracts subject to any law made by the concerned State Legislature ( article विधानमंडल ) .
This article says obviously is an independent or additional source of executive power in addition to article 245 .
The Supreme Court in न्यायालय v . state of Uttar Pradesh ( AIR 1974 ) decided that the power of the state under Article व्यापार means that trade can be done in other states ( see Maharashtra ) .
In the Supreme Court of India ( AIR 1967 SC 1967 ) the verdict in the Supreme Court case held that the principle of natural justice should be applied to the decision to review the order of detention .
During the proclamation of internal emergency ( 1975 - 77 ) the approach of the Supreme Court to cases of violation of Fundamental Rights vis - a - vis emergency provisions has been significantly changed .
In the event of the habeas corpus बंदी the बंदी Court refused to interfere in the case of detention of persons as it held out the clear intention that preventive detention was controlled exclusively by the Executive .
In the Union of India ( AIR 1977 SC 359 ) the court held that all rights of personal liberty could be suspended during national emergency due to Presidential orders under articles 19 359 and 22 .
Most of these Court pronouncements ended validity after the 44th amendment inter alia amended articles 352 358 and 359 .
The entire expenses of the Union and State Service Commissions are charged on the Consolidated Fund of the Union or the Consolidated Fund of the concerned State ( articles 322 ) .
The Chairman and members of the Public Service Commissions are appointed by the President or the Governor as the case may be .
No government department or officer can therefore refuse to entertain a representation on the ground that he is not in the official language .
In - depth studies of the language provisions particularly in Article 343 344 and 351 would show that the ultimate objective is the spread and development of Hindi and the gradual use of it as a link language for official purposes .
There will be no breach of article 351 in case of the use of English even after the period of 15 years ; but under article 343 Parliament has been given the power to observe the progress of Hindi as the Official Language Act .
In राज्य v. State of Tamil Nadu ( AIR 1976 SC पेंशन ) the Supreme Court overruled the order of the State Government thereby giving pension to anti - Hindi पेंशन .
The Court held that the order violated Article 351 in as much as it excited the feeling of opposition to Hindi instead of promoting Hindi .
The authoritative Hindi text of the Constitution has since been published .
The Eighth Schedule Besides Hindi our Constitution also recognizes other languages and the need for their development .
The 18 languages of India included in the Eighth Schedule are Assamese Tamil Nadu Bengali Assamese language Hindi असमिया Kannada भाषाएं Kannada , Malayalam , Manipuri , Marathi मराठी Nepali मराठी Nepali मराठी Punjabi , Sindhi , Telugu and Urdu .
The reforms introduced by the Act afforded no answer and no answer to the demand of responsible government because the Councils set up there was lack of responsibility in the public - elected government .
For the first time in India ' s chequered history under British rule the statement promised the establishment of a " responsible government " in India .
The भारतीय Report 1918 - 22 is known as the भारतीय report on constitutional reforms . - भारतीय or भारतीय report .
He was prepared by लार्ड of State for India . and Lord के the Viceroy of India in June - 1918 .
The demand for Dominion Status was completely ignored in the report .
At every stage of constitutional progress each stage of progress is determined by the British Parliament and will not be based on any self - determination of the people of India .
The existing Indian constitutional system was further changed by the 1919 Act and the rules made under it .
The Central Legislative Council replaced it by a bicameral legislature consisting of a Council of State ( High House ) and a Lower House .
There is no limitation on the power to amend . There is no provision in the Constitution which cannot be amended .
The fundamental rights guaranteed under the Constitution ( Part III ) are subject to the Parliamentary power of the Constitution - LRB - Amendment - RRB - .
In the Golak Nath case the Supreme Court overruled its earlier decisions by a six - set majority and stated that the fundamental rights are छीन in the Constitution - LRB - article 368 without any amendment to the Constitution or article 13 .
In 1973 in the गोलकनाथ Bharti v. State of Kerala ( AIR 1973 SC गोलकनाथ ) the Supreme Court reviewed the decision of the Golak Nath case .
Ten of the 13 judges held that Article 368 itself contained the power to amend the Constitution and that the law of Article 13 ( 2 ) did not absorb the constitutional amendment under article 368 .
The law declared in Golak Nath case was accordingly उलट .
As to whether the power of amendment under article 368 was arbitrary and infinite ; the seven judges decided by a large majority of the judges that the power of amendment under article 368 was subject to the limitation involved .
But what the infrastructure is ( and does not make it clear by the majority and the question remains controversial .
In the संसद case after this decision the Constitution ( 44th Amendment ) Act . 1976 added to it clauses 4 and 5 to the and reduced the limitation of the powers to amend Parliament .
This was the first occasion when the voice of the people was heard in making laws and in influencing the सरकार of the government .
It also played a great role in shaping the political future of the country .
When the country was struggling to overthrow foreign domination the people assembled in the सदन - विदेशी House .
The world saw how the foreign government bow to the people ' s will or defeat itself .
Undoubtedly the defeat of कार्यकारी did not make any difference to the government because the government composed of the nominated Executive Councillors had no obligation to quit .
However being a critical Legislature the Executive had to take care and discretion and give rise to the consciousness of its obligation to the people .
Lokmanya Tilak termed the 1919 ' s reforms as " disappointing and a 1919 sun " but he declared that he would accept what had been given agitate and work harder and use it as soon as possible .
His policy of responsive cooperation included the need for cooperation and if necessary the raising of constitutional power .
Mrs ब्रिटेन announced that the scheme was not worth being moved by Britain and accepted by India . "
While introducing the Draft Constitution in the Constituent Assembly on 4 November 1948 and recommending the parliamentary system शासन Chairman of the Drafting Committee said that " the Draft Constitution ' s pattern was more स्थिरता than the शासन system .
Though some sounds were heard against the idea of a parliamentary system the proposal of the Drafting Committee was in overwhelming majority and finally the Constitution of the Republic of free India was established on 26 January 1950 with the establishment of a modern institutional structure and other .
The three word राजनीतिक representative राजनीतिक parliamentary and democracy are the basic features of our political system .
After every general election to the Lok Sabha the President at the commencement of the first session and at the commencement of the first session of each year addresses the Houses of Parliament assembled together and informs reasons for inviting the Houses of Parliament together .
Further he may address either House of Parliament or both Houses assembled together and for that purpose require the attendance of members .
He has the power to send सेदश or any other message to the House with respect to a Bill that is pending in Parliament the House shall revert to the notice of the House which may be required to be considered by the House .
Some Bills may be introduced only after the recommendation of the President has been examined or proceeded further .
There are certain other functions of Parliament as per the Constitution which are expected to be discharged by the President .
Whenever necessary he appoints a Speaker of the Speaker and the Executive Chairman of the Rajya Sabha a temporary ( Pro - सभा ) of Lok Sabha .
It is for him to have a joint sitting in case of disagreement between the two Houses on a Bill .
Every year the budget of the Government . referred to as the Annual Financial Statement in the Constitution - LRB - C - RRB - of the Union and the Comptroller and Auditor General - General of India - RRB - is special report to the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes as to Parliament and to the Scheduled Tribes .
If he is of the opinion that the Anglo - Indian community does not have adequate representation in the Lok Sabha he may nominate not more than two members for the House .
Other ministers are appointed by the President on the advice of the Prime Minister .
It may be mentioned here that the President does not often have the opportunity to exercise his personal will to appoint the prime minister .
However if a situation arises that no party gets a clear majority in the Lok Sabha the President may use his judgement to choose a leader who in his opinion is likely to command the support of the majority in the House .
The Prime Minister usually is a member of the Lok Sabha but the Ministers are drawn to both Houses of Parliament .
A person who is not a member of either House of Parliament has to vacate the office after six months unless in the meanwhile he manages to get himself elected to either House .
At the same time every minister holds office during the pleasure of the President and shall be liable to dismissal by him .
But since the President does so only on the advice of the prime minister this power actually rests with the prime minister .
The relationship between the Executive and the Legislature is one that is most intimate and ideally does not admit any antagonism or division .
The two are not visualised as competing centres of power but as inseparable partners or या in the business of competition .
The Council of Ministers may in a sense be described as the grand executive committee of the Parliament charged with the responsibility of governance on behalf of the parent body .
In other words the executive is not a separate or outside body .
There is however a clear distinction between the functions of the Executive and the functions of the Parliament .
The business of Parliament is to legislate advise criticise and ventilate public grievances .
The Executive is to govern albeit on behalf of the Parliament .
In the words of the first Secretary of the Indian Parliament :
" The Parliament should not take part in the responsibilities of the government at any time because once the Parliament has started doing so the responsibility of the Parliament and the Executive become vague and the Parliament does not exercise its full power of criticism .
Article 13 of the Constitution clearly prohibits the making of any law by Parliament the State Legislature or by any other authority which may be inconsistent with or in derogation of any of the fundamental rights contained in the Constitution .
226 confer power on the Supreme Court and the High Courts respectively for the enforcement of these rights .
Whether it is opposed to the provisions of the Constitution or the law हनन any of the fundamental rights .
It is sometimes assumed and often said that just as it is for the Legislature to make laws and for the Executive to execute them it is for the Courts to interpret the Constitution and the laws .
Such a possession is very misleading and false .
The Union is divided into States .
A law made by a State can be applicable only in the territory of that state .
The Union Parliament can make laws for the whole or any part of the territory of India .
Parliament also enjoys the power of extra - territorial legislation i . e . a law made by it shall be applicable not only to the people and property in the Indian territory but also to Indian citizens residing abroad .
The States do not have the power to legislate .
The Constitution provides for a three - fold distribution of legislative power between the Union and the States .
List I or the Union List contains 97 subjects over which the Parliament alone can legislate .
List II or the State List includes 66 entries over which State Legislatures have got exclusive power of legislation .
List III or the Concurrent List contains 47 items on which both the Parliament and the State Legislatures can make laws .
While in their respective spheres as allotted by the Constitution they enjoy complete autonomy the State Legislatures nevertheless the scheme of distribution of powers emphasises the general predominance of the Parliament in the legislative field .
The Parliament also has the power to legislate for implementing any decision made in the State List by the treaty agreement or convention with any country or on any matter in an international conference association or other body .
The Parliament may legislate even on some subject in the State List .
If two or more State Legislatures consider it desirable that any of the matters within their exclusive legislative competence should be regulated by parliamentary legislation and pass resolutions to that effect the Parliament can undertake the necessary legislation .
However the legislation so adopted is governed by those States who have requested and all the others to follow it by resolutions passed in that behalf .
Some of the entries in the Union List are also given power to Parliament to make the requisite declaration by secondary law to take over some regions and subjects from the territory of the State .
Parliament has the power to form a new State by separating its territory from any one State or by uniting two or more States .
( c ) can alter the boundaries of any state ; and ( d ) in the name of any state .
These changes are not like amendments to the Constitution but can be made by the Parliament by passing a Bill on the recommendation of the President .
Such a Bill is required to be referred to the legislatures of the States concerned for expressing their views thereon within the stipulated period .
But such a Bill by sending to the legislatures does not lose the power to make a change as it thinks fit .
है is said to be in another place .
The operative reality of politics today is that the power resides in the prime minister and his cabinet and not in Parliament .
The Prime Minister is the leader of the majority in the Lok Sabha and also the head of the government .
He may consult two or three colleagues and go ahead .
It is ultimately the prime minister who is responsible to the Parliament and the nation for the policies of the government . "
Administration is run by the permanent civil services .
The Parliament does not interfere with day - to - day administration nor does it control the administration .
Often the Press struggles hard to unearth the administrative lapses scandals and shortcomings gives expression to public grievances and difficulties and reports on how policies are being carried out .
Much of the information obtained from daily newspapers for parliamentary questions practical proposals and debates is an important instrument on which members depend .
Simultaneously the Press keeps the people informed of what is happening in Parliament .
This two - way traffic enables the Press to maintain an important and strong link between the public and the Parliament .
Considering the space that is devoted to these matters and the volume of information that is given the Press in our country fulfils a great need felt alike by the members of Parliament and the people .
Even though so much information from such a variety of sources is available to Parliament it is not enough.
The information supplied by the official government sources is efficiently collected and processed but it may sometimes consciously or unconsciously get पक्षपातपूर्ण or biased and may always be completely objective factual and objective .
Information from other sources like the mass media political parties interest groups or लॉबी would be even less so.
The government is sensitive to parliamentary opinion ; in most cases they anticipate it; they bow to it in some cases and in some cases they may feel that they cannot alter their convictions their responsibilities and political ideology .
However during discussions members have full liberty to criticise and suggest how they work in the future or how a particular measure may be carried out .
The discussions have affected the minds of the people on the administrative apparatus and if this does not happen the administration is unaware of the sentiments of the people .
Parliamentary debates serve to remind the administration of its duties and obligations .
Parliamentary debates effect the administrative thinking and action in a variety of ways and the subtle influence which cannot be measured in terms of any visible units .
When the administrators have complete freedom to implement the policies framed by the Parliament in the best manner possible however the various ideas expressed in the House have a deep influence and guidance to them .
And that may be called the Advisory Role of Parliament .
Conflict is natural to be a conflict in one ' s life conflict of ideas and interests and struggle for power by various contending forces .
Parliamentary democracy is considered to be a better and more civilized system of government inasmuch as under it debate and discussion on the legislative floor take the place of physical strife on the streets or on the battle fields .
This is especially so when charges are made against a person who has no opportunity to come before the House and explain his position .
Before entering on to ascertain the factual basis of such questions गृहीत may be referred to the ministries / departments concerned .
Members are also sometimes asked to supply material in support of the allegations made in the question .
Moreover where the subject matter of any question is pending for judgement before a court or any other tribunal or body constituted under law or before a Parliamentary Committee the matter is not permitted to be questioned .
It may be noted that questions should not relate to any matter which is not primarily related to the Government of India .
Questions that contain arguments inferences or defamatory statements or otherwise refer to the character or conduct of a person not in his official or public capacity but questions which instead of seeking information are given instead of questions .
The questions are put in starred or अतारांकित categories according to the conditions provided in the rules .
The Mission was in India from March 1946 to May 1946 .
The Mission rejected the demand for the creation of a separate sovereign state as it believed that there would be a large number of non - Muslims in Pakistan and the vast majority of Muslims would be left outside Pakistan .
The Cabinet Mission also rejected the Congress scheme of a loose federation as involving constitutional disadvantages and anomalies .
It recommended a three - tier structure consisting of the Indian Union of States Parties to the Central Provinces at the top and the Provinces and the रियासतों States .
The Cabinet Mission recommended that the Constitution should be in such a way that there should be a Union of India consisting of both the Indian States and which proceeded with regard to the following subjects : i . e . external affairs security and communication .
The Union should have an executive and legislative body representing British India and the princely states .
If there is a question raising a major communal issue in the Legislature it should be resolved by a majority of representatives present and voting from each of the two major communities and a majority of all the members present and voting .
All subjects and rights other than those entrusted to the Union shall vest in the States .
A provision should be made in the memorandum of the Union and the group by which any province can re - provide for a review of the Constitution after an initial period of 10 years from the majority of its Vidhan Sabha .
The Speaker / Chairman decides in every case whether the matter needs elucidation on a matter of fact and is of sufficient public importance to be put down for discussion .
The procedure in the House on such a discussion is that after the member who has initiated the discussion the discussion has given a brief statement showing more than four other members , who may ask an explanation for the said purpose .
Thereafter at the end the minister concerned चर्चा the discussion .
यद्यपि the Question Hour Though the purpose of asking questions as defined is to be known in actual practice most of the questions are to be provided information .
On the one hand parliamentary questions it is possible that Government associations who provide materials to their representatives for queries might be informed of their grievances their problems and responsibilities and their views on the other hand through the processes and programmes of the government .
Apart from the deterrent effect of parliamentary questions on public functionaries the questions bring to the notice of the Executive the way the policies are being implemented and how these affect the common people .
Amidst the proliferating machinery of modern government the political executive and even the administrative heads should be finding it difficult to know what is going on in their departments .
In this respect parliamentary questions are of course an aid to the Executive for they put into focus areas of vital concern to the public .
It can be safely said that members show great interest in using the right to ask questions .
It was therefore considered that some procedure might be devised whereby members might have an opportunity of bringing urgent matters to the attention of the government .
In the modern parliamentary procedure the idea of introducing Calling Attention Notices in the Rules of Procedure is purely an Indian innovation .
Added to this
Sometimes it gives opportunity to members to criticise the government directly or indirectly and to bring to the surface the failure or inadequate action of the government in an important matter .
A member with the previous permission of the Speaker / Chairman may draw the attention of a minister to a matter of urgent public importance and request him to make a statement on that matter .
The minister may make a short statement or ask for time to make a statement on a later date .
The members' chief source for होते the Calling Attention Notices is the daily newspapers .
Sometimes they may be based on the private information of a member or on the correspondence between him and his electorate .
Notices of Calling Attention have to be given by members in writing by 10. 00 .
A member cannot give two or more notices for a meeting .
Notices on the same subject may be given by more than one member but names of not more than five members are shown in the List of Business.
The Speaker goes through the notices and selects one of them for a statement by the concerned minister at the sitting of the House on the following day .
In some cases a , Chairman may select two such notices .
However if the Speaker feels that the matter is so urgent that a statement should be made by the minister on the same day he may in his discretion allow , to go on the same day as his notice has been given .
The idea behind admitting Calling Attention Notices a day or so in advance is that it would give sufficient time to the minister concerned to gather facts about the matter raised and prepare a statement in time .
No more than two notices can be taken up in a meeting to give the attention of the ministers .
There is no debate on such a statement but every member in whose name the matter is listed is permitted to ask a question for the clarification .
The main purpose of calling attention is therefore to seek an authoritative statement from a minister on a matter of urgent nature .
This process does not involve any censure against the government as there is no regular discussion and voting.
Among the subjects on which the ministers have been asked to furnish their terms : there are trouble in any part of India ; inter - district relations in any part of the country ; railway विमानों of all such decisions taken by the central government ;
While raising the point the सदस्य member is not permitted to deviate from the approved text of his statement .
The minister concerned writes to the member directly with regard to matters raised under Rule 377 informing him of the government views and the action taken in the matter .
It may be noted that matters so raised are not included in the List of Business .
Prior to the fourth Lok Sabha use of Rule 377 for raising matters in the House was somewhat restricted but a more liberal approach has been adopted to enable the members to raise various matters of public importance more particularly in the earliest possible cases .
It is found that members are increasingly taking recourse to this rule and this procedure has become very popular .
While during Fourth Lok Sabha only 36 matters were allowed to be raised under Rule 377 during the Fifth Plan the Sixth Seventh Lok Sabhas and Eighth Lok Sabhas such matters numbered 184 लोक सभा सभा and सभा respectively.
Being a large member of the Lok Sabha it is difficult to know the views of the Speaker or the wishes of the latter .
16 . The substitute motions which should be moved instead of the original motion and an alternative to it is called substitute motion .
While the original motion and the substitute motion are discussed together the vote of the House is taken only on substitute motion .
18 . If it is adopted it loses the original proposal and is not put to vote ; but if a decision is accepted the original question is put to be revised .
Subsidiary motion depends upon or relate to other motions or follow up on some proceedings in the House .
They have nothing in themselves and are not capable of stating the decision of the House without reference to the original motion or the proceedings of the House .
यद्यपि Motions are moved in the course of debate on another question and seek to replace that question even though they are independent .
A member may move a adjournment motion in connection with a motion to consider a Bill to a Committee further or to re - operate a matter for eliciting opinion ? or ' adjournment ' .
26 . Accordingly the resolution to be moved in the Lok Sabha may be in the form of a declaration or a declaration of opinion or a motion which may be reasonable for the consideration of the government or to give notice to the House or to such other person .
Similarly in the Rajya Sabha the resolution may be in the form of declaration of opinion by the House or in some other form as the Chairman considers fit .
The following resolutions moved in the Lok Sabha will illustrate the general forms of resolutions and their subjects what are :
हुए that even after 34 years of Independence the economic and social conditions of most of the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes have failed to improve as it recommended to the Government in five years to the educated youth of the above communities .
27 . It is of the opinion that since the emergence of different linguistic and racial groups in the political system in our country has become necessary that a federal structure of the Central and State financial and other relations should be restructured and therefore re - संविधान
Difference between motions and resolutions cannot be easily distinguished from each other because there are many elements which are alike.
In fact the difference between the two . is more of a procedure than of the object .
Quite often both motions and resolutions on the same subject are admitted with some change .
As the Statutory आगे are concerned the functioning of the development in the various sectors is not आगे to the aspirations of the nation ; it is the House which recommends that monitor progress of various development measures at all levels immediately .
Though no period has been prescribed for this in actual practice the , ministers give such notices several days in advance .
These notices are also subject to the same rules of admissibility as the private members' resolutions .
After a government resolution has been adopted the time is allotted for discussion on the recommendation of the Business Advisory Committee by the House .
Resolutions moved by the ministers are generally intended to convey the approval of the House on such international treaties multilateral or agreements made by the government ; or to declare or approve of some national and international policies of the government .
( c ) The statutory resolutions may be moved by a minister and also by a private member .
They are known by the name because they are always brought in pursuance of a provision made in the Constitution or an Act of Parliament and certain Acts expressly require the government to introduce a resolution within a given period of time .
If a clause is inserted in that particular article of the Constitution or a section of the statute under which a statutory will be prescribed a period of time is not set for a statutory resolution to be moved .
A copy of every resolution whether private or private is forwarded to the minister concerned by the Secretary - General after it has been passed by the House of State Government Resolution or by the House of Statutory Resolution .
In such a मनस्थिति if six months pass by the date of the Bill a deadlock is deemed to have arisen .
Joint - sitting of the two Houses : A vote on a Bill arises on account of disagreement between the two Houses on a deadlock resulting in an extraordinary situation which the two Houses meet together .
Under the Constitution the President is empowered to summon the Bill if the Bill has not lapsed due to the dissolution of the Lok Sabha invites both Houses for the purpose of deliberation and vote of the House .
Such a joint - sitting is presided over by the Speaker who assists the Secretary - General the Lok Sabha लोक .
The Rules of Procedure of the House apply to a joint meeting .
At the joint - sitting only such amendments can be proposed which become necessary due to the delay in passing the Bill .
The decisions at such sittings are taken by the majority of the total number of members of both the Houses present and voting.
So far only two bills ( the Dowry Prohibition Bill 1961 and the Banking Service Commission ( Repeal ) were passed at joint - sitting .
( 5 ) assent to Bills when a Bill has been passed by both the Houses either singly or at a joint - sitting is presented to the President for his assent .
If the President . his assent there is an end to the Bill .
The Rajya Sabha cannot reject a Money Bill nor can it amend it by virtue of its own powers .
If any of the recommendations made by the Rajya Sabha are accepted by the Lok Sabha the Money Bill shall be deemed to have been passed by both the Houses with the recommendations accepted by the Rajya Sabha and accepted by the Lok Sabha .
If the Lok Sabha does not accept any of the recommendations made by the Rajya Sabha the Bill shall be deemed to have been passed by both the Houses in the form passed by the Lok Sabha before the amendments recommended by the Rajya Sabha .
In addition if any passed and a Money Bill passed to the Rajya Sabha for its recommendation is not passed by the Lok Sabha within the said period of 14 days .
There is no question of any disagreement between the two Houses with regard to a Money Bill as in the case of a simple Bill because it enjoys equal power with the Lok Sabha in the case of ordinary Bills .
Hence there is no provision for a joint - sitting in the case of a Money Bill .
financial
Generally speaking a Financial Bill means a Bill which relates to revenue or expenditure .
But being not a Money Bill the Financial Bill being a Money Bill the Council is fully empowered to reject or amend it as it does in the case of an ordinary Bill .
Except that there is no such amendment in the House except in the case of reduction of taxes and taxation without the recommendation of the President the dissolution of the Finance Bill lies in the House except in the case of a simple Bill a simple Bill in which it is agreed upon both the combined House .
The provision of a joint - sitting does not apply to the case of a Money Bill .
The Finance Bill of class B which inter alia contains one or more proposals from the Consolidated Fund of India and which excludes any matter mentioned in Article 110 may be regarded as a General Bill or for the same reasons .
It does not require the recommendation of the President for its introduction .
However the recommendation of the President is essential for its consideration by either House .
In other words it is not a condition that the President may recommend it before he does so in the case of a Money Bill or a Finance Bill but in this case unless a Bill is passed by the President .
In all other respects the procedure of such a Bill is the same as that of an ordinary Bill including the provision of a joint - sitting in case of disagreement between the two Houses .
The procedure for amendment of the Constitution ( Amendment ) Bill was laid down in Article 368 .
The Constitution does not provide for a separate constituent body . The power to amend the constitution is vested in Parliament .
A Bill for amending the Constitution may be introduced in either House of Parliament .
Such a Bill may be introduced by the government or by a private member .
Generally Constitution ( Amendment ) Bills brought forward by Ministers are introduced in the Lok Sabha .
Apart from being subject to ordinary rules applicable to Bills of a non - government member it is also necessary that a Committee on Private Members' Bills and Resolutions should examine and recommend for the introduction of a Bill in the House .
But it is not bound by the views so gained .
As a matter of custom a motion for leave to introduce a Bill of non - official member is not opposed .
If the motion for introduction is opposed on the ground that it is outside the legislative competence of the House the Chair may permit a full discussion thereon and thereafter put the motion for the decision of the House.
Ordinarily . a member can introduce four Bills in a session .
After a Bill is introduced in the Lok Sabha and before it is disposed of in the House the Committee on Private Members' Bills and Resolutions में the nature of the Bill and the category B .
In Lok Sabha the relative precedence of Bills in a particular category is determined by लोक .
The Bills are included in the List of Business.
In a parliamentary system the Legislature has to lay down the policies of the Government ; law - making work and oversee the administration to be monitored .
But the enormous range and complexity of legislation and administrative functions of a modern State make it almost impossible for the Legislature to adequately scrutinise legislative proposals and oversee administrative action .
While the government has vast and highly sophisticated administrative machinery and organisation manned by experts specialists and seasoned civil servants at its' disposal to undertake its complex tasks the Legislature finds itself severely handicapped .
Through parliamentary devices like questions and debates he can exercise very little control over the administration .
In order to make parliamentary surveillance more effective and meaningful the Parliament needs an agency which would trust the whole House .
This among other things the Parliament seeks to achieve through Parliamentary Committees composed of a small number of their members particularly in India .
The review of administrative action and the examination of numerous and complicated legislative proposals and subordinate legislation require expertise and close scrutiny that are not possible in the Lok Sabha consisting as it does of 545 members .
Ad hoc Committees Such Committees may be broadly put into two categories : ( a ) a Select or Joint Committee on Bills which may consider and report on particular Bills .
They differ from other ad hoc Committees to the effect that the Bills are referred to and the procedure followed by them is laid down by the Speaker in the light of the directions given to them by the Speaker or the Speaker in the particular case .
For instance a Committee was constituted in 1951 to go into the conduct of a member Shri H . G . Mudgal on a motion adopted by the लोक Lok Sabha .
Railway Convention Committee is appointed from time to time Joint Committee on Offices of Profit and any other Committee appointed by the House or by the Speaker or Chairman for some specific purpose are also other examples of such committees .
More recently important Joint Committees of the two Houses were formed on matters like salary allowances and pension समितियां for members the Bofors Gun Deal . the Bank Securities सौदा .
The Committees are constituted by members of the सदन Committees nominated by the House by proposing a motion or elected or by the Speaker or Chairman as the case may be deemed to be .
Select Joint Committees on a Bill are appointed on a motion adopted by the House .
All Financial Committees ( i . e . Public Accounts Committee . Estimates Committee on Public Undertakings ; . Committee on Public Undertakings , members of the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes are elected by the members every year in accordance with the system of proportional representation .
The remaining Committees are nominated by the Presiding Officer of the House .
While some of the Committees are constituted by each House separately others are constituted jointly by both the Houses .
Reports may be either preliminary or final.
The Committee may make a special report on a matter which may come to light during his work and consider it necessary to bring it to the notice of the Speaker or the House although such matter does not constitute the agenda of the Committee .
7 Committee Reports
Unless a report is presented to the House it is considered confidential ; it becomes a public document only after its presentation to the House .
financial
Although nearly two months of the Budget Session are devoted to this purpose discussions are neither very extensive nor deep .
In its anxiety to cover the whole field the observations perseverance and criticism by the Parliament have tended to be general repetitive and औपचारिक .
As the time available is short often demands relating to a number of ministries / departments are not discussed at all and the गिलोटिन is used .
The Financial Committees of the Parliament serve to undertake detailed scrutiny of governmental spending and performance thereby ensuring the accountability of the administration to Parliament in financial matters .
Implementation of a policy is more important than mere formulation.
The position of the Estimates Committee is different from the other two .
In this case the policy laid down by Parliament by means of a statute specified by Parliament or by specific resolutions and all other policies which are not so laid down .
In the latter case the governing body can freely examine any matter which has been decided by the government in the discharge of its executive duties .
The Committee may examine the working of the policy ; not the policy as approved by the Parliament .
Thus where it is found that the intended consequences of a particular policy are not coming out and therefore there is a waste of अपव्यय where it is the duty of an estimate committee to bring the shortcomings into light and to point out the need for changes in Parliament .
It consists of 22 members ( 15 from Lok Sabha ) and 7 from Rajya Sabha .
In accordance with the practice prevailing since 1967 a member of the Opposition is appointed as the Chairman of the Committee .
The Estimates Committee deals with estimates of public expenditure the धन and Public Accounts Committee deals with the accounts it is intended to ensure that the expenditure made by the House is allocated by the House for the purposes of which it is authorised by the Parliament .
If an extra expenditure has been incurred by the House for the purpose of any service during a financial year the Committee performs an enquiry into the circumstances on which such additional expenditure is incurred and is justified by it .
Such excesses are required to be brought before the House by the government for व्यय .
It may also record its opinion in the form of disapproval or pass निरनुमोदन against the extravagance or lack of proper control by the ministry / department concerned .
The Committee draws its subjects for examination from the audit reports of the Comptroller and Auditor - General of India relating to the accounts of the Union which are laid before each House of Parliament .
The Comptroller and Auditor - General of India who participates in the sittings of the Committee assists the Committee .
The Committee has two broad सीमाएं one that it is not concerned with the question of policy and the other its findings are ex post के .
In other words the Committee can point out irregularities only after they have taken place and the damage has been reached .
However the investigations of the , Committee are taken very seriously by the authorities .
The very fact of the existence of such a Committee has a deterrent effect on a possible administrative waste and extravagance .
The recommendations of the Committee have led to significant improvements in the fiscal system .
A सरकारी economic development for our country necessitated setting up of numerous industrial estates agricultural commercial and commercial ventures which are controlled and managed by the Government of India .
Thus a number of corporations and government companies , generally known as Public उपक्रम involving large sums of money .
Since the moneys invested in them are appropriated from the Consolidated Fund of India it becomes the responsibility of the Lok Sabha to have adequate control over their functions .
For this purpose a Committee on Public Undertakings consisting of 22 members elected from the Lok Sabha and 7 from the Rajya Sabha has been constituted by Parliament .
The Chairman of the Committee is appointed by the Speaker from among the members of the Committee drawn from the Lok Sabha .
The functions of the Committee are to examine the reports of the government undertakings specified in the Rules and reports of the Comptroller and Auditor General on them if any whether the business practices are carried out in accordance with the fair business principles and efficiency of the public enterprises .
These committees worked hard and in a planned manner and presented valuable reports .
The Constituent Assembly considered the reports of committees on Union Powers - LRB - Union Constitution - RRB - Union Powers - LRB - Union constitution - RRB - provincial constitution - LRB - Minorities - RRB - and on Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Castes .
Recommendations of the other Committees were later considered by the Drafting Committee .
The first draft of the constitution of India was prepared by the Advisory branch of the Constituent Assembly Office in October 1947 .
Before the draft was prepared a large number of infrastructural articles were collected and supplied to the members of the Constituent Assembly in the form of three volumes of constitutional amendment .
A large number of comments criticisms suggestions and suggestions were received for the amendment of the Draft constitution .
The Drafting Committee considered all these .
Two of the latest regular courses of the Bureau mainly for participants from abroad are the Parliamentary internship programme for parliamentary officials and the international legislative course .
Parliamentary Museum and Archives India has always accorded maximum importance to parliamentary institutions.
Of late . efforts are being made to harness all necessary resources for collecting and preserving for the present and future generations the country ' s rich heritage .
A beginning was made in 1976 when the Lok Sabha Secretariat set up a Parliamentary Archives of संसदीय and Films to preserve an authentic comprehensive complete and up - to - date pictorial record of the history of the institution of Parliament its activities and personalities.
A proposal for setting up a Parliamentary Museum and Archives was approved by the General Purposes Committee of the Lok Sabha on 1 August 1984 .
The basic purpose of the Parliamentary Museum and Archives is to secure from the present era of the Constitution and Parliament and all the precious records of the past the historical documents and objects from political accounts and institutions for the future generations through which they must have been destroyed .
At the current stage of its development it is concentrating on acquisition and building of comprehensive collections proper preservation of all its holdings and display of selected materials .
In due course it proposes to undertake other tasks devoted to dissemination of information on parliamentary institutions and the projection of a proper image of the Parliament by stimulating interest in its growth activities and its achievements .
The Centre for National उपलब्धियों Half National सभा ( हाफ ) General Purposes Committee in the Lok Sabha on 1 August 1984 endorsed a proposal for setting up a National Innovation Centre of National Achievement प्रस्ताव which was particularly achieved at the nation ' s स्वतंत्रता point .
It is proposed to present through exhibitions models photographs and other visual materials a panoramic view of India ' s achievements .
कृषि for के
वनों have found 34 species of termites in वनों compared to the soil from which forests have been cleared ; only one species is found .
These insects have great significance in their plant analysis and in providing nutrient support for growing plants which may adversely affect the soil and soil nature of these regions .
In areas where people live only on खेती can face disastrous consequences for खेती .
Paul ' s work will be important for understanding soil ecology in the tropical regions .
This can help to identify ways to enhance the quality of fertiliser by expanding the area under cultivation .
50 per cent of the Earth ' s surface lies below 2 kilometres of the sea but we know very little about the animals that live there .
The deep sea level has an area of approximately 2.7 million sq km ; we have only सर्वेक्षण of it .
Commercial fishing dumping industrial waste oil leaks and coastal development etc . are some of the threats to our oceans today .
We cannot afford to know the effects of all these activities on marine life .
They also hope that the achievements of the years to come will be better .
The Speaker of the Central Legislative Assembly was then called प्रेजीडेंट .
For a detailed discussion see the keynote paper presented by Dr. Subhash C. Kashyap on राष्ट्रमंडल and Training of Parliamentary Staff at the meeting of the Society of सोसाइटी - at - the - Table in Commonwealth Parliaments at राष्ट्रमंडल Canada in October 1985 .
Every House has its own character but there are some rules and conventions which are common to each House .
The Legislature is not just a club .
The conduct of its members has therefore to be characterised by a high standard of dignity grace mutual respect and courtesy as शक्तियां the place where all the competing forces in the polity are brought face - to - face for organised interaction.
Work in the House was to be systematically and efficiently disposed of and all shades of opinion and to achieve that purpose the atmosphere in society must be solemn and एवं .
Outside the House as well a member is expected to maintain a standard of conduct consistent with the dignity of his office .
It is not only important to adhere to some rules of etiquette regarding private practice by members in the working of the Parliament but also because of the decorum and courtesy of the Parliament and its members .
This would be neither natural nor desirable that there should be no disagreement on them .
It is necessary therefore to move through mutual exchange of views .
A member should not interrupt any member who is speaking by disorderly manner .
Although it may be good to make things clear or to talk to the president a reasonable time is likely to be faced with the problem of seeing a speech or challenging a statement which is often की .
Again questions and questions which are often प्रथा are not parliamentary practice and have been deprecated by the Speaker / Chairman .
Any point about his speech can be raised after he has finished his address .
Members should not normally converse among themselves in the Chamber but if this is necessary they can do so in a very low voice so as not to disturb the proceedings in the House .
A member should not sit or stand by his back to the Chair .
A member should not cross the floor or cross between the Chair and any member who is speaking.
When this rule is dissolved strongly objection is made by the Chairman .
12 The attraction of listening to one 's own voice is all the time but a good Parliamentarian speaks of another and holds on his own.
Visitors and दर्शक References to the presence of strangers.
But in appropriate cases members can mention the presence of distinguished foreign visitors in the Special Box of the House by the Speaker / Chairman and on such occasions the members can cheer those visitors by thumping their सदन .
Ordinarily however members should not applaud when a distinguished visitor enters any of the Galleries or the Special Box .
General Conduct in the House is not allowed to conduct any show or performance of any religious function in the precincts of Parliament such as hunger strikes सदन or भूख .
Alternatively as per parliamentary conventions the members cannot bring a धूम्रपान into the House on their shoulders grounds or allow them to appear on a ' शारीरिक ' coat ' or face a ' parent ' .
The powers of the Speaker / Chairman ; should not be criticised directly or indirectly inside or outside the House .
The authority to conduct the proceedings of the House as it has been given to the Speaker ( संचालन ) therefore the interpretation regarding the Rules and practices of the House to the Speaker / Chairman may be so contrary to any person .
The discussion of any member with him in the Speaker ' s room should not be carried out by that member in the press .
No notice should be propagated unless it has been admitted and circulated to the members .
If the Bill thinks that the matter is just and valid it will bring justice to the notice of the concerned officers or employees to the notice of the case it is unreasonable and not to interfere with it .
They are the following : to the people whether they are members or not because of breach of privilege or contempt of the House .
Trying to bribe a member of Parliament will be a breach of privilege.
A member can be suspended from the service of the House for a specified period or in a very serious case from the House .
It may be noted that he visited also Tiru - विष्णु and भी which are shrines of Vishnu and composed several songs in praise of the presiding deities of these places .
One day he returned from Tiruvottriyur to his brother ' s house .
He was standing by his sister - in - law for a plate .
He cooked his meal and went to bed .
His fame spread as a result of divine greed and लोगों ; when his transparent purity sincerity and eloquence drew people to him many eminent people .
मुदलियर who became his disciple in 1849 .
After Ramalinga ' s death he became Tamil Pandit in Presidency College Madras .
Ramalinga was free as much as Lord Buddha ( बुद्ध - बुद्ध - बुद्ध - बुद्ध - पू - पू D . 1836 .
From his birth he had no desire for material possessions wealth or pleasure .
In a song he says to God :
They pay homage to हैं हैं .
Nothing is known about her life .
In Madras Ramalinga ' s life was literary activity .
The first twelve years upto 1835 may be described as the period of मंदिर ( the temple of Kanda ) where he identified himself as a devotee and composed songs in the temple of God Kartikeya .
The next twenty - two years till 1858 may be described as the period of Tiruvottriyur when he identified himself as a devotee of Lord Tyagaraja ( the ascetic aspect of Siva ) and composed songs in his praise .
Numerous disciples religious heads heads heads of monasteries poets and scholars in Tamil and Sanskrit , rural and provincial अधिकरी government officials people of importance and unlettered people gathered round him as a yogic adept and spiritual master and a scholar .
During this period of his life he edited some of his early poems and wrote two prose works .
He sang so many songs about Nataraja and to Nataraja that a representative example is difficult to choose from them .
This is diametrically opposed to the survival of the fittest which operates in natural evolution.
The judge too moved as if to rise but remembering the judicial convention .
Starting the proceedings he asked Navalar why he stood up .
The judge said " Hey ! you stand still .
So you maintain that they are honourable 1 you should not have filed the case .
We may take the story of the book Tiru - से - pa to its close although it may take us ahead of the chronological schedule at this point .
The first four chapters published during Ramalinga ' s life - time are still in so far .
In the fifth chapter there are songs composed in the course of his stay in भगवान which are sung in the praise of Lord Muruga of 1880 in 1880 .
The poems composed by Ramalinga in Vadalur and Mettukuppam for publishing which his permission had not been obtained were published as the sixth section in 1885 by रामलिंग Chettiar of लोकनाथ as a result of the efforts of रामलिंग Mudaliar of रामलिंग and रामलिंग Naicker of Bangalore .
Uran का writes in Tamil Nadu रामलिंग 'To those who have not been blessed to see रामलिंग it is for him to say that Ramalinga was such a person his colour such a picture would be futile .
It is said that the blessed saint had a body which transcended Photography .
It was not even visible to their shadow .
Ramalinga surprisingly as against the religious poets is a आत्मकथात्मक poet who often shows his experiences in life lively and picturesque to his circumstances .
They also point to their physical characteristics habits dress and costume .
He refers to his white dress in a verse which also speaks of .
This walking picture of Ramalinga brings out the quintessence .
The Constitution of India has been variously described .
as Dr .
Ambedkar said There are two serious weaknesses of , अनम्यता and विधिवाद अनम्यता .
The Indian system is unique in that it created a dual polity with a single Indian citizenship which could be both unitary and federal according to the needs of time and circumstances .
Under article 249 the Parliament of the Union may invade the State List .
The Legislature under Articles 356 and 357 356 Under the failure of the constitutional machinery in a State may take all its executive and legislative powers in the Union depending on the States in an utterly unitary form subject to Article 352 .
Finally अनुच्छेद i . e . the Parliament of the Union under Articles 2 राज्य 3 and 4 can by ordinary law passed by simple majority and alter the boundaries or names of the existing States .
Moving the Draft Constitution for adoption by the Constituent Assembly the Chairman of the Drafting Committee राज्य the Union and the States ( ऊनिओन् ) Dr.
The text of the Constitution did not anywhere use the word Federal or या .
करूंगुझी Chettiar , as a part of Ramalinga 's admirers used to come to Karunguzhi from Cuddalore - LRB - then called गुरू - RRB - to see his master.
रामलिंग had his brother cured of an indolent sore on the tongue by the grace of Ramalinga he placed his hospitality at Ramalinga ' s service .
One day in the verandah of the बरामदे ' verandah there was a dispute between two men about fate and action or so they argued for a long time .
Once an ascetic went naked in the streets .
A certain man व्यक्ति look at his केले and gave him a plantain leaf .
The second man was enraged at having thrown the ascetic sunk in front of the women raising a stone and threw him away with a stone and the third person was overwhelmed by the sight of it and he threw it on the honey to the judge .
I have brought them to you ; as one with the other ' s action .
Without going through that stage it was not possible to attain the ultimate realisation .
उपनिषद् ) ( उपनिषद् )
The Atman of him who wisely employs all these means enters the state of Brahman. .
You must have a घैर्य .
It is said that the room was locked for several days and nothing was seen or heard of him before he came back .
बौद्धिक in the शरीरों bodies as described above the limitations of the first ( micro - body ) like the बुढापा age is different from those of the शरीरिक because the second cannot be seen or perceived .
Finally a sculptor from पण्णुरूट्टी made a clay statue and showed it to him .
It is said Ramalinga remarked 'So the golden body has become माटी .
And there ' s no death for me .
Therefore it is right that you trust their holy words , you recognize Truth behind them and assert their truth by opposing all their ritual कर्मकांडो
He exhorted them:
What is the nature of those powers that transcends us and guides us ?
You may likewise gain divine life if you likewise give up all this .
Indeed the भारतीय Veda Sanmarga Sangam founded by him may be considered to be the Indian counterpart of the Theosophical Society founded ten years later in 1875 in New York .
Like the पुरूषों Hindu religion one feels that through perfect purity and relentless effort a man can combine himself from that supreme element ; it is to the men of knowledge known as the Mahatma or the पुरूषों who attribute it to them the particular intuition .
He considers these as accretions and मिथ्था and dismisses them.
He even removed the word veda संगम from the original name of his Society .
He has described the good of God as the path to which he belongs to life and world .
The Theosophical Society was founded on 7 September 1875 in New York by Helena सोसाइटी Blavatsky - LRB - 1831 - 91 - RRB - who claimed repeatedly that he was called by the promoters of Tibet to preach to the people .
Col. Henry S. एस0 was the first President of the Society and Madame Blavatsky the first Secretary of State .
रामलिंग Velayuda Mudaliar the first and most distinguished pupil of Ramalinga met Madame Blavatsky and Col. मुदलियार when they were in Madras.
At that time Velayuda Mudaliar was a Tamil Pundit in Presidency College Madras.
Our loyal friend while writing these lines thought that his assertion would one day be endorsed by thousands of proof .
But we are not willing to part with the go - mad because we do not want to repeat what the देश has done and at least to read the तिब्बती statement which we have read here and we do not ask for some of our समाज .
Following the statement of Velayuda Mudaliar is a comment by Madame Blavatsky also reproduced in The जुलाई - 1882 issue of July 1882
This is one of the cases of previous fore - telling of a coming event which is least of all open to suspicions of कि .
The honourable character of the evidence was the wide campaign of the योगी of his Master and the establishment of the Theosophical Society by some of its योगी and the establishment of any of its योगी in India which proved this fact .
In March 1873 we were directed to proceed from Russia to Paris .
In June we were directed to proceed to the United States where we arrived on July 6 .
This is the time when Ramalinga was predicting the future events .
The aspirant needs to meditate on the inner sun or inner light of consciousness in three states : the fire within man - consciousness is the replica of the inner sun and the outer sun .
This inner consciousness is the common core in all प्राणीयों .
The following extracts from the का Upanishad ( the ब्राह्मण Brahman or section of the third chapter are remarkable for their sublimity will help us to understand the meaning of the अशं गायत्री .
He who dwells in the sun ( आदित्य ) or in the sun ( the moon ) which the sun does not know whose body the sun is and who rules the sun within he is your Self the Ruler within the immortal.
He who dwells in the moon and stars . and within the moon and stars whom the moon and stars do not know whose body the moon and stars are शरीर . His soul is there the Ruler within the immortal.
He who dwells in the light ( शरीर ) and within the light whom the light does not know whose body the light is शरीर and who rules the light within he is your Self the Ruler within the immortal.
He who dwells in all beings and within all beings प्राणियों whom all beings do not know whose body the body is all beings प्राणी he is your Self the Ruler within the immortal.
He who dwells in the mind and within the mind . and within the mind whom the mind does not know whose body the mind is and who rules the mind within he is your Self the Ruler within the immortal.
Returning from school at half - past he found the व्यायाम waiting for him to give him an hour ' s practice .
As soon as he left he came across the drawing master .
Then the boy picked up his lessons in the evening and began his studies in the light of an oil - lamp.
But after a while he was reading he would have left much more than he had been reading .
He has recalled this ordeal in his life : " Books tell us that the discovery of fire was one of the greatest discoveries of man .
But I can also tell a great deal of a deep feeling how big the birds have to tell their parents that their lamps do not burn in the evening .
He has to remember his lesson only in the morning and how gleefully he learn . "
The servant who was in charge of the child ' s eating house was named पीने .
He हिस्सा part of his food हिस्सा .
He would follow every व्यंजन and ask the hungry boy in a stern voice " What more do you want ?
It created a new mood of envy and distrust .
They said that it was a stolen goods . "
In the autumn of 1872 - 73 when Rabi was eleven years and nine months old the Maharshi personally presided over the यज्ञोपवीत with the sacred thread of his two young sons रवीन्द्र रवीन्द्र रवीन्द्र and Rabindra and his grandson रवीन्द्र .
He was kept shut in a three - day हवेली festival at the third floor of the haveli to deliberate over the mystery of life and the world ; the twice - born children respond to the के and धमकाया of their शरारतों .
The splendid cadence and लय of this वैदिक verse appealed strongly to his feeling for rhythm and रहस्यात्मक .
But the shaven head was for the time being a source of no little embarrassment the more so as shortly before the ceremony he was admitted to an English school called Bengal School .
The shaven head was sure to be a target of के of the irreverent Anglo - Indian comrades .
At last they reached their cottage at बकरोटा perched on the top of a mountain .
The boy was now free to wander about and feast his eyes on the loveliness and grandeur of the Himalayas spread out before him .
He took the iron - छडी stick in his hand and विचरता it from peak to peak .
The father kept no guard on him .
To the end of his life ' as the grateful son had said he never stood in the way of our freedom .
On many occasions I did say or did what was contrary to his temperament or to his decision and he could promptly say but he preferred to wait till he was inspired by himself .
We could not satisfy our passive consent or approval to what is true and proper ; he wanted us to love truth with all self - discipline and he knew that love without love is empty .
He knew that truth even when भटक from the path which could be found ; but a forced and blind admission from the outside बाधा बाधा this path .
Early in the morning long before the sun rose he woke up the boy and practised with him the Sanskrit word .
After Sanskrit lessons the father and son used to take the milk glass in the morning .
The Maharshi would then chant verses from the Upanishads the boy listening spell - bound by the sonorous flow .
Meanwhile the sun would rise above the eastern peak and both would come out in the morning .
Returning home the father gave him an hour ' s lesson in English followed by a bath in icy - cold water .
Four months thus spent in the company of his father away from the dull routine of home and school the days were not only the happiest days of his boyhood but the most prosperous and source of his early education .
The immediate effect was that when he returned to Calcutta he was no longer a boy .
He was a dream like देवी dreams described in legends about Gods and Goddesses and was used by heroes and sages - as read in books .
" I could not say that my head was बुद्धि . "
He was now the centre of attraction for his mother ' s open - air gatherings on the roof - terrace in the evening .
Here he recited his stories and recited poems and astounded the audience with the little information he received from his father .
But the biggest feather in his cap was his recitation of the Ramayana in the original Sanskrit .
The ladies knew of this epic in its Bengali version and the original Ramayana was a mystery to all who knew it .
The proud mother would खुशामद him but your son Rabi may read to us . "
No coaxing was required .
The prodigy was only too eager to astound the audience among whom was the youngest daughter - in - law of the family whose admiration he craved most.
But if he imagined that his new status would earn him an exemption from attendance at school he was mistaken.
Soon after he changed his school once again and was admitted to St. Xavier स्कूल no better consequence .
For the teaching here was as dull and mechanical as in the previous schools but with the observance of religious rites the atmosphere was even more callous and formal .
Finally in 1875 at the age of fourteen he gave up going to school .
But the school - inspector did not waste his time .
He was determined to cheer him up in his own way .
The family atmosphere was congenial for such wayward pursuit of knowledge .
Poet and scholar समाजसुधारक musicians and philosophers artists and social reformers geniuses and समाजसुधारक were all there in the family and more came in from outside .
He was then 13 years and ten months .
Though this was his first contact with death and the loss of this remarkable lady must have been deeply दुख by the family the bereavement did not leave any marked impression on Rabi ' s mind .
The second wife . his elder brother कादम्बरी and his loving wife कादम्बरी who has been mentioned as the new sister - in - law उंडेल poured all their affection on the young boy and the first one feels his fat home .
Ravi had a sense of satisfaction and at the tender age of his adolescence . He had received a friend and guide not only to अव्यवस्थित his wayward genius but also to his mother ' s संगिनी sister - in - law .
She was young enough to marry किशोर and on similar occasions invited her young brother - in - law to partake of the feast.
She was a good cook and fed him with dishes which were unknown in the list of ब्रजेश्वर .
She would make him assist her in household hobbies in cutting betel - nuts or in laying out in the sun to dry finely cut mango slices which make a delicious pickles .
She poured affection on him but used to express झिडक deliberately for his mistake so that the bright boy was conscious of his ability .
If he read it he merely smiled to him and remarked how much better other poets had written.
And when I had freed myself entirely I had nothing but sorrow . "
Jyotirindranath took the young brother with him on his tour of the family estates at Shelidah in north east Bengal and taught him to ride and took him on the tiger hunting with him several times .
The jungle was dense and in its lights and shadows the tiger refused to show himself.
A rough बांस kind of ladder was raised and a चढे climbed up to the top of the gun .
I had not even that poor instrument - in which the lion could be beaten up or let down .
After long straining of his चश्मे eyes the , at last caught a glimpse of its markings in the घनी tree .
It roared furiously biting at all the sticks and twigs within reach and lashing its tail .
I understood he was going to die because it was not the nature of tigers to wait so long and patiently to be killed .
I also knew that somebody may not put some opium into its food the previous night .
This child - poet had to move his way through a series of deliberate व्यस्तता and to chase many such बाल before he made his way .
It is in fact the story of a poet like कवि - कवि who is a poet of spiritual bewilderment and alarm .
The poem begins with a highly आदर्शवादी image of a poet ' s childhood who is reared in the lap of nature a mother and a companion for him as he is .
He feels that nature is more than a mere handful of प्रऋति its own purpose is that of the laws which will explain their secrets only to the reader who will continually study it .
And so happily passes through days which are equally divided into love and nature and its variations so long as this moderate style cannot feel the meaning of a human being and the heart is bound to end with an increasing emptiness of his life .
He wanders disconsolate in the forest and chances upon a maiden with whom he falls in love .
Her name is Nalini - a name which was always dear to Tagore .
The poet is happy at first but soon lost interest in the pleasures of love and प्रेम .
A restlessness seizes him he leaves Nalini in search of what he himself does not know and wanders in the big world of things .
When he returns नलिनी although still disconsolate he finds that Nalini pining away in his absence is on her death - bed .
It was during this period that he composed his own music for his songs .
Such a pattern of architecture grew in a literary and musical form in which words were first used and the tunes followed by the tune and also the rhythmic pattern that rose throughout his life in a characteristic manner in him throughout his life .
On the whole he composed over two thousand songs words and music which are sung in Bengal on almost every conceivable occasion and have a popular appeal .
It was in Ahmedabad too that he first thought of the plot of one of his कहानियों beautiful stories पाषाण ' .
Staying in the house where the stones had been mute witnesses of scenes of पत्थर and intrigue redolent of the Arabian Nights his fancy free to wander खुशबू up pictures of those days .
After he had stayed in Ahmedabad for a few days his elder brother realised that he would be good for Tagore to prepare himself better and to be more and more fit in with English if he could live in English .
So he sent Rabi to Bombay to stay with the family of a Marathi friend Dr डा पांडुरंग पांडुरंग an eminent physician and a social reformer of advanced ideas .
The burden of " learned " Rabi fell on the very beautiful and young daughter of the family who had lived in England and was of a high degree of sophistication .
Anna her full name was Annapurna .
मि आदमी ' s man was even more unique though this was somewhat less pathetic than the Latin tutor .
The other members of the family were his gentle small wife and his domestic dog .
Whenever बार्कर wanted to tell his wife he would harass the poor dog .
He sat silent and उदास on the dinner so that the मेहमान would be further confused .
Mrs बार्कर would mumble back I wish you were a little more . "
" But I said " I opposed किया " .
" But I have n ' t heard of it " said a पत्नी wife .
What 's my mistake in जाते ?
A . R . ब्लेकशीड tried to fix the perception and parameters of secularism in the West but failed to arrive at a fully viable and acceptable definition .
Secular State must have nothing to do with religious affairs except when their management involves crime fraud or becomes a threat to unity and integrity of the state .
On the contrary the शासन or शासन ruled by a man of autocratic rule .
The basic characteristics of democracy are that of the people irrespective of their caste creed caste creed colour or sex or creed and beyond discrimination of the individual and economy which they may think fit into the law and which every individual is to declare .
In a democracy the people are supposed to be their own master .
They have an inalienable right to rule themselves or to be ruled in the way they like and by the people they choose .
Democracy also recognises the fact that from time immemorial human beings have been fighting with each other for power or for supremacy.
Democracy tries to substitute a more civilised manner of fighting.
It represents ways and means of संघर्ष the armed conflict .
In ancient Indian Village Republics and the Greek City States all the citizens assembled together and decided issues of governance .
From the British Commonwealth it became the Commonwealth of Nations .
The Commonwealth specifically recognised India ' s position as a sovereign independent republic .
It has therefore no bearing on the sovereign democratic or republican nature of the State .
Social and economic democracy : Democracy conceived merely from a political point of view is that every citizen has the right to freely vote in elections which are at regular times .
The 'one man one man one वोट principle applied in all democratic elections emanated from the recognition of equal rights to all men - whether highly educated or illiterate industrialists or labourers.
For our founding fathers however democracy did not mean merely political democracy or the people ' s right to periodically vote to elect their representatives .
Without social and economic democracy political democracy had no meaning in a poor country like India .
Dr .
Ambedkar social and economic democracy was the real aim and ultimate goal .
He said that parliamentary democracy was meaningless unless it was geared to achieving the real goal of economic democracy .
Jawaharlal Nehru had observed later that Democracy of his conception was only a means to an end.
The end is that everyone has a quality life which needs some essential economic needs .
As democracy succeeds in solving the economic problems in the same measure it succeeds in the political field .
If the economic problems are not solved then the political structure tends to weaken and crack .
It is clarified by the words of the Preamble which speak of securing " social justice to all citizens of the Republic .
Justice means व्यक्तियों of interests between the individuals between the individuals between groups and those of individuals on the one hand and those of the community on the other .
Most significantly the Preamble places Justice higher than the other principles of Liberty Equality and fraternity .
The concept of Justice in the Preamble is indeed very wide .
It is not confined to the narrow legal justice as administered by courts .
Social justice implies that all citizens are treated as equal and their status in society is no consideration in matters of justice because of birth caste creed race caste sex creed sex - respect sex title etc.
Article 15 prohibits discrimination or disability in the matter of access to public places .
Social justice is the aim of all the provisions relating to humane conditions of work maternity relief leisure promoting economic interests and the relaxation of the deprived classes the relaxation of forced labour and so on .
Economic justice is expected to treat rich and poor in a way and to bridge the gap between them .
In pursuance of the objective of economic justice - LRB - article 39 - RRB - directed the State to ensure that adequate means of livelihood to citizens are not provided by adequate means of livelihood to ensure that children are not given equal rights and so on .
In fact various other articles in Part IV of the Constitution ( articles 36 to 51 ) are also directed towards securing a new social and economic order imbued with justice .
The concept embodied in our Preamble is only that of equality of status and opportunity .
Legal matters are social security political and economic aspects .
All citizens are equal before law and enjoy equal protection of the laws of the country .
All citizens are equally entitled to enjoy the political rights to vote and participate in the process of governance .
Equality in economic sector means a simultaneous salary for one ' s ability and work .
Further का will not exploit one man or one class other persons or classes .
The concept of equality of status and opportunity has been given concrete substance and shape in articles 14 to 18 .
न्याय justice equality is relevant and meaningful in so far as they promote the brotherhood of Indian fraternity the son of a single Mother India and it promote the idea of communal harmony religious and many other जातीय .
Provisions relating to common citizenship are directed towards strengthening Indian fraternal feelings and building a strong Indian brotherhood .
The fundamental rights guaranteed to all citizens without any discrimination and the Directive Principles directed at achieving social and economic equality are also designed to promote fraternity .
It goes beyond separation of religion and politics freedom of religion equality of respect for all religions etc .
Unfortunately not enough importance has been given to the concept by न्यायाधीशों न्यायाधीशों and judges .
Speaking on the need for the recognition of the principle of fraternity Dr .
Ambedkar said in the Constituent Assembly What is the meaning of fraternity ?
There is also an international aspect of fraternity which leads us to the concept of universal brotherhood the ancient Indian ideal of universal brotherhood .
This has been elaborated in article 51 of the Constitution under the Directive Principles .
The purpose behind it was to secure for all citizens a just and fair standard of living by guaranteeing the basic rights of liberty equality etc and by issuing the laws as Directive Principles to the State for ensuring a fair standard of living to all citizens .
No wonder the Supreme Court found that the Preamble contained some of the basic features of the Constitution which could not be altered even by an amendment of the Constitution under article 368 .
The princely States with legislatures were put in Part B .
Part C included five centrally administered states .
The islands of Andaman and Nicobar were mentioned in Part D .
Andhra was created as a separate State on linguistic basis by the Andhra Act आंध्र 1953 .
The traditional concept of equality was challenged in the case of राज्य v. State of Tamil Nadu ( AIR 1974 SC 1974 ) and a new dimension was given to it by Justice अय्यर and Justice है .
From a प्रत्यक्षवादी point of view , equality is के to निरंकुशता .
One relates to the rule of law in a republic while the others are concerned with the राज्य and मनमानेपन of an autocratic state .
Where an act is arbitrary it is implicit that it is unequal both in political logic and constitutional law and is therefore violation of article 14 .
In the later decisions were Mahatma Gandhi v. Union of India - LRB - Union AIR 1975 SC रामन - RRB -.
The doctrine of classification which has been developed by the courts is not नहीं of article 14 nor is it the objective and purpose of that article.
It is only a judicial formula for determining whether the legislative or executive action of the Union is arbitrary and therefore constituting denial of equality .
The reasonableness of restrictions has to be determined not on abstract considerations but in an objective manner and from the point of view of persons upon which the restrictions are imposed ( हनीफ हनीफ हनीफ v. State हनीफ AIR 1958 SC प्रतिबंधों ) .
It is the effect of a law which really constitutes the test of its reasonableness ; its object whether good or bad is immaterial for this purpose .
राज्य Prasad Lakshmi Narayan v. State of Uttar Pradesh AIR 1954 SC 227 224 .
The restrictions imposed in implementing the Directive Principles of State Policy have been held to be reasonable ( Bombay State v. f .
Freedom of speech and expression is a sine qua non of the functioning of a democratic state .
Democracy means a government by persuasion and unless there is freedom for discussion of political and other matters the polity could not be called democracy .
( Ramesh थापर v. State of Madras AIR 1950 SC 124 ) .
The Diary has some amusing descriptions of the passengers trying to kill time .
His eyes too must have wandered or else how could he have seen all these things ?
English girls would be glad to read what he noted in his Diary about their grandmothers .
, the patriot of my country I hope you will be sorry for this if I may say something of praise for the beautiful faces of this earth his red lips his nose and his eyes reflect the blue of the sky.
Once again he admires the European society in which women had made a fair measure of their sense of independence and helped to strengthen the nation and offer the only line of service and to offer स्त्रियों to the Indian society .
I do not want a throne to me on the dais to sit on the same bench with my audience and try to listen as they will .
I do want to know exactly what his true feeling for despair is and when he does not approve of my writing and when I say that I do not wish to believe it .
Ten years earlier he had said in one of his songs : ' They ' call you mad .
Wait for tomorrow and keep quiet .
He will bring a garland of flowers . "
And tomorrow took a long time .
When Tagore is neutral - minded and indifferent to emotions writes भावनाओं रवीन्द्रनाथ and पूर्वाग्रहों is one of the reasons why a great scholar who is बह and बह .
There are only four chapters and four characters in this work one of them tells the story .
" What he sets out about China after ? And what he said is also worthy of र्है : " Far from seeing in the देश a synthesis of ऊर्जा and ऊर्जा I have gathered from the great nation . "
And when this powerful force gets its modern vehicle सामना in other words when science comes under its control what is then the force in the world to fight it ?
Then the talent for dealing with the resources will go hand in hand .
All the nations that are now enjoying the fruits of the earth dread that awakening of China and want to put off that day unwelcome for them .
He stayed in Japan for over three months visiting places .
He has made a note of this in his diary : " Until I have come here I have not heard anyone singing on the road : " The hearts of these people flutter not like a spring but fly not burn like a lake .
All the poems I have hitherto heard are picture - songs not song - poems .
The influence of these poems remarkable for their brevity may have worked on his mind when he yielded to the requests of young ladies to पंखों something on their fans .
It is freedom of thought and action - not tutelage under European स्कूली .
It is science and not its wrong application in life . "
But his words fell on deaf ears for was he not the poet of a nation defeated and subject ?
In September 1916 Tagore sailed for समुद्री .
The lectures delivered during the second visit to the United States were published in two volumes .
The latter volume of lectures which evoked the appreciation of the divine aspects of their art education philosophy and human personality gave Tagore deep रवीन्द्रनाथ and were सराहना by the American press in a rather aggressive denunciation of tyrants as शैतानी .
The Detroit Journal warned the people against such sickly दिमागी mental poison with which Tagore would corrupt the minds of the youth of the great United States . "
Owing to the busy programmes of his travels and the overpowering influence of American life and his health deteriorated during his stay in San Francisco .
Some क्रांतिकारी young Indians more patriotic than intelligent belonging to a revolutionary organisation known as the ' गदर ' Party ' had misconstrued his denunciation of nationalism as betrayal of Indian nationalist aspirations .
A few years ago the British Government awarded Tagore the title of ' Night ' and these author ब्रिटिश together understood that it was an Indian Night ' who was sent to the United States for him a name .
The British authorities on the other hand were uneasy and सशंकित of Tagore ' s uncompromising denunciation of war and were apprehensive of the possible effect of his speeches on the American mind .
He was therefore not averse to encouraging rumours that the Indian poet was being used as a tool of German propaganda to alienate American sympathy From the British and Allied war effort .
Thus made the innocent target of mud कीचड from both camps Tagore was deeply hurt and humiliated and felt for the first time much to return home .
He terminated his contract for the lecture - tour prematurely and sailed for Japan in January 1917 .
After a month ' s stay in Japan Tagore returned to India in March 1917 .
There he did not see the face of aggressive युवक but of repressed nationalism being trampled under foot by his own country whose youth were dying elsewhere in defence of their own nation .
He was once again being drawn into the political arena of which the stormy centre was no longer confined to Bengal .
He was all too important to be left alone but as usual when he saw his people that were being disturbed he kept silent .
कलक
One of these letters विवाद written in reply to Gandhi ' s query is of particular interest in the language controversy in India which has persisted to this day .
He fully agreed that Hindi is the possible national language for India ' s economic relations which must have continued to bear in mind the necessity of an alien language for its स्वेच्छया and undue विदेशी
The political situation in the country was getting worse day by day .
For lack of adequate constructive channels the भूमिगत of the Bengali youth driven underground was exploding in terrorist activities .
The British Government now confident of victory in Europe प्रतिशोध प्रतिशोध
Violence must be put down with greater violence and hatred met with greater violence .
This age - old philosophy of power was working its दर्शन .
But occasions come when to remain in the shelter of one ' s own special activity becomes a crying shame.
In particular when I have come to know by a reliable source of inhuman treatment with a diplomatic prisoner - I am compelled to write this letter again .
These stories were written only when they first saw the trials and tribulations of their eldest daughter and his untimely death and so their personal sorrow was clearly pronounced in these stories झेला with all their sufferings and sorrow .
में to the joint Hindu family can be seen in these stories which is difficult elsewhere because it is beyond any विद्वेष of the character of the daughter - in - law .
Since she is dying she refuses all medicine for living itself has become a disease which alone can save her .
Soon she returns home a widow and grows into an attractive woman .
Seeing her daughter ' s wasted youth her mother ' s heart तोड and dies till she serves her father .
But the old rheumatic widower cannot do with out a wife and goes off to marry a young bride having found adequate sanction .
When he returns the house is empty and the girl child is gone out with a neighbour a doctor who had always loved him and whom he was loved in return .
The angry father is horrified at her wickedness and curses her .
The messenger of freedom will himself no longer be free .
He had won the world and the world in turn had won him .
He wanted to find his home everywhere in the world and be able to find the world at his home .
And so the tiny school at Santiniketan became a university Visva - Bharati. a centre of Indian culture - a centre of Indian studies a place for eastern studies and a meeting place of the west .
The poet chose as its motto a Sanskrit verse: Yatra " eka - संस्कृत - where the whole world meets in one nest .
The idea had दिमाग in his mind during his last tour of Japan and the United States and he made his first public announcement on 22 December 1918 at a public meeting at Santiniketan .
About the same day three years later this University was formally inaugurated .
The University like its predecessor the School was the product of a poet ' s mind and like a dream when it was made he became a symbol of the future .
Tagore believed : " It is the duty of every caste to keep alight its own lamp of mind as its part in the illumination of the world .
Of course it was necessary for him to combine the commercial and the resources of both the advertising and the resources but far more important were his personal and personal needs .
In a letter written on 15 April 1918 he makes it clear that you have read in books that some birds live in groups at certain times and fly away .
I am such a bird .
From time to time something calls me from beyond the ocean and my wings उडान .
He made an extensive tour of south India visiting several towns where he lectured on his educational ideals .
At the same time he visited western India and presided over the Gujarati Literary Conference in Ahmedabad and spent some time in the new asrama on the bank of Sabarmati .
It was the period 1917 - 19 hectic with political and educational activities that characterised his literary creation .
During these years only two original and important works could be written in Bengali : one of them was published in 1918 - 22 1922 - LRB - बंग्ला - RRB - and the other published long later in 1922 .
Though comparatively meagre in volume the character of his Bengali compositions of the period reveals a very high quality of thought imagination and feeling and marks a new departure in technique and technique .
है is referred to above .
The second book is 1919 ( written in 1919 ) a different kind .
If there are a few descriptive poems some satirical pieces some satirical and some satirical pieces some .
They are written in prose but it is a prose which has a charm of poetry with rhythm and music .
It is possible that the author wanted consciously to capture in Bengali prose the अनगढ beauty of rhythm and expression he had unconsciously achieved in his English translation of ' Gitanjali .
On the other hand these compositions were a wonderful reminder of those prose poems which were first written in his memory after his death of thirty - five years in 1884 and which were published in his memory as गद्य गद्य .
There is no self - pity no undercurrent of grievance in these स्मृतियों which are instinct with wisdom which comes of sorrow that has now turned into ' विषाद ' .
The parents of the girl threw their feet down the meeting and down the line when they threatened suicide and the last chapter in the novel was to be swept away with the परिणय celebration and the story was sold at शिलिंग per edition .
He sought to please his muse and like Arjuna of पुरुष - रवीन्द्रनाथ within Tagore to spread his activities to a great standard of living among people .
The artist in him too lived in चरागाहों fresh pastures and in search of an inseparable parts of expression .
The poet ' s imagination anticipation of his firm support through observation of reality like a tender creeper in the firm base of a tree gets बढती and gradually बढती to its place .
Life in the village brought him in direct contact with the soil of his land and the daily prosaic matter - of - fact business of looking after the estates enabled him to see how the vast majority of his people lived.
His affection was aroused by him and the love helped him to understand his helplessness and begged him to act as if a mother was to her innocent child .
They are the big and unfortunate children of the Creator who has to have two handfuls of grain food grains or they will be destroyed .
When the breasts of mother - earth dry up all they can do is to cry.
As soon as the hunger is somewhat appeased they forget everything . "
He writes in another letter : " If there is any undercurrent of attempts connecting the minds of all men then my heart is a deep concern for them which he will go to them and do their welfare . "
ब्रह्मा logic and scientific instances led man to Brahma that the horse was not fit for freedom and it is precisely for the man to know how to use it .
The Old Man ' s Ghost is obsession with Past which rides on the shoulders of Present subjecting the welfare of the living to a vain glorification of national culture and an करता dread of change .
" Truth is the same to all nations " he had said“ but every nation has its lies which it speaks of as its idealism . "
He translated portions of these lectures into French and had used them in his articles during the war .
When the war was over he requested Tagore in June 1919 to sign the Declaration of Independence which Romain Rolland had drafted on behalf of the European artists and intellectuals.
This shameful World War which marked Europe ' s failure is marked by fine यूरोप and has made it so obvious that Europe alone cannot save itself .
Her idea needs Asia ' s thought precisely as Asia has enriched itself with European ideas .
Is that non - violence ?
The distinction between these two great men of modern India has been explained by Remain Holland who could appreciate and admire the minds of both .
In his own words the controversy between Tagore and Gandhi is that of two great seers which are filled with mutual respect and admiration but he had different ideas as a philosopher needed from a different church a धर्म .
On the one hand we have the spirit of religious faith and the desire to create a new humanity on the other we have the intellect the free conscious the calm and the liberal figure which seeks to unite all hopes and aspirations of all humanity .
Tagore had always been a saint and I have often heard him speak of him with veneration.
When I spoke about the Mahatma Tolstoy Tagore pointed out to me and I realise it now that I know Gandhi better how much more through the weight of revolution and the आत्मा spirit of Tolstoy .
His nature is humility simplicity and purity while all his struggles are hallowed by religious tranquility while everything was violent in the fierce fighter against human passion .
At that time Tagore was not only the poet " but the spiritual ambassador of Asia in Europe where he sought the help of people to make a university in Santiniketan .
रवीन्द्रनाथ irony of destiny that he should be preaching cooperation between प्राच्य and Orient at one end and at that time non - cooperation was being preached .
And yet in his reply so proud and so poignant there was nevertheless something that justified Tagore ' s आशांकाओं ( जबरदस्ती ) to compel him to stand still by जबरदस्ती .
Without any discussion the law of Swadeshi the first command of which is the चरखा . "
Tagore was a man whose personality and character he deeply respected and whose desire for freedom and vision failed to carry with him the विवाद - शांतिनिकेतन who went back to his favourite retreat to Santiniketan for relaxation .
Had he not earlier admonished himself: " If you cannot march in step with your compatriots in the greatest crisis of their history beware of saying they are in the wrong and; you in the हैं .
Leave your place at it and go back to your poet ' s corner and be prepared to meet with ridicule and public disgrace. "
In the darkness of defeat he heard a voice ; everywhere you were with children playing on the river banks of the world and I am there with you .
As a result a series of poems were about which were later published in 1922 in 1922 as दिमाग Bholanath ' memory of the child .
The dejection from which he sought relief in these poems had in fact begun earlier in New York where he had felt a prisoner in the कैदी of the Castle of कैदी .
They were wailing and विलाप .
I dream of Santiniketan a day which blossoms like a flower in the atmosphere of unbounded freedom .
His first practical experiments in that field were conducted for the benefit of the peasants of his family estates .
Many years later when he was implementing his educational experiments in Santiniketan he founded a parallel institution adjacent to the educational colony and named it ग्रामीण nucleus for experiments in rural community development .
Himself a leading intellectual among his people his chief concern as a poet was for fifty years from 1890 to 1941 .
Thanks to their limited resources they could make it possible for the farmers to build schools and hospitals hospitals roads and reservoirs for themselves - to develop corporate practices and banks and encourage small self - government codes and to develop the system of self - government .
While the peasants got loans at cheap interest the school received a fixed annual income .
In one case the liberal zamindar was so anxious about the welfare of his masters : the life of the architects the joy and sorrow his fortitude and his ability to sacrifice his living for the most part of his life and his patron .
Always seeking the great in the small he found ample material in the lives of the common people for his stories .
While my companion was the eternal Piper this Spirit of sport I was nearest to the heart of the world .
I knew his mother - tongue and what I sang was caught up by the chorus of the wind and water .
But the schoolmaster in the midst of my dream - world came and I was foolish enough to accept his instructions .
I laid aside my reed and I left the playground where the eternal child is spending his eternity 'in mere खेल .
In a moment I grew old and carried the burden of wisdom on my back हांक truths from door to door .
" Why have I to carry this burden I ask myself over and over again shouting myself hoarse in this noisy world where everybody is crying up his own रहा ?
Is that the ultimate climax of the poet ' s end ?
All this seems to me like a bad dream from which I often get up in the dead of night and grope about in my bed टटोलता Where is my music ?
'The poet who is true to his mission फसलें his harvest of love; but the poet who भटकता into the path of the जीवन is dismissed with तालियों .
So I founded an international University a great task .
At such times he tended to be उथले repetitive and बासी .
Such journeys and visits to the platform on time and time - honoured का of विकर्षण and endless tours for the defence of high ideal ( which later developed in the campaign for raising money for Visva - Bharati are hardly any of the creative विकर्षण .
Gradually he grew up in the midst of a flock of admirers many of whom were little better than courtiers झुंड parasites and झुंड who applauded his action and praises them .
It is a danger which celebrities all over the world have to face but is the most dangerous in India the traditional home of घर .
He will discover the new regions of his creative करते will put back all his past achievements irrespective of what may be the highest बंदी or the second highest बंदी he can never find his अनथक energy the more depth of his genius the truly enlightened बंदी
The world had become his stage and Santiniketan an ideal studio for शांतिनिकेतन .
In July Tagore presided at शेली Centenary Celebrations in Calcutta .
The latter was concerned with the use of skills for the waste of the acquired states ; when the play raises an original problem far more than that of the original to raise the liberty of the soul in human life the machine which is reduced to size .
The basic theme of the play is the struggles of centuries - old men versus national स्वच्छंदता the conflict of free intelligence and cold calculating power which has undoubtedly enhanced the growth of technique .
The treatment is characteristically रवीन्द्रनाथ half - realistic half - allegorical logic and mysticism घुल each other and making the dramatic conflict more suggestive than obvious the conclusion more baffling .
The kingdom of सोने was flooded with gold mining and bonded labour .
His king was wearing a आतंक secret of terror and fear behind the locked iron door ( long before Churchill thought of the symbol ) .
In his name the Police Chief rules the land with a ruthless exercise of जमीन and religious superstitions .
It is the same cord says a victim that makes the whip and binds the whip .
Into this brave new world comes a young and wilful girl Nandini who fears no one and whose beauty charms every one .
She उलट the whole order not only making the workers rebellious but आंदोलनकारी the King himself out of his छुपने .
When he sees what his men have made their subjects what he himself leads a movement against his own Sardars but नंदिनी the beloved companion of नंदिनी is a brave and ardent soldier who would be allowed to go to government .
It was a true dedication a dedicated young and ardent spirit determined not to capture a lion of a civilized woman .
This enforced holiday was fruitful in. a truly creative sense is evidenced from the quality of poems exquisite and haunting in their playful and restrained tenderness which he wrote during his stay at San इसीड्रो and for some time during his stay at San इसीड्रो .
These poems were published in 1925 under the title हुईं पूरबी which is the name of a lovely evening music composer .
This volume was dedicated to Vijaya ( Vijaya ) संस्कृत a parallel to Victoria in Sanskrit by which name Tagore used to call his host .
I am sending you this to Calcutta he wrote : A Bengali book of poems I wish to place with you .
This I have dedicated you while you will not know what it is .
विजया : The poet in his language is spent in the memory of the days of विजया Vijaya who has met with this quotation : से in the most भावपूर्ण part of the poem .
The के brought flowers of pleasure to me ? I had nothing but the fruit of my grief .
I asked him " Who will be the loser if we exchange what we have ?
This assurance was borne out to the end of the deep affinity that linked the Mahatma and the Poet survived the many द्वंद्व on the public platform .
It was indeed a magnificent discovery . "
Before the year ended Tagore presided over the first session of the Indian Philosophical Congress in Calcutta where he spoke on the philosophic significance of the folk cultures and folk religions of India .
Shortly after the commencement of the new year he went to Lucknow to attend the All India Music Conference .
Between the musical function he received the news of the death of his eldest brother . Singh a learned and versatile philosopher and math .
All his old contacts were breaking one by one ; प्रतिभाओं was a true philosopher who took even his own vast learning and talents तात्विक and neither paraded the former nor made much of the latter .
He was not only for Tagore but for all including रवीन्द्रनाथ दादा दादा and Andrews .
Says the Mahatma : " The death of दादा Lal Dada has raised us a great scholar patriot and philosopher . "
One day all of a sudden the stones felt the same shiver of delight but could only come from the tread of Kusum ' .
But there was no longer the same light music in her step.
Kusum had returned to her village but became a widow .
She gradually grew into a lovely woman सयानी as the Ganges swells into beauty during the rainy season .
One day a tall and handsome Sanyasi arrived in the village and took up his abode in the Siva temple near the ghats .
Men and women of the village came to him for his discourse but they do not include .
On the day of the sun ' s eclipse many people came from villages far and near to bathe in the holy Ganges among them some women from the village who had spent their marital life .
What is common to the घाट in one of these adult women is that a संन्यासी was very much like the husband of Kusum who had disappeared a few years ago and was killed .
ने herself she pulled the veil down on her face and requested the Sanyasi to give her name .
It is not without significance that he composed his poetical and musical songs in the centre of Nataraja the Divine नर्तक holding the universe in the whirl of his cosmic dance.
He embodied it in a song - and - dance sequence called Nataraja नटराज which is produced in Santiniketan in February .
In March he travelled again to western India where he presided over the Hindi Sahitya Sabha in the then princely state of Bharatpur .
He spent the summer in the pleasant hill - station of Shillong in Assam where he began writing the महाकाय पुरुष पुरुष ( Three पुरुष ) .
As the title indicates it was a very ambitious plan and made a very good beginning : the very best method of narration is entirely from any आरोपित or imitation घुमावों .
The loving observer of the people the story - teller and the social psychologist have combined to achieve a consummate work of art which makes some critics acclaim this novel as the most satisfying of all die novels . "
But Tagore was no Tolstoy or टाल्सटाय and could not live long at a stretch in one fixed world even though all of them belonged to him .
The poet the critic the singer and the teacher got involved in the film and removed his attention from the story or the characters and thus the story was originally planned to be put down on one generation and published two years later .
Almost all the major novels of Tagore depict the inevitable conflicts and contradictions of the Indian people .
Most of these disputes are generally at the social and cultural level but the aspect analysed is changed in every novel .
Having given up the voyage he was no longer restless and यात्रा .
The old poise returned and with it the creative mind .
During his brief stay in Bangalore he not only completed the novel कोलम्बो but also finished another novel the कविता यात्रा कविता ( Last कविता ) during his recent voyage .
This novel which is almost half poetry is very popular among Bengali readers and stands in a class by itself.
It is a refreshing satire and जीवंतता style which makes it a favourite of modern readers to think of themselves as the निष्ठुर critic of the hero and to जीवंतता humour and जीवंतता humour which made him romantic .
Dr Sukumar Sen describes it as “a love story written as if to end all love stories .
It is interesting to recall that the author completed the second novel खत्म almost simultaneously and no two novels could be more dissimilar in the form of novel मिजाज style मिजाज style and rendering .
Fortunately he had no training and no reputation at stake as a painter and so he painted without inhibition without inhibition .
The most unfortunate feature of the case was that they did not take it seriously.
Between the gaps in his literary activity the साहित्यिक one at a very rapid and frequent meeting with साहित्यिक - साहित्यिक and गद्य - गद्य has left a record of almost three thousand पद्य and पद्य in his last thirteen years .
There is no doubt that many of these drawings are marked by a strong resemblance to the rhythm .
In fact it may be seen some other aspect of his self - will not be too serious but he was out of sight - and seeking expressed through the new medium .
So what he wanted to say was to be fair and to what a certain extent he had said all that was best for him and which must be so beautiful as to his own great art .
He writes as one dedicated consciously and impelled है to a higher purpose .
But when he paints it is rather like होते walking sure of his step driven by an urge of which the direction is outside his control .
He sees from his writings the क्रूर the क्रूर the क्रूर the क्रूर the क्रूर the क्रूर the क्रूर the क्रूर the क्रूर and the क्रूर .
Not only Angels and फरिश्ते but देवदूत पात्र and पात्र too have their full play on his canvas.
After a pleasant stay in फ्रेंच he reached French Indo - China where he was warmly received in July Tagore returned to India at a time when he was in Santiniketan full of rain - clouds.
In January 1930 Tagore visited western India and delivered lectures in Baroda on the artist ' s subject he returned to Santiniketan in February .
In March he sailed for Europe to keep his engagement for the यूरोप Lectures at Oxford which ill - health had prevented him earlier .
Indeed the speeches were mainly on the beautiful excuse : , with one thing that was his restlessness in other words was this time to see the exhibition in Paris his own paintings and the once more बेचैनी of Argentina .
The paintings were well received by Paris critics who described them as निर्बंध paintings absolutely sincere and wholly निर्बंध by studio traditions .
The आक्सफोर्ड Lectures delivered in Oxford later in the month were published in the following years as The Religion of Man dedicated to एलम्हर्स्ट .
After the exhibition of his paintings in Birmingham and London Tagore left for Berlin in July .
This visit deepened his affection and regard for Einstein with whom he had long discussions a gist of Which is recorded in an appendix to The Religion of Man .
His pictures were exhibited at Gallery बर्लिन in Berlin and a civic reception was accorded to him in the ancient Town Hall of Munich .
He visited many places in Germany including , नाटक where he witnessed the play पैसन .
We have neither power nor wealth .
We belong to the hungry and the helpless under - dog world . "
Marxism or the philosophy of दिमागी materialism was alien to his mental make - up which sought for harmony and cooperation rather than contradiction and conflict in the process of history .
His faith in the validity of the individual conscience and in the विपक्ष personality of man biased him against any technique of political action aimed at wholesale and violent suppression of opposition.
He had a horror of the machine dominating man and knew that the party machinery could be very आतंक and everything else .
He believed that . means were capable of मानवीय the human end .
He was by no means a blind admirer of whatever he saw in the Soviet Union and the Congress .
He was aware of the ruthless nature of the party dictatorship and of the many moral limitations of the Soviet test .
But these limitations did not allow him to lose his perspective or to obstruct Tagore ' s cause .
It is true that he was sensitive to the political and social uplift of his country and was not inspired by himself प्रेरित : he was highly respected by all the Indian or foreign leaders .
On the other hand he was afraid of Mahatma ' s Middle Ages and of feelings and social सामाजिक .
The Mahatma may अतिक्रमण beyond the limits of his beliefs but may his followers also do so ?
How far his misgivings were justified may be left to the verdict of history .
But he was soon मुखौटे by the innate lucidity of his mind and learnt to distinguish the mask from the face and came to realise that India for all her uniqueness was but a part of humanity like any other part and must march with it .
Gandhi also came to know of this truth when he said " If man can describe God with all his power and forgiveness then I shall come to the conclusion that God is Truth .
For the past two years I went a step further and said that Truth is God . "
He wrote it in English during his stay in Germany last year and the citizens of Calcutta during this period celebrated his रवीन्द्र birthday on January 4 1932.
The poet who had still some faith in the British professions of justice. and fair play sent a cable to the Prime Minister Mr मैकडोनाल्ड मैकडोनाल्ड protesting against the policy of indiscriminate repression. causing permanent alienation of our people from yours.
On January 26 he issued a statement which was not fully published because of the official ban .
He gave birth to this passion in his poem ऋश्वर - LRB - ऋश्वर - RRB - where he addressed God he asked his emissary to sent him again and again to teach love .
रवीन्द्रनाथ Tagore retired into a quiet cottage on the banks of the Ganges in एकांतवास - एकांतवास for seclusion where he wrote many poems inspired by his own paintings and other Indian painters .
All these poems were later published as कविताएं and dedicated to हुईं Basu .
Age and claims of strenuous life were telling on Tagore ' s straight back and stately shoulders .
When he had made up his mind that he would not be able to undertake another foreign tour he was invited to his country by King शाह Shah बादशाह of Iran .
To avoid the strain of a long and arduous journey they travelled by plane .
He even wrote in one of his poems long ago : " I wish I was a great admirer . "
हृदय news awaited him on his return from the land of roses and roses .
His only grandson पोता delicate sensitive youth of much promise whom he had sent to Germany for training in book - printing was seriously ill with galloping दाय
अगस्त died in Germany on 7 August .
The death of his only grandson in a far - away land was a severe blow to the poet .
But as the poet had to face many such deaths जीवन from deep sorrow his faith in life became stronger .
In a beautiful poem he wrote : " The cruel greatness of your heart made you fearful and invincible .
With trembling heart I stood before you : the afraid of your husband .
A few years ago he had sung it : " I am jumped into the ocean of form in the hope that I shall get the pearl of the Formless I shall wander no longer .
रवीन्द्रनाथ to wander he could now dive deeper than ever .
Many discerning Bengali critics believe that his greatest poetry was written in the last decade of his life .
This may or may not be so depending on the reader ' s mood and character .
What is undisputed is that he scaled many peaks in his life each separated him from the others and what he sees seemed to be the highest .
And since the last of the highest peak is the nearest to the reader the most strenuous and heroic may be said to him for he marks it to his own वृद्धावस्था and वृद्धावस्था body it is not surprising that one of his descendants .
On the 20th September the country was shocked to hear that Gandhiji wanted to fast unto death in jail and he decided to create a separate campaign against the English prime minister विरुद्ध to Hindus and to create a separate campaign against caste .
On the day on which he was to start the fast the very day he wrote to Tagore in a letter to him : My beloved Gurudev is on Tuesday today .
I will enter the fiery gate at noon.
I pray for your blessings for that effort .
By the end of the year two of his novels were published in the बोन Bone ( बहनें ) and the गद्य ( बहनें ) and the prose play ( बोन ) .
This year was very fruitful in literary life despite the many distractions of public engagements and political happenings.
बोन बोन is a short novel ; its environment is primarily psychological and has been written with a triangular sheet of normal life in relation to the love of the two sisters .
The author seems to have sought to show that a man seeks in woman both mother and beloved .
A woman who can find both these things together is lucky .
But man ' s nature and society are such that generally men cannot get together and love is on the whole imperfect .
And so the living heart cannot escape frustration .
The situation in this novel is further complicated by the two rivals being sisters both of them equally admirable each in her fashion.
The author has tried to face boldly the psychological dilemma caused by the conflict of loyalties loyalty to married love and loyalty to love free and without भावुक .
लेकिन is shorter in length but more dramatic in conditions .
The novel is mostly in dialogue and one wonders why the author did not write it as a play .
The story is almost similar to that of the स्त्री बोन नारी two women and a male नारी though the rival here is not the wife ' s sister but the husband' s cousin.
The psychological interest of the novel is of some other type .
पति was happily married to a माली who was passionately devoted to his garden.
She grew up in love and admired her स्त्रियोचित for her husband ' s love for her .
The husband wishes him a lot and his wife is made one of the causes of their friendship .
He was glad that his heart was generous .
But the बिस्तर were jealous and after ten years of भोगने happiness she suddenly became a bed - ridden invalid With no hope of sharing her husband .
Or from a window she could see only her past pleasures before bed .
When her husband sent for his young cousin Sarala to help in the garden.
It is all the more unfortunate that this kind of unscientific view of phenomenon is too readily accepted by many of our countrymen . "
In spite of all this in the English weekly ? ? he wrote repeating his faith : " This earthquake was no result of अंधविश्वास or any blind belief .
We have no idea of God ' s laws . . .
Jawaharlal Nehru ' s comment on this controversy is worth mentioning : " When I was wandering about in the earthquake - affected areas or just before going there I was surprised to read with the statement of Mahatma Gandhi that the earthquake had come as a result of the sin of untouchability .
He was ageing and was no longer able to travel as he wanted .
More than half the age was the problem of money .
The रायल्टी from his Bengali books were meagre . the work of writing poetry was by no means profitable even so was the purchase capacity of a very limited class .
By 1934 Tagore had become in the west more a memory than a living voice and his रायल्टी had considerably diminished .
The Postmaster had no particular job and would like to call the girl the tedium of the long summer evenings and extreme उचाट .
One day the Postmaster took to bed with a severe bout of disease .
The little girl watched by her bedside and nursed her day and was healthy .
This man who was truly the painter of life now looked upon as an enlightened teacher now high - minded devotion to Indian culture accompanied by other aspects of these tours steadily growing in the minds of the so - called people who were able to foster a taste for it .
The first of these cultural tours apart from the earlier one to Bombay was in Ceylon for which charming island Tagore had always had a warm corner in his mind .
It was during this trip that he completed the Sri Lankan novel सिंहल four chapters which were his last novel .
Its short play on the stage was also a success. In this powerful novel he again dramatised his former subject and dealt with a different scenario of human values and political ideals .
This was followed by a secret revolution of Bengal the movement of heroism and terrorism the failure of love and the gradual decline of human values .
The author after analysing the aims of political heroism which he describes in detail his keen psychological insight which has prompted the author to explain the defeated ideal in this tragedy is bitterly resented by him .
During his five years from 1932 to 1936 Tagore undertook many tours in the country and travelled beyond the country to Persia : he also wrote seven books of poetry one श्यामा and the other five कविताओं श्यामा .
Except for the देश country which was based on a story written before him the theme of the other four plays was drawn from the ancient Hindu and Buddhist legends which he had first retold in verse .
What Tagore had taken from the ancient lore were skeletons to which he gave new life by filling the dry bones which flesh and blood with dramatic passion and deep psychological and moral relevance .
The three main features of these poems are the repetition of the स्मृतियों a poem with a progressive की a बीच an effort to look back at the long path he had perhaps to discover the same sound of a love - story and a deep sense of pathos .
As a matter of fact even when he was writing these prose - poems he was writing other Verse of less unorthodox kind as well as pure traditional lyrics .
Though he was constantly searching for new forms by renouncing his earlier customs he had never given up his natural जीवन but he never gave up his natural जीवन his love of Nature the bridge of life from earth and love of that stuff of life .
It is this love which from time to time seemed पर he was familiar with all the forms of nature his inherent humanism his love of the world and his attachment to all the beings around him the earth and the earth his attachment to them .
This love is a recurrent theme in all his writings spread over a period of more than six decades .
रवीन्द्रनाथ even in the last decade of his life when the earth had completely changed its appearance from the sea his love of the earth seemed to him neither blind or संकुचित .
I have loved this earth .
I have tasted its nectar in the midst of hunger and thirst .
In its dust I have found the true fulfilment of my life . in the midst of धूल and जीवन . "
He was not like a socialist in spirit but said to be in tune with the deep appeal of his heart : he seemed to have lost all he had ever sought in heaven .
This wisdom such at it was revealed only to him through sorrow.
In the deepest cavity of human existence he said a lighter reflection is seen only by the torch of grief .
This wisdom was primarily of the heart and not of the head much less of it or of the philosophy .
It was for this reason that he was free from all religious beliefs and practices which were only dedicated to the love he had for this earth and its products and as he himself said he was happy to have finishing anything .
" Let my consciousness float in the sun and shade outside this window let no शोक no शोक no शोक no sorrow till he merges in the great ocean where he died ?
His humanism came to him more directly and with greater हृदय from his heart than from the subtle speculations of the Upanishads or from the Vaishnav lyrical mysticism or from the liberal humanism of western philosophy .
In a poem by पुनश्च he tells an anecdote which well illustrates his characteristic feeling and perceptions .
ब्राह्मण was a learned Brahman Pandit renowned for his erudition and power of discussion .
The voice said : " He who was my own on this earth and was always my childhood companion : am unable to see him in this room . "
I asked him if he was nowhere ?
A faint whisper ' yes ' he ' s where I ' m .
Many of the poems in these two volumes are exceedingly beautiful and in them Tagore ' s power of expression is at its best .
For them God has nothing to do with him if he does not look upon the sun and in the minds of the untouchables he is not free from all bondage .
For him the primal mystery of creation is in the का of light and its final mystery in the nectar of love .
This style gave him great love and he came back again and again to the Trust which he adopted for practical purposes .
Some of the poems are very beautiful and include a variety of themes and sentiments .
They look back to the long memories of the past of which they had lived to so far although they know that those who had left behind would not forget to forget the mystery of life and yet to experience the mystery of life .
Only he can console himself and it is not there and yet there is no burden .
One should live without it and have some relevance . "
But there is a real passion of grief in one poem addressed to है .
It was dated 6 August 1932 .
The poet ' s only surviving daughter was in Germany by the bedside of her only son who died the following day .
Unable to travel about freely the poet took to changing his dwelling place from house to house .
He now felt that he must be living in a mud cottage. So a mud hut had to be built next to the house he was then inhabited .
An excited writer has unwittingly turned the black bird into a young damsel चाल by describing the dark cloud and the flash of light in the month of Sravana but a महिला - like bird behind her आवेगी - पंख - पंख - पंख - पंख
It was not only because the common people wanted to see him act but rather that he liked to act .
It was a great success in Calcutta and the poet took it to Northern India .
He was more popular than money in big cities and was thus in Delhi in the rest of March .
At that time Gandhi was in Delhi and felt sorry to find that the poet was facing severe hardships in order to collect money for his university because he had transferred that cheque to his countrymen at once .
Mahatma Gandhi wrote : " Now you will relieve your countrymen by announcing cancellation of the rest of your journey . "
He was overcome with sorrow and admiration for his heart but he was so distressed as he was about the joy of wandering with his group throughout the country as there was no doubt that he was a sincere admirer .
As the voyage to Delhi was memorable for Gandhi ' s generous and loving solicitude for his health all the time was कष्टकर with the British government ' s अनुदार arrogance.
How अनुदार the imperial bureaucracy could be was demonstrated when the Delhi Municipality ' s proposal to give a civic reception to Tagore was रद्द by the government .
Returning from Delhi Tagore did not sit back and relax - like Mahatma Gandhi .
He attended public meetings of the common people of Calcutta though it was more difficult than watching his own plays .
On October 2 he was immensely grateful to Mahatma Gandhi ' s birthday by a special prayer at his शांतिनिकेतन temple - which was based on the production of a new dance - drama the other month of his poem श्यामा .
As before the poet also served the stage .
Syama saves her by persuading one of his own admirers to sacrifice himself of the world of death in return of मृत्युदंड .
The परदेसी foreigner gladly turns Syama ' s lover but when he comes to know of her inhuman manner by which he was परदेसी by him he surrendered to her .
The moral law working through him brings the के the inevitable retribution to the unfortunate Syama so devoted to her lover so guilty to humanity .
And for the first time that the address was delivered in Bengali and not in English .
Tagore made good use of the occasion for the attainment of learning through the mother tongue .
Two other important lectures Tagore delivered later on were the धर्म of the Bengal Literary Conference and the other Indian saint Ramkrishna Paramhans ' s birth - centre at Calcutta . Then followed the ' communal study at Santiniketan ' the ' धर्म ' .
Tagore could be called a विज्ञान or a शिक्षा that he had not received any formal education in any field .
Though it is not a description of some of the original research in physics the results of the modern researches in the physical sciences are often described interestingly and interpreted as an original source of benefit the Bengali reader .
Returning from कलकत्ता in Calcutta he addressed a public meeting in protest against the ill - treatment of some political prisoners in the Andamans Islands .
In September 1937 he composed and directed the production of Varsha Mangal a song - and - dance sequel celebrating the rainy season .
He loved nature in all its moods and every Season of the year including the tropical summer with its extreme heat and terrific dust - storms had been celebrated by him in poems and songs .
The first jingle he had learnt as a child was the Bengali nursery rhyme The rain शिशु the water . "
The verbal jingle as well as nature ' s jingle as the rain की and the leaf जल had never ceased to delight his leaf .
The autumn with its clear rain - washed sky and stray clouds floating uselessly was also a season very dear to him .
But a bad event in the autumn of 1937 was waiting for him .
On the evening of September 10 when he was sitting in his chair he suddenly lost consciousness.
There was no warning of an impending ailment and no diagnosis of the disease was made for about घंटों hours before the doctor came from Calcutta and he was in a unconscious state .
There was no telephone at Santiniketan in those days and it took time for the message for medical aid could reach Calcutta .
Meanwhile the unconscious poet जूझ between life and death .
Fortunately he recovered his consciousness and was gradually restored to normal life .
He had neither the fear nor the disturbance or the mind that had been brooding or brooding more than ever before that of his own heart had been thrown into the ranks of the conscious or the unconscious .
He responded warmly to feminine solicitude and concern and both at Kalimpong where his daughter - in - law looked after him and settled down in कलिम्पोंग .
His Mungpoo hostess has recorded with almost बोस्वेलियन fidelity his conversations and with her and other members of his home and a light - hearted humour and brought out the memories of which made him a genuine घर and a hearty answer .
Tagore was provoked to reply : " You are thinking of an Asia that would arise on a tower of एशिया .
As you said the यूरोप I too believe in the message of Asia but I have never dreamt that this wrong evil will be taken to some of them who have created a stir in Asia ' s heart .
Before he was to fight death in 1937 and one such dreadful experience was the reading of what was written in this period and the heart ' s blood the painted रक्त and the wonderful scenes he painted .
A series of such volumes were published in 1937 : की ( कविताएं ) कविताएं ( and की कविताएं ) and a book in verse which included stories and tales .
Most of them loved singing girls of a family and loved ones than many young men and had a fantastic and imaginative mind in which Tagore wrote poems for children and wrote few short poems for them .
" One night I dreamt a strange dream : बीनू was calling me उठो up and see what is happening ? "
I sat up and saw that Calcutta was growing on an increasing scale with thousands of lines and धकेल pushed one another .
The brick - built houses were advancing like थीं while the doors and windows were closed and खुल .
The shops and markets ऊपर up and down the roofs hit one another like a शराबी .
The Howrah bridge crawled like a giant scorpion and Harrison Road पीछे behind.
The Monument हाथी as if a mad elephant was waving its trunk in the air .
Not much was left of the old familiar joy living.
Many of his poems are thus reminiscent but they are free of morbidity and self - pity .
In the month of Chaitra when the mango trees begin to bear fruit they are taking their tea in the morning .
He sees three unripe mangoes fall down on the ground and his mind flies back to the days of his boyhood when unripe mangoes were the golden key that opened the door to the secret chamber of मस्ती .
Because they would climb down the trees they waited for a strong gust of wind so that some raw mangoes fell down .
When they took them to her she said " Who asked you to bring it ?
One day while picking them he was stung by a bee .
A few modern intellectuals like the Bengali critics have recorded the poet ' s lack of freshness which is so soft in this age ; some of the बंगाली and intellectuals have wondered that even the poet has written so delightful .
But even in these mood the poet was cleverly chosen to swear away from the role of his धर्म - धर्म and scholar that he could seize the तूफान - क्रूर of the तूफान and तूफान - भावदशा which he wanted to turn out in his dreams .
This mockery he brings out in a dramatic and startling fashion in a poem he wrote in Kalimpong in the summer of 1940 .
The wind of the evening is wind a tiny bamboo stick with a deserted field wrapped in a deserted field and a small calf trailing behind it .
The first world war in 1914 had caused him great agony and had प्रेरित him to the public arena to preach the message of peace .
The year 1940 began as well as अमंगल .
In his formal recognition Tagore organised a ceremonial reception ceremony at भिक्षुक - आम्रकुंज ' s attractive Bagh and paid homage to the man who was once said to be " a soul " .
Dr Radhakrishnan and Mr Justice of the Calcutta High Court represented the Oxford University .
" The University . I represent you said Sir Maurice ग्वेयर has in honouring you done honour to yourself . "
Twenty - two years earlier the same University had declined to recognise the Indian poet .
Fox रवीन्द्रनाथ wanted Oxford or Cambridge to give Tagore an honorary degree .
Lord Curzon when consulted said that there were more distinguished men in India than Tagore .
I wonder who they may be : I regretted that England had left it to a foreign country to make the first emphatic acknowledgement of his contribution to literature . "
Before the year ended three of his stories - his last contribution to this field were published in the संगी 3 संगी संगी .
These stories are far more different than the previous stories .
Tagore like Tagore would never be content with से - से if he became static .
He knows that man can draw nectar from the deserving of pain : by his अदम्य desire he brings endless value to man the gift of value .
As the poet recovered his usual liveliness of mind and his delight in the. little trivial sights and sounds .
What he 'd called her as early as November 11 was full of tenderness and joy : It was a poem addressed to a little गऋरैया and he interrupted the गीली ' पूंछ ' गीली ' s गीली पूंछ and गीली his गीली पूंछ '
I only know which key this moment is creeping about - whether its music is web - fed or in the heart of the emotions that are web - clock or in the heart of the soul ; it ' s beat the music and the slow .
Fortunately for him Tagore was not a philosopher and was content to listen to the music without being involved in the performance of his कैसे .
In fact he was not satisfied with why no music had ever taken his ears .
Poetry - Part I was his first love and whatever his relations with other friends he used to come forward with great इतमीनान .
' The joy of writing a poem ' as he wrote in May 1892 ' he is much more than writing the voluminous prose sheet . If I could write a poem in one day he wrote .
Between 1894 and 1900 he published a number of special volumes of poetry other than drama short stories and prose - poems .
The first of such poetical works is Sonar नाव ( golden boat ) which is the title of the first poem in this collection .
On a rainy day when the clouds thunder in the sky the poet is sitting desolate on the edge of his field ओर the river .
It is then that he sees a gold boat cut and the figure of the पतवार खेनेवाले .
This type is mentioned in the literature that these stones were raised as memorials to the deceased with reverence which is also known as मृतक this culture had begun in the first मृतक of Christ and is more ancient .
THE छतविहीन TEMPLES The worship of trees as the abode of spirits and gods was once very popular .
A wide variety of trees came to this category such as the Al - बरगद बरगद ( fig tree ) पीपल ( fig tree ) पीपल जामुन जामुन जामुन जामुन जामुन जामुन जामुन जामुन जामुन जामुन जामुन जामुन जामुन and so on .
The Kadamba tree is said to be the abode of वासस्थान ( Kartikeya and the AI ) .
It may be regarded as an example of a tree - temple or a tree - temple not of course Buddhism .
A reference to the temple of बौद्धों . a temple in the later बौद्धों to which it was connected with the Buddhists is given the name of बौद्धों in Buddhist literature .
All this was necessary for the protection of brick and the structure itself sustained the stability of the stupa because it had to bear substantial weight and was exposed to natural phenomena .
These stupas and maha - chaityas contained अवशेषों बुद्ध preserving fragmentary portions of the relics of the Buddha and others .
In the beginning in the stupas at स्तूपों . . and के the आयक platform itself was well sculptured and a large variety of relief sculpture sculptured in the rest of the structure was not so prominent .
It was also perhaps because the भक्त extensions served as वेदी on which devotees planted fruit flowers and sunshine .
Even when their revival like that of other stupas was achieved in course of time the artisans paid special attention to the आयक platform .
These slabs were ऊपर between थी placed at intervals over the outer circumference with a running moulded coping on top.
As a last decoration in these स्तूपों some of the शिलापट्टों or शिलापट्टों on the bottom of the stone are turned upside down and they are on their flat surfaces .
The large maha - chaitya of Nagarjunakonda built early in नागार्जुनकोंडा times belongs to the class of अनावृत्त स्तूपों .
Its brickwork has been mostly plastered over and the अंड decorated by an immense garland ornament in stucco .
The stupa at Amaravati was built solid but the stupa had a central column with eight radial walls meeting a peripheral circular wall thus producing the appearance of a wheel on which the central portion was गाडऋई and so on .
It probably also had an outer circular enclosure .
The आयक platforms though most of the आयक in this area are not found at चबूतरे and में but are among the other stupas at आयक in the rock - cut stupa .
Likewise in the case of the Buddhist stupas on the east coast lying between Nagarjunakonda and Amaravati on one side and आयक on the other stupas like those at अमरावती have the स्तूपों platforms on one side .
It may be noted in this context that while the Amaravati stupa revealed below its levels urn - नागार्जुनकोंडा the site of Nagarjunakonda has shown the prevalence of the stupas with almost contemporaneous पत्थरों monuments.
These stone pieces were built into the memory of a hero a warrior a warrior a king sometimes even the ordinary .
Women who आत्मदाह themselves on the death of their husbands at a time when the cult of chastity and faithfulness was spreading fast were given memorials in the nature of sati stones or later called सती .
Beyond the fourth century it is found in places like Kannada in Tamil Pradesh and it has a very common practice in Kannada literature .
This instance of hypaethral temple is represented by a similar ancient construction on the धरती peak in the Coimbatore district with a धरती or upright stone having a trident or सामने planted in front and surrounded by a rubble wall.
The epic महाकाव्य speaks of temples built of brick with huge gateways or गोपुर .
To the extreme south of Tamil Nadu as also from its literature it is found that in different regions there were gods residing in different tracts of the mountain - covered घास the valley of the घास river and the कृषि of the country .
They were called qualifying repairs.
It is evident from the political map of the Mauryan empire that the organised states in the south were मौर्यों with their own well - developed language and culture that the Mauryas could hardly have any impact on it .
The earth which is the mother of all life is on a sea the first or संसार figure of the world born out of its lap is a धरा and a dream - girl of all loveliness and ages for her childhood .
There is another lovely and moving poem of this collection entitled कविता : ' I will not let you go . "
But the poet ' s little daughter sits calmly on the threshold and says as soon as he is about to leave " I will not let you go .
These simple words breaking down from the heart of an infant express only the continued pathos and pain of the poet .
Everything goes and amid this unceasing flux of life and nature the eternal cry बीच “I will not let you go . "
Much as these poems glow with passion it is passion suffused with thought and subdued by discussions .
From that point the shadow of discussion has gradually पर on his poems and as this passion has become stronger the thought becomes more powerful and more effective .
A second collection of such poems was published in 1896 under the title Chitra which was published in English .
Many of his readers have believed that this volume is the finest fruition of Tagore ' s poetical talent .
The cornice moulding - LRB - kapota - RRB - and the किनारों - like griva as well as the blunted ridge of the sikhara shows a backward slope .
The के temple now has a large statue of त्रिविक्रम - to - it can spell out certain other steps in its development .
This process is called भारतीय in Indian Silpa .
In view of these things the sikhara of these temples and the विश्वकर्मा of नकुल the नकुल temple of नकुल and the Nakul सहदेव of नकुल are very much in evidence .
In the beginning of the early rock architecture rock - LRB - शैल - RRB - where other wood and charcoal was in use and at the same time a temple was being cut off and other religious places .
Both the modes were developed in the later cave - temple of the Chalukyas Pallavas Pandyas and other contemporary dynasties of the Deccan .
The rock architecture of Ellora ( all 12 excavations ) centred round the south end of the hill and excavations at Aurangabad mark the culmination of the series and the third most ancient Buddhist Caves in Ellora .
Caves 4 and from 6 to 10 are of the seventh century .
Caves 11 and 12 which are unique belong to the seventh century .
On the contrary Cave 1 of the first group is very simple and is perhaps carved out in mere application .
The shrine of Cave 2 has two lateral cells with an ante - chamber or ardha - mandapa .
There are monastic cells on the lateral walls of the mandapa of Cave 3 .
Cave 4 is two - है .
The groundfloor consists of a hall and a shrine behind with additional cells on either side of the shrine and on the lateral walls of the hall .
Cave 8 has a large hall with three monk - cells in the north .
On the northern wall of the circumambulatory passage there is a monastic room .
Cave 6 as usual has a verandah and a hall behind with a lateral hall on the south with six cells .
The central shrine at the end of the ardha - mandapa has a shrine projecting कपाटों the कपाटों of which it is clear that it is the main shrine .
Cave 9 strictly speaking is a long hall or mandapa with a prominent sculptured गुफा poor imitation of Cave 10 .
Cave 10 ( विश्वकर्मा ) is a large chaitya similar to those of Ajanta with pillars and aisles and balconies in front of the arch entrance .
The apse consists of a stupa with a shrine of the seated Buddha cut into it thus indicating the stupa form to be a circular vimana - LRB - बुद्ध - RRB - with the deity inside it .
The drum of the stupa has twelve panels of which contain small Buddha sculptures on 10 .
The arch on the facade is very beautiful and quite different from that in Ajanta and other places .
Its . arches and the डाट recall similar motifs as contemporary North Indian Brahmanical temples .
Caves 11 and 12 of the seventh century AD are known respectively as the two - storeyed . and Tin - tal respectively of the group . These are the most important structures of this group .
A similar rock - cut cave - structure has recently been at कृष्णा in the south bank of the Krishna River .
Since then the practice and tradition had been totally given up or forgotten and not attempted in that long interval of rime and space .
The inscription states that it was built by king राजा for Brahma गया and विष्णु " without brick - and - timber काष्ठ काष्ठ and आवास .
What was even more significant was that this was also a departure from the process known till then of carefully - chosen soft rocks .
This was followed by more cave - temples being excavated by him into the hard rocks of the south .
They are all of a simpler design and less ambitious in size because of the hardness of the new rock material of hitherto unknown potentialities that involved greater labour invention of new tools and skills in cutting and longer time to complete.
Thus it may be said that the Chalukyas and the Pallavas inaugurated two parallel traditions in the south .
उ
The faces of the square sections of the pillars are adorned with large circular lotus . often inscribed inside a square section .
Where there are no inner pillars the differentiation was indicated by the varying floor - levels or ceiling levels .
A rock - cut flight from the floor of the mandapa leads to a simple shrine entrance which is cut projecting a little into the mandapa .
The shrine - cells are often found painted over a somewhat picturesque base or adhishthana ; and the wall . at its two front corners आश्रित by four - sided flat pilasters with two more in between each of the inner pairs flanking the shrine entrance .
The door - frame if distinct is simple and easily plain .
The pilasters carry in some cases distinct capital mouldings and corbels or पोतिकाएं on top.
The kapota is adorned by semi - circular kudu ornaments with a flat shovel - shaped finial above it .
The shrine doors are generally guarded by relief sculptures of two armed dvarapalas .
In fact they do not have any appropriate sculpture of the deity , Vishnu or other gods to whom the temple according to the inscription is dedicated .
Often there are traces of lime plaster on the hind wall . - LRB - see the impression that the object of worship was a mural painting of the god .
Sometimes there is a slight relief of a pedestal cut at the base of the hind wall indicating that the deity was done in stucco or lime mortar and painted or was a wooden panel with a carving set into a sunk chase .
These Mahendra temples are noted also for the absence of other kinds of sculpture even in the द्वारपालों part apart from the द्वारपालों of the dvarapalas .
In the case of the Vishnu cave at गर्भ and the cave - temple at गुफा there are dvarapalas neither on the flanks of mandapa facade nor on the flanks of the sanctum .
The dvarapalas either face full - front or are fixed in half - way towards the shrine door and stand resting on a massive club of snakes .
In Siyamangalam the two outer द्वारपाल are however depicted as warriors inside separate niches at either end of the mandapa facade while the two flanking the shrine entrance are of the usual type .
The Tiruchirapalli upper चट्टान rock - cut cave - temple of गंगाधर is unique in that it has a large group sculpture forming a panel on the western wall of the mandapa directly opposite the shrine and depicting Siva as गंगाधर .
Its hind wall has two वेदी on either side of the projected shrine entrance carrying panels of Gajalakshmi and Durga .
The manner in which भू Varaha merges with the neck imperceptibly -. में neck from the human body is a masterpiece of art not equalled by similar representation in the Gupta and other sculpture .
The central shrine is now empty ; but perhaps there was painted or stucco representation of नरसिंह .
Almost identical but more artistic and graceful लालित्यपूर्ण of Gajalakshmi and Durga are reproduced in almost the same positions on the rear wall panels on either side of the projected shrine entrance in the और cave - temple .
Besides the projected central shrine of the गुफा cave - temple has three niches on either side of the entrance containing other images .
The niches flanking the entrance contain dvarapalas.
The extreme ones on the north and south show a Nagaraja or चित्त in human form with the five - headed serpent - hood and a portrait sculpture in graceful posture .
The south and north walls of the mukha - mandapa contain large reliefs of standing Brahma and Siva as गंगाधर .
Similar panels on the southern and northern walls of the ardha - mandapa have almost life - size royal portrait groups of the Pallava kings विष्णु and Mahendra with their queens and wives .
The main sanctum contains a modern stucco form of Varaha गचकारी .
In this temple worship is still held ; while others are not used for worship .
The bas - relief sculptures of Durga on the southern wall of the Ramanuja mandapam and of दुर्गा ( दीवार ) on the northern wall were destroyed by later times and also by the अग्रभाग of the Siva cave - temple with three originally .
The back wall of the central shrine retains traces of a Somaskanda group .
The Mahishamardini cave - temple consists of two highly illustrious and well - known Pallava sculptures on the two lateral walls of its mandapa namely the सेना - महिषासुर north and the सेना सेना on the south wall.
The beauty painting painted in Durga its aesthetic grace and skill as also the synthesis of the head and human body of the buffalo in the महिषासुर can only match the same fate as that of a Varaha which has been described above it the arrogance and मुद्रा of its appearance .
All these शस्त्रों thus constitute some of the earliest extant representations of the respective forms and are thus represented in the south by the शैव or मानवीकरण शैव for the study of the original sculpture or image of Shiva the शस्त्रों and the शस्त्रों on it .
It is also reported that the Mahishamardini cave - temple was originally dedicated to Vishnu but later on in the same century a large Somaskanda panel on the rear wall of the temple Vishnu ( perhaps carved in stucco ) .
The द्वारपाल in the narrow के on either side of the temple are thought to be फंसे फंसे and modified in accordance with the शैव शैव ' while the original plan was taken over by the Vishnu - थे .
In the series of rock - bas - relief sculptures found in Mahabalipuram and nearby there are not entirely cave - temples like the गुफा mandapam but other constructions of Rajasimha Pallava ( 700 - आसपास ) which are also known as the में in the north of Mahabalipuram .
The whole structure of eleven has an arched मेहराबदार of eleven large vyala heads . called से मस्तक .
To the south of the mandapa are carved the next parts of two elephants with friezes on the चट्टानी rock face the बीच having a बीच standing in the centre and a horse at the extreme south .
The northern face of the rock is roughly carved out into a large squatting lion - front with a small square niche in its bosom ताक a relief panel of Mahishamardini .
The उत्सवों mandapam obviously served as resting - place for the यात्रा idols or यात्रा during festivals .
This even the name तिरूवेलुच्चिपुर found in the inscriptions would संकेंत .
A smaller replica of the तट mandapam is found on the surf - beaten boulder to the south of the Shore temple in Mahabalipuram .
To the north of the temple is another larger rock called the Mahishamardini rock with a large lion face and Durga niche in its heart .
In passing mention may be made of the celebrated two - faced bas - relief compositions of large group sculpture in Mahabalipuram .
They are Arjuna ' s penance and the तपस्या के .
Tell them to raise high their heads and stand united and assure them: Because those whom you fear are more scared than you .
The heroic impulse वीरोचित itself in occasional वीरोचित and though he anticipated the Mahatma not only in his ideals but in his programme of work he could not move in one direction .
For in another poem he was written a few days later : They are haunted by memories of the old days and lost all the sweet memories of flowers of चंपा and चमेली .
How sweet it was when she gave me those flowers with her hands . "
In another poem he regretted that he could not achieve anything .
" I was a veena in my hand and I had music in my head who knew that the music would break the strings of the veena leaving the centre . "
In the comparatively fewer Vishnu cave - temples dedicated solely as such and in the Vishnu shrines of many other temples the standing seated and more often reclining forms are met with as the main sculptures.
The unfinished मुद्रा in the Vishnu - पूजा of the lower cave - temple at Tiruchirapalli and the मुद्रा cave - temple on record in the same मुद्रा cave - temple is found in the Tiruchirapalli cave - temple again in eastern रंगनाथ .
While the actual या or remnants of them are to be seen in the first two cases the actual पडते or their remains नष्ट whilst in the first two they have been completely destroyed .
The extant शैव indicate that the art or career of the की veena was propounded by some शैव and the advantages of नरेश were carved out by a disciple of a great Saiva or शैव prince and a disciple of नरेश .
While the cave - temple at गुफा is thus connected with the other temples mentioned by the presence of the शिलालेखों ; it contains a व्यक्ति or a person within it a prince or a व्यक्ति ' image of the same district ( जिले ) .
What is more it is also found in the Siva cave - temple at वीर in the far southern Tirunelveli district and in the cave - temple at गुफा near केरल in Kerala .
This would indicate the similarity of origin namely Pandya and a proximity of time .
The cave - temple at गुफा with a south - facing mandapa facade and an east - facing shrine inside on the western wall of the mandapa is noted for the remains of ancient mural paintings of the समकालीन and मंडप of गुफा .
The Siva cave - temple at शिव - शिव was excavated by विदेल Muttaraiyar in the sixteenth year of Pallava के .
The adjoining Vishnu cave - temple of है was also perhaps a Muttaraiyar excavation .
These are examples of typical cave - temple pattern with cell and front mandapas .
Such other cave - temples are at गुफा . . . . . . . . . . . and कन्याकुमारी dedicated to कन्याकुमारी the last two being at Kanyakumari .
The समाज cave - temple for example has a उत्तरमुखी facade and only an entrance - hole in the same direction while the समाज ( pilasters ) the double समाज type ( समाज ) of the Chalukyan type and the platform within the shrine for the full female counterpart .
The dvarapalas are cut almost in the round - out of the side walls on the eastern and western sides a bit behind the median east - west axial line .
The linga - pitha is often a structural addition though monolithic examples cut out of the same rock .
We have square sockets on the floor into which the square - लिंग lower part or लिंग of the linga is inserted and the pitha assembled round its exposed base as is found to be the case in the Pallava cave - temples a feature starting from about AD 700 .
In लिंग and लिंग the linga is an integral part of the cave and is rock - cut as in the Pandya - Muttaraiyar examples .
The placement of Hanuman as one of the two द्वारपाल in the cave - temple at गुफा recalls the similar feature found in the Pandya temple at मदुरै near Madurai .
He स्वाभाविकता this form in Bengali and achieved amazing results with it .
As is to be seen in the case of the आनिक Tagore chose a legend उपाख्यान which was associated with the epic story of the Mahabharata but he cast it in the form of a most learned frame of the scientific phrase ' love ' of God ' .
आचार्य the teacher of the के knew the mystery of immortality and was capable of living the dead .
The gods were eager to know the secret and sent Kacha the younger son of their teacher .
Seeing the handsome Brahmin man the daughter of ब्राह्मण fell in love with him and appealed to his loving father to make him his disciple .
Having completed his course of study and learnt the art of reviving the dead Kacha comes to Devayani to bid her farewell.
This is the starting point of this short drama which is based entirely on the dialogue between the two .
“So you have attained ” says Devayani " what you had hardly hoped .
The knowledge coveted by the gods is now yours.
In most cases a stone idol or a symbol of a major god for worship in the sanctum is generally पाषाण but it is not represented as in the late quarter of the seventh century later in the Pallava examples yet it is in the Pandya type .
The sanctum had a stucco panel or painting or a stone sculpture as a bas - relief on the rear wall rather than on the floor at the centre .
In the earliest examples of the cave - temples the गर्भगृह - garbha - griha is comparatively small in Badami and is enough for the pitha of the linga in the Siva cave - temples and the image in others .
The pitha in all cases is also rock - cut or monolithic and not arranged separately and often the linga too is monolithic and of bright shells .
The invariably square linga - pitha has a projecting spout on its top to drain off the जल water and a कुंड is cut into the rock floor below it to collect the water .
This is found again in the Pandyan cave - temples of the farthest south and not at all in the intervening Pallava cave - temples or in the cave - temples of the north .
As has already been stated the stone temples of the पाषाण Valley are also to be found on the floor of the फर्श cella in a remote Java ( Indonesia ) .
The spout projects invariably northwards irrespective of the direction of the sanctum .
In cases where the sanctum itself faces north the मुह north the alternate Agamic injunction that it might be on the left is observed .
He found that the whole sky was filled with dense clouds and he lost in the memory of his predecessor Kalidasa but that must be composed a day of his great verses which were to be separated by his lovers whose love for God was immortal .
This poem written in the देश of ancient times was a new मेघदूत and it is evident that he had so confident of his talent claiming his natural association with the greatest and classical poet of his country ( Kalidasa ) .
In Santiniketan he wrote another magnificent poem called Ahalya the legendary victim of divine intrigue who had been turned into stone by the curses of her husband .
What did you feel Ahalya asks the poet when you were finally closed in that dark room where mother - earth dwells on the earth .
Did you share the vast dumb love the earth of the world the patience and pain of the silent humanity which felt for its children ?
Did you share the sleepless vigil of the great mother the noise and cry of her unruly children.
It is compact and has a terminal Nandi pavilion and contains a very rich grouping of sculptures of great वैज्ञानिक - graphic value .
The गुफा has several cave - temples the गुफा one collectively numbered as Cave 21 .
Each unit consists of a mandapa with simple pillars and pilasters of square section with corbels of the Chalukyan type on the facade and the shrine chamber at the rear.
The rear wall of the shrine has a relief of Mahesamurti .
In most cases there is a linga inserted into a monolithic circular pitha on the floor and in one case there is a rock - cut linga .
They may be found in the early years of the Rashtrakuta rule in Ellora about AD 750 .
The Mahesamurti reliefs here are quite different in treatment and finish from the celebrated one at Elephanta and unlike Elephanta they are placed on the wall behind the Rashtrakuta linga in the main temple .
In the earlier Western Chalukyan caves as at Badami Vishnu and Siva sculptures occur indiscriminately while in the later ones they are well - nigh separated.
The former type of caves show among the female deities सप्तमातृका Sarasvati Gajalakshmi and Parvati .
The later राष्ट्रकूट appear in the Rashtrakuta caves with के of के - , with के of के - , though it is only in a few limits while the Western Chalukyan sculpture forms are bold in point with bold मुद्रा of note and expression .
The profusion of such didactic depictions क्षतिपूर्ति richly for the diminution of the aesthetic trends of the earlier phase.
While the Western Chalukyan linga - पीठ are mostly square the Rashtrakuta linga - पीठ as in Ellora Caves 15 and 16 and the गुफा caves are circular.
They are monolithic and form part of the live rock of the excavation .
The Chalukya - Rashtrakuta लिंग are of a different type .
It is only in the monolithic linga - pitha and linga of the Pandyan temples that we find square - based circular and even octagonal linga - pitha .
Here memory broods and pines in the deserted nook of departed happiness .
Go and waste your precious time . "
He assures her that the happy memories of the days spent in this hermitage would always haunt her faces .
They exchange their memories with each other and make him fully aware of what his father was ready to teach his opponent ' son ' otherwise he would never do so .
He recalls how he loved her and tried to avoid her studies by neglecting her study .
What is it that made you choose to fetch water for my flowers and play hide my pet deer .
When the wound had किनारे over the edge of the river like a tight eyelids drooping on ? why do you sit beside me and sing songs learnt in heaven ?
If you are only willing to learn why need you have फांस the so - called किशोरी Kishori .
There was nowhere else to find you carefully planned to make a plan to secure the grace of my father . "
As an alternative sufficient rock material was left ऊपर initially at the top to be finished into the stupi at the end of the work .
The विमानों विमानों of these विमानों vimanas that are all limited to विमानों seems to have continued for two generations after Mamalla i. e. 700 A. D. when the upper pillars of the main deity were to be carved in their ones in the Draupadi ratha and the ones .
The earlier practice was to have painted stucco forms of the principal deity inside the temple .
Since the vimana temple
Such a general understanding of the basic elements of the southern vimana temple may be necessary as the विमान of the temples to which they come into the sanctum would be perhaps beyond the most characteristic feature of them ; they would not be practical in all their early विमान forms and much विमान ; however much of the विमान ; however much विमान ; however much of the विमान ; the विमान ; the विमान the विमान or विमान ; the विमान ; the विमान or विमान or विमान of the विमान or विमान ; the विमान ; the
It is not the superstructure over the sanctum alone as is often assumed by many writers and in some cases .
It often has a small vestibule in front .
The earliest examples of the southern temple were of the unitary type consisting of the vimana single or multi - storeyed with its ardha - mandapa surrounded by the enclosure or the prakara wall .
Subsequently a stage came when a simple maha - mandapa was added in front of the ardha - mandapa and was well integrated with the main parts the prakara and the whole complex was covered by a " prakara wall the four walls .
The one which is circular वेसर वेसर or apsidal from base to top or has such a plan of its griva and sikhara is वेसर .
Though generally square or oblong plan gives a purely Nagara form but in many cases the upper griva and sikhara of the talas are octagonal or octagonal above the square structure of the aditala .
Likewise the one - sided oblong structure may have a विमान griva and sikhara . forming the vimana वेसर .
Thus more than the shape of the basal parts or body it is the plan of the griva sikhara components that really matters .
The square hexagonal circular hexagonal or octagonal structure which has a sikhara that is domical and ends up in a single finial or stupi is called kuta sikhara .
The oblong and सभा body structures with a wagon - top vault - like or inverted boat - like roof or sikhara with a row of stupis on top.
चाप
It belongs to the " पंजर " or पंजर " class .
The hara or string of diminutive shrines on top of the talas of multi - storeyed vimanas is composed of these three shrine forms ( miniature kuta sala ( or पंजर ) and panjara ( or पंजर ) .
They are placed on the corners and sides of the floors and are fused into the recesses with the छत or पंजर of the structures below rather than the kuta or पंजर or पंजर or vice - versa.
Though the rudiments of the plan of the mandapa are to be seen in the rock - cut caves and in the remains from Nagarjunakonda their compositions were more pronounced in the stone and brick temples of the seventh century .
In the Chalukya - Rashtrakuta series in the Deccan and in those that took after them the mandapa is of two types .
In the first case the central part is divided into a स्तंभों containing the peripheral round of small and thick pillars corresponding to the upper pillars .
The four central pillars set on the corners of a central class and the axial and peripheral row in a equal distance constitute twelve volumes or pilasters all the four bays in the central section .
The addition of twenty more pillars in the inner row and at the outer cycles and at the corners will increase the number of bays to twenty - five and make the mandapa a larger section .
The Pallava - Pandya series of temples and what followed them in material technique and tradition in the succeeding periods in the farther south elaborated the shape from the square to the oblong by emphasizing linear rows of taller pillars with wider sweep .
All this resulted in such multi - pillared mandapas as the hundred - or thousand - pillared mandapas .
By the beginning of the eleventh century the gopuras or storeyed gateways piercing the protective prakara or enclosure wall characteristic of the southern temples were built comparatively smaller than the विमान vimana .
They are essentially oblong on plan transversely linear with the entrance through at the middle and with a single simple or storeyed superstructure terminated by a sala sikhara with a row of शाला .
The विमान or system of storeys with hara components at each level is much akin to that of the oblong or विमान vimana .
Such pioneering work of making cut - out vimana temples was कार्य by Mamalla ( 630 - विमान ) to different degrees of perfection .
Before his successors उसके उसके II ( उत्तराधिकारियों ) and उत्तराधिकारियों ( 700 ) and also perhaps by Rajasimha ( 700 ) the new एकाश्मक temples were built in their early years before they started the construction of the structural temples .
It would be useful to consider along with these the eight miniature bas - relief representations of vimanas found in the same place as also the full - scale example of the विमानों cave - temple facade since these would illustrate various forms of the southern vimana .
Thus these stone replicas would afford a good starting point for the study of the south Indian temple crafts .
More so because these faithfully reproduce in stone not only the various forms in general but also the individual parts even to the minutest detail of बंधन fastening metal work and decorative design appropriate to the various forms of the brick - and - timber .
The miniature bas - relief sculptures found in the scene of the penance of Arjuna in Mahabalipuram are an ekatala vimana - LRB - vimana - RRB - with the sculptured विमान - LRB - ग्रीवा - RRB - with the विमान of the griva . sikhara and stupi .
Being four - sided and square from base to finial it belongs to the Nagara class and is dedicated to Vishnu who is shown in relief as standing inside the cella .
The reproduction of the parts of the wooden original is quite evident .
As in all the above cases the ham is extended over the mandapa .
The Dharmaraja ratha is three - storeyed square in its ग्रीवा and octagonal in the griva sikhara ; but all the three storeys are intended to be functional .
Thus the vimana is designed to have three superposed garbha - विमान as against the non - functional but symbolic upper talas in the other rathas and most of the later structural examples .
The use of a cellular mode of construction in its execution with three concentric walled squares of increasing height rising one inside the other to the successive heights of की thus leaving the gap between them .
The outermost wall rising to the height of the aditala prastara is however present in sections only round the four corners the आदितल the आदितल the आदितल the facade of each having two pillars and two pilasters all vyala - based .
The small mukha - mandapa on the west in front of the aditala carries a ham which in its composition includes for the first time the apsidal पंजर or पंजर along with the kutas and salas .
The octagonal griva sikhara region has four projected nasikas on the four cardinal sides .
While the lower talas remain unfinished but for their exterior the topmost tala has a sanctum excavated into it that enshrines a सोमस्कंद form of Siva with Vishnu and Brahma in attendance carved on its rear wall .
At the rear ends of the maha - mandapa are supported by double - walled vimanas of the prakara with three doors projected in the centre on the south west and north with a much more raised शालाओं like the doorway .
The top of the mandapa is almost flat with a large multi - कमल lotus . the base of the finial cut over its centre .
Behind the maha - mandapa and the antarala stands the main vimana विमान with a square adhishthana of its shorter sides than the sides of the platform below occupying the centre of the upa - pitha while five detached sub - shrines are cut at intervals .
The three lesser vimanas on the three cardinal sides of the upa - pitha are dvitala sala vimanas while the two at the rear corners are tritala kuta vimanas .
All these five halves make the temples or the परिवार of eight complementary deities all over the main vimana including two pseudo - dvitala kuta vimana and Nandi temple all along the rear corners of the main vimana .
The principal vimana is four - storeyed .
The आदितल storey of the superstructure over the aditala with its sanctum is projected forward over the आदितल a gable - like projection called sukanasika a characteristic of the Chalukyan आदितल southern temples as well as of the Chalukyan series .
Though the talas are square the griva and sikhara are octagonal making the vimana conform to the Dravida class of the composite type of the vimana .
The stupi now missing was not part of the का monolithic .
The walls are plain the pilasters simple the pilasters devoid of the दीवारे size and vyala grounds .
It contains a Somaskanda relief as the main deity on the back wall of the temple the Kailasanatha complex at Kanchi is a joint venture of Rajasimha and his son कांची III .
The main vimana is the कैलासनाथ ( now called the Kailasanatha ) facing east and four is storeyed ; the griva and sikhara are invariably square structures but octagonal .
The aditala is double - walled and its moulded base is prominently offset on all the four sides and four corners with lesser shrine - cells on the sides and corners for which the sanctum itself covers and सटे over the outer wall of the aditala .
While the adhishthana at the four corners are square with four - sided square vimanas with four - sided kuta हैं in all the four directions are laid with a small dvitala vimana oblong plan and the south , the Western and the पश्चिम
The corresponding one on the east is also oblong ; the sala superstructure having a passage through in place of a cella and functioning as the antarala passage to the main temple .
The kuta and sala आदितल of the abutting shrines are cleverly incorporated into the hara scheme over the prastara of the outer wall of the aditala as in शाला .
The cells of these abutting vimanas in their ground storeys enshrine forms of Siva .
The shrines face west north and north - east like the main temple .
The temple had to face bad times again till it became a protected monument and came to be used again .
Thus the खंड temple painted fragment mentioned earlier would be the earliest Pallava painting extant as found so far .
It consists of a four - storeyed main vimana dedicated to the topmost tala all the talas including the superposed garbha - griha to enshrine the three forms of Vishnu in place मुद्रा विमान विमान विमान विमान विमान and reclining forms .
The triple storey has been achieved through a system of three concentric walls forming three concentric squares one inside the other with ambulatory passages in between in the sandhara mode .
The aditala has thus its sanctum surrounded by two covered circumambulatory passages the outer one functioning as such while the inner one provides access to the second tala .
The open outer ambulatory of the second tala is surrounded by the parapet on top of the outermost wall formed by a hara of kutas salas and panjaras .
The innermost wall which rises up to the top of the third - tier cella has likewise a hara of kutas and salas .
The fourth tala , a small bottom carrying the octagonal griva and sikhara carries the stupi on top of which consisted of four lions originally - LRB - now fixed in stucco - RRB - at its four corners - LRB - कोनों - RRB - .
The central bays of the aditala outer wall have small door - openings while the lateral ones have devakoshthas with figure sculpture the intermediate recesses having perforated pilasters .
The bays and recesses of the upper tala outer walls have similar sculpture all the same .
The घिरा storey and the ardha - mandapa in front are surrounded by an open narrow circuit at the level of the base of the adhishthana .
It is surrounded by a dusty wall covered with a roof covered all the pillars forming on a raised platform with a row of आदितल pillars running up to a ceiling on the outer side and a ceiling on the outer one.
This arrangement when viewed from outside would simulate a pancha - tala appearance as in the case of the Shore temple described earlier .
Apart from the numerous divine दैवी and contemporary inscriptions on the पल्लवों and the ardha - mandapa the most interesting feature of the temple is that it has a series of sculpture - LRB - लेकर - RRB - containing the history of the Pallava पूर्वजों from the पल्लवों onwards .
The other temples of this period to be found in Kanchi though smaller in proportions are interesting for their architecture and science .
They are the ग्रेनाइट पत्थरों पत्थरों . . पत्थरों पत्थरों पत्थरों . . and पत्थरों temples built mainly in sandstone but invariably in ग्रेनाइट of the adhishthana and top of the भवन where the upa - pitha is also provided .
The superstructure of the की is lost .
The Kailasanatha at कैलासनाथ ( Tiruchirapalli district is a larger vimana in sandstone and is much like the Kailasanatha of Kanchi .
It is of the late eighth century and is an example of the provincial variety of the Pallava vimana .
But soon after during the reign of के Second Pallava the latter cave - temple in the latter half of the eighth century was cut off portions of the whole granite stone and पत्थरों as the जिला of a few smaller shrines and brick - built .
The three - storeyed structure of the पाषाण temple with bricks is remarkable in this पाषाण having all the three talas functional containing the standing पाषाण of Vishnu the पाषाण or पाषाण of the three original पश्चिम north - west and the पश्चिम on the other पश्चिम .
These two temples and the temples built at दक्षिण ( South Arcot district ) of large and handsome bricks built over a stone adhishthana rendering of the fact that the stone complex is being built not only after the use of stone but using stone .
The ruined पत्थर - built temples at जिला ( district ) are noted for their fine sculpture and are examples of pure पत्थर architecture and art .
THE राष्ट्रकूट - राष्ट्रकूट राष्ट्रकूट The structural experiments of the early Chalukyas are found confined to their capital ) ( Badami ) the adjacent महाकूटेश्वर and the mercantile cities of Aihole and में ( all in Bijapur district ) .
In all of them the native soft sandstone of fine grain and quality which was most easily used .
Before considering the famous and विमान forms of the temple of this series of temples it would be desirable to briefly consider some of the temples of the mandapa type which were the early temples of this series extant and early in cave - temples .
The two shrines of the नंदी group are merely mandapas - LRB - दीवारों - RRB - closed over the walls and flat नंदी with an outer Nandi - mandapa of a small size in front .
The छत is a massive structure the छत rising definitely as a mandapa on a moulded adhishthana with four central pillars more and less on each side carrying more than the two concentric pillars of the pillars of the height of the smaller ones घिरे in the inner recesses .
The central bay at the rear end with a slopy roof is converted into a shrine chamber with a plinth and slab walls .
Over the central पाषाण has been constructed an upper cell of heavy stone slabs .
The inscription of AD 634 may not relate to the stone structure of पाषाण as has come down to us but to an earlier structure perhaps of brickwork to which the inscribed stone प्रस्तर was attached or in front of which it stood.
For judging by the components of the adhishthana and the wall pilasters and their developed mouldings one can only attribute them on comparison with those in other cases in Aihole और and Badami to a date posterior to the first half the seventh century .
Another similar case is the case of the present महाकूटेश्वर temple the विमान विमान which is a purely stone - built structure may be from the date of the पाषाण tower or more than that of the विमान vimana .
The present stone temple of a later date than the pillar could have replaced an earlier brick structure that had the inscribed pillar in front .
The roof of the temple that is located in the central section was raised and there was slopy roof the central shrine was often as of the हुऋ - छतें Jain temple at छतें .
Coming to the typical vimana temples of the Chalukyas of Badami we find that the earliest essays were confined to the outskirts of the capital Badami and adjoining महाकूटेश्वर .
The prastara bays on the outer wall as also the adhishthana below have devakoshthas in the central bays on each side cut in intervals and painted on each side with lesser shrine - forms the one on which the prastara has on top .
The Mallikarjuna has a circular griva and sikhara over - मल्लिकार्जुन the square talas and is hence of the विमान order .
The Sangamesvara vimana which is tritala has a double - walled sandhara aditala with the outer - wall extended forward to form the ardha - mandapa over the wider adhishthana and widening beyond to form the closed maha - mandapa with four rows of five pillars each .
The महामंडप attached with an open row in the middle of the northern side of the maha - mandapa .
The exterior of the wall relieved and recessed alternately has a series of देवकोष्ठों .
The prastara over the outer wall of the vimana and its forward mandapa wall extension carries a hara of karnakutas and salas corresponding to the relieved bays below .
The hara body over them is composed of में panjaras perhaps the first appearance of every third characteristic organ in the vimanas of the Chalukyas and their derivatives.
The second tala too carries an upward projection of the inner wall of the aditala carries a hara of four karnakutas and four karnakutas while the third tala has four salas only on the cardinal sides coming in front of the nasika projections of the griva and sikhara region .
The भीतरी ends of the inner wall of the aditala are turned in to form the narrow front entrance of the antarala - mandapa .
The agra - mandapa has four pillars set up at the edge of the front end of the adhishthana with a raised छत roof .
The aisles of the antarala are continuous with the two walls round the shrine .
Its original dedication is uncertain .
The name Durga for the temple is misleading since it was evidently not dedicated to the goddess .
If the incongruous superstructure of the northern prasada type is not original the sanctum might have been either flat - roofed or might have had an apsidal roof of the pattern of की and अर्धवृत्ताकार apsidal temples .
It is essentially a three - storeyed sandhara vimana square on plan from its plinth to sikhara the two lower storeys being functional.
The kudu motifs on the cornice or kapota tier of the adhishthana have lost their original nasika shape and have become flat triangular reliefs precursors of the कुदु reliefs of the later Chalukyan and Hoysala temples .
Some of them relate to the dedication of metal images of various deities with details of their forms and appearances their measurements and हैं .
Others describe the various ornaments with details of weights of gold and gems their variety and quality the manner of their setting the weight of lac and the strings used.
The measurements of lands endowed are given to the fraction of the unit .
All this merely shows how meticulous the emperor was in matters relating to his great temple .
All these are later additions to this complex the last one pertaining to the Nayaka period .
This magnificent work of the Cholas began at राजेंद्र and from some of their थी it was only as incomplete as the construction of one more Chola structure inside the twenty years and was also produced by the same Brihadisvara son .
The newly built capital for the place of this great temple was chosen . - LRB - Tiruchirapalli district - RRB - it was named after the title of the king signifying his conquests and successful expedition to the Ganges .
The temple complex had only two entrances a gopura ( now shattered ) on the east and a plain double - storeyed torana gate on the north .
However a large part of the stone prakara wall was built on the river nearby during the last century in the building of a dam built on the river and the three axial mandapas were captured mostly by the मालिका and the विमान .
The vimana is of a lesser height and smaller magnitude than its predecessor pattern at Thanjavur but the sculpture on the wall niches bold and almost cut - out in the round is perhaps of greater excellence .
This temple too is a veritable museum of sculptures of varied iconography that include some fine dance नृत्य .
Of the coeval main gopuras the inner one in front and the rear ones are ruined on top and the taller outer - front gopura has the characteristic squat shape of the period .
The series of temples in the later Chola and late Pandya were often broken up by the interrupted Muslim invasion and again अंतर्गत under the Vijayanagar empire of पाषाण where the whole stone - built stone vimanas and gopuras were mostly used for stone purposes .
For example there is the पत्नी temple built by the Tamils for the consort of Lord विश्वेश्वर at Kasi - Varanasi .
These were also built in the precincts of or adjoining to earlier built temples that originally did not possess them like the Thanjavur Brihadisvara for example .
Assigned a definite location in the complex it is a separate vimana with a sala sikhara dedicated to devi as the divine consort of the presiding deity in the main vimana receiving equal importance in the rituals of worship and in the festivities .
The temples built by or under the patronage of the Hoysalas in south Deccan and Mysore are of the very simple dense and fine - grained soft तंतुओं दक्कन or दक्कन which permits fine and minute तंतुओं .
The temple unit in general consists of a vimana connected with another mandapa .
It is not unusual that the navaranga has three main vimanas on the three sides of a common navaranga in a temple unit ; it is joined by the विमानों while its fourth side is the main entrance or the विमानों .
It is planning as a class should be turned on its nails in such a way that its ends or ends are looked upon as if patterns were to touch it in a circular circle sixteen or thirty - two more points .
This star - shaped external configuration is extended from the upa - pitha to the apex of the vimana superstructure .
This incidentally provided a larger surface area for the execution of the होयसल prolific sculpture and carving for which the Hoysala temples are known .
The superstructure is a close hara elements . essentially of kutas rising one behind the other ; each marking one storey the topmost one carrying a short griva and octagonal sikhara terminating in a stupi .
The middle of the front face of the upper talas is drawn forward into a sukanasika over the antarala below .
The विमान built in विमान among the many other temples of the period about AD विमान is a set of similar vimana units each dedicated to Siva on a common platform a combination of two विमान upa - pitha .
Each unit consists of a vimana of a star - shaped plan with antarala and navaranga in front facing east .
Each navaranga has three projected entrances in a स्वस्तिक manner with the northern arm of the southern navaranga से by the southern arm of the northern navaranga resulting in a common passage between the two .
The पशु of both the units are made up of elaborate animal or narrative friezes forming their respective tiers .
The walls of the vimana the inter - connecting भीतर and the walls of the mandapas are covered externally with large sculptural reliefs of remarkable excellence .
The मकर of the मकर are framed by elaborately carved over - doors on the entrances of the shrine - cells and are equipped with the makara torana शहतीर on top .
The upa - pitha platform provides a broad है open circumambulatory round both the units .
In front of the temple units there are at some distance two open - pillared Nandi - mandapas both asymmetrical and later additions which are of the rear shrine .
The Kesava temple सोमनाथ is a fine example of one of the latest in the series of Hoysala creation .
It was built in सोमनाथ by सोमनाथ a general of the Hoysala king .
It is a trikuta temple with three principal vimanas of equal magnitude facing north and south respectively opening into a larger and closed common mandapa on its north west and south sides .
This axial series is surrounded by an open court with a peripheral cloister of sixty - four shrines inside the prakara wall .
The shrines are ranged on the rear half of the cloister close to the prakara while the anterior half forms a continuous corridor with a pillared गलियारा .
The मनुष्यों of the adhishthana are exquisitely carved with friezes of men योद्धाओं warriors योद्धाओं elephants हाथियों हंसों and हाथियों the topmost tier by a series of narrative panels depicting incidents from the Ramayana and the हाथियों .
The wall niches have boldly moulded figure sculptures of gods and goddesses .
The pillars inside the mandapa are all finely lathe - turned with gracefully carved उत्कीर्ण .
The main temple of this group is built in सन् on a high platform with a Nandi - mandapa in front of it .
It is enclosed by a massive wall .
The three sides of the essentially square plan vimana are prominently offset into five bays each the central one on each side further offset forward and constituting a three - tiered replica of the main vimana on a lesser scale .
An adjacent high point in other sections.
The griva too is abbreviated and less distinct and almost of the same width as the domical sikhara .
The entire superstructure is of brick .
घिरा a closed square antarala or ardha - mandapa connecting the vimana with a large navaranga in front which is surrounded by a peripheral platform the घिरा with an outer series of thirty - two pillars and a passage .
The most noteworthy feature is the array of brackets in the form of female figures rising from the capitals of the pillars and शहतीरों up the beams and the नारी .
Twelve of these are almost life - size figures of slender build and in graceful poses .
The rest are rearing vyalas their hind legs resting on elephant heads.
One such unit is at पिल्लालमारी .
The single vimana units the विमान of which the typical example is the great temple at Palampet show variations in विमान plan विमान rise and embellishments .
The vimana in particular is connected with the agra - mandapa by a antarala that has three porches on the other side .
The mandapa after the navaranga pattern has four central pillars which are highly finished and are decorative lathe - turned with basal and top cubical sections on the shaft with their faces sculptured and an intervening polygonal belt .
The pillars of the great temple at Palampet and in the triple shrine of पालमपेट are of black granite lathe - turned and highly polished while in the other cases they are of sandstone ( बालुकाश्म ) .
Similar shorter peripheral pillars over the वेदी of the mandapas as at मंडपों and Palampet often carry remarkable bracket - figures of पशुओं or Puranic animals .
The three entrances the three - storeyed vimana the ardha - mandapa and the plan of the mandapa are विमान in the great temple at Palampet and in some other temples the विमान of the भग्नावशेष mandapam in the ruins of the भग्नावशेष temple and the भग्नावशेष .
This historical ऐतिहासिक will help in the proper evaluation of the zeal and inspiration that the founders of विजयनगर and their children
This will have helped the Vijayanagar craftsmen guilds even in their initial achievement which was considerable enough after the stagnation that ensued due to the invasions and chaos .
The default of the continuity of the vimana temple in hard stone was not so sharp in that region as the rigid stone was making the choice and character of the far - off south throughout the period so far as Vijayanagar was in the reign of शासन .
A list of such workers was given in the inscription in the seventh century AD दिल्ली ( दिल्ली ) and a central architect ( धर्मराज ) to the establishment of a लुहार लुहार ( पत्थर ) .
Similarly the much advanced design and execution of the Virupaksha temple built by the queen of Vikramaditya II ( रानी ) the characteristics of the Kailasanatha temple brought from Kanchipuram and his own hand in it had been a direct imitation of the Pallava capital some decades .
( A . N . A . D . ) A History of South India . Third Edition Madras 1966 1966 1966 .
Each door - opening has a flight of steps on the top of the adhishthana with a pair of अधिष्ठान . projecting as in the Hoysala examples .
The eastern doorway forms the principal entrance .
On the right turn of the outer wall is a series of pilasters with full capitals and the बीच between the pairs of pilasters have niches of the देवकोष्ठ or torana types .
They have a galaxy of more than sixty sculptures or sculpture - groups of varying iconography making the temple a veritable museum of iconography and sculpture .
This is an imitation in the पाषाण of what the Hoysala predecessors could do in their पाषाण fabric.
Each of the six doorways is guarded by a single pair of द्वारपालों Shaiva and two of the द्वारपालों शैव शैव while the others are of the शाक्त Sakta modes which are identified by their attire and features .
The wall has the prastara over which carries the usual prastara components but the difference is that the kapota or flexed cornice or eaves has a double पर section instead of the single - flexed kapota .
Moreover the भीतरी whose inner and curved भीतरी and the भीतरी are the भीतरी imitation of the original wooden structure of the ancient कपोतों पर with a wooden block projected for work by an eaves - out over the top .
This delicate imitation is to be seen in the विजयनगर of numerous Vijayanagar structures as for example in the famous kalyana - mandapa of the विजयनगर temple in Kanchipuram .
Another distinctive Vijayanagar innovation - LRB - which was perhaps intended to show the skills acquired by their artisans working on hard stone - RRB - is the पाषाण of the stone series which would indicate the Eastern stone corner of the same cornice or kapota ) .
The inner wall of the rear apse encloses the sanctum or the garbha - griha है the principal लिंग linga with a narrow antarala in front .
On either side of the antarala and with door - openings facing east in line with that of the antarala are two cells one on each side .
The one on the south enshrines Ganapati and the other on the north enshrines Durga as had become the norm from the Chalukyan period .
The one on the south enshrines Brahma with his consort Sarasvati the one on the west and Vishnu with his consort Lakshmi and the one on the north enshrines में or Siva with his consort Uma .
Thus the grouping round the main sanctum forms the परिसर complex of five subsidiary shrines hugging close on to the sanctum core .
The three door - openings in the outer wall of the rear apse each come opposite the three affluent shrines of Brahma the पश्चिम Vishnu and Siva on the south west and north respectively .
The अंतराल front has two dvarapalas one of which curiously enough is Hanuman while the other is sage संत .
The maha - mandapa in front of the main vimana is of the Chalukyan navaranga pattern . and its four central pillars in contrast to the greyish granite of the rest of the entire structure are polished shining black though of square section and embellished with panels of sculpture and carvings.
The vimana superstructure of brick has a prominent sukanasika .
There is an Amman shrine vimana to its north also of the same category .
Its agra - mandapa of the Vijayanagar period is noted for its sculptured columns and contemporary ceiling paintings .
The most interesting painting is a panel depicting the sage राज a successor of राज Sankaracharya and संत of the Sringeri और being taken in a procession in a palanquin with royal honours and paraphernalia .
The main east gopura built of brick is one of the largest Vijayanagar विमानों .
They conform more to the रखनेवाली - Chola traditions and form a continuing link with temples of the earlier युगों .
The after - Vijayanagar temples after the fall of the central power in 1564 and the युद्ध of Vijayanagar city the capital of the वेल्लोर Empire was shifted in succession to वेल्लोर Chandragiri and finally to Vellore .
What may be reasonably considered to be the quintessence of later Vijayanagar architecture and sculptural art as evolved in the southern half of the Vijayanagar empire is its unique example in the large Ranganatha temple complex in Srirangam .
It may be considered to be the precursor of or the model for the exquisitely designed and का carved Subrahmanya temple unit of Nayaka times inside the Thanjavur Brihadisvara temple complex .
Based on an inscription found elsewhere ( the report of रानी रानी ) ( A . R . E . ) in accordance with the reports made by some scholars that the वैष्णव temple of कृष्ण was established at कृष्ण near कृष्ण temple at रानी .
It is located inside the fifth south prakara west of the utsava - mandapam called locally मंडपम - mandapa .
It has a storeyed vimana aditala built of fine grained white granite surmounted by a brickwork superstructure and a front - mandapa in front of the vimana .
The recessed wall spaces carry fully formed kumbha panjara motifs in the vimana part while in similar situations on the mandapas they are elaborately carved में the so called भित्तिस्तंभ the so called भित्तिस्तंभ that they are pilasters हैं the basal kumbha or पंजर pilasters .
It may perhaps be a Vijayanagar renovation of an earlier foundation during the Hoysala interregnum and not a standing Hoysala example as some scholars aver in the wake of the suggestion of the होयसल .
In this type the भूमि are divided into plain भूमि short pilasters and recessed walls that divide the entire pyramidal superstructure into square tiers .
The top is crowned by a griva ग्रीवा शिला and stupi as is usual in northern prasada types .
The other structures standing inside the enclosure of the महाकूटेश्वर temple complex except the मल्लिकार्जुन and the Mallikarjuna which are southern vimana type and the Sangamesvara which is of the northern prasada type are variants of the Chalukya - Kadamba style .
Similar temples are to be found at नागार्जुनकोंडा near Nagarjunakonda .
This type became more common in the northern territories of the Vijayanagar empire as at Hampi .
Like the Draupadi ratha the Kerala temples in their simplest form have only four essential parts instead of six of the simple vimana namely the विमान or adhishthana the भित्ति the भित्ति the भित्ति the भित्ति or the stupi or , .
The prastara and griva below the ultimate roof are extinct .
The usual plan for the srikoyil or vimana is square or circular and triangular .
The rectangle is more common for the mandapas and gopuras which are called मंडपों .
The छत of the roof project beyond the wall forming well - formed eaves - like kapota .
The double - walled or walled with a sandhara विमानों or प्रदक्षिणा passage in larger vimanas is दुहरी .
The circumambulatory has round the shrine chamber as the inner wall rising up to form the second tala making up a conical or pyramidal gable roof .
The circumambulatory has a roof at a lesser level which slopes down from the middle height of the inner wall and projects eaves - like over the top of the outer wall .
The roof or sikhara is of the कूटकागार or dome - shaped and the sides join the stupi on the top with gable , or with extended gable ends .
The nirandhara walled are devoid of an ekatala structure of a शुकनासा while the sandhara संधार with an बीच passage in between ekatala structure of any plan has of necessity a शुकनासा as also its sandhara forms and also the triple - storeyed structure .
This flag arising out of what it is called the kapota tier of the tala prastara in a southern vimana pattern .
The thick - walled दीवार pattern shows the hara over the निकलने or के runs because it is the case of the दीवार rising from a convenient level of the दीवार itself by the well - drained दीवार .
The actual water - proof covering is laid over the planks in the form of खंडजे tiles or metal ( copper or brass ) .
The kutas are छाई over the नारी of the slopy roof over the face of the inner wall though the ceiling is ढलती down from नारी to नारी and नारी over the top of the wall .
The inner wall rises up to a further level carrying the four - sided domical ultimate roof or sikhara also of metal sheet with a stupi on top .
The sikhara roof has four nasikas or नासिकाएं at the middle of its four sides .
In between the Rama and Siva shrines there is a third shrine dedicated to है or Harihara circular in plan and two - storeyed in size .
In the north दिशाओं east and south there are two large bays in the middle which have a false door inside the मकर torana .
The other bays correspond to the code and the panjara models - all the शाला specimens - LRB - in later शाला - RRB - are the sala sikhara motifs on the shorter and more closely set pairs of pilasters - LRB - भित्तिस्तंभ ) .
The open courtyard on the south of the देवियों temple comprises the Saptamatrika group and as a symbol of the integral deities there is only a line of पद्म . alone a line of सप्तमातृका पद्म of the Kerala temples .
There is a small shrine for Ganapati interposed between the Siva and Harihara temple .
The style of the temples of Tamil Nadu with an open - pillared mandapa around the complex with pillars and stone slabs and with an oriental gopura at the north of the gopura has a gable roof and stupi in छत style .
The srikoyil of the famous कृष्ण temple dedicated to Krishna is square and two - storeyed with metal - sheet gable roofs as in the above two cases .
The roof tops of the upper roof have advanced beyond the wooden के profusely carved with four काठ nasikas projected from the छत .
The छत temple is almost similar quadrangular on plan and double - walled with the roof in two storeys .
The lower pent roof slopes down on the top of the shorter outer wall and the upper pyramidal or kuta roof cap the top of the inner wall .
There is a सामने - mandapa in front with a slopy roof and projected gable at both ends .
The छत temple near खपरैल is another type of छत square - walled square on plan and two - storeyed shrine with its roof made of modern tiles .
The Subrahmanya temple at सुब्रह्मण्य is another example of a two - storeyed structure of the गज class with a square . - mandapa and a transversely oblong mukha - mandapa in front all metal sheet - roofed and having a tiled खपरैल of a lesser height .
The decayed temple at स्थित and the one at के near Kozhikode are yet other examples of the same group .
The comparatively modern मलाबार temple at मलाबार in north Malabar also belongs to the three tiers the two lower ones being ढलुबां and खपरैल while the upper one is a precipitous roof or छत the ultimate apsidal roof is of copper sheets .
The देसी or the Durga temple at दुर्गा is now a total modern renovation of course in the indigenous style .
The stone temple of स्वामी स्वामी built in the central temples of the southern - style vimanas in the same pattern as those of concentrated Tamil Nadu in the southern Travancore and Kanyakumari with the stone temple of the later Chola or पाषाण .
king Akbar second son Abu Zafar was established by Mughal Empire in 1526 by Shah .
After ascending the throne in 1837 he assumed the title of Abu Zafar Muhammad गाजी Bahadur Shah Ghazi .
Little is known about Abu Zafar ' s childhood .
Where he was born the secret also lies .
He was taught Urdu by weight in Arabic and Persian and by boys bent over riding तलवारबाजी and guns .
He was a good निशानेबाज and an excellent निशानेबाज in the country .
He was a scholar of Sufi philosophy a scholar expert and a poet in the Persian खां खां खां two great poets of his age Ibrahim असद and Asad Beg Khan in Ghalib .
The निर्वासन which the निर्वासन wrote during his period of exile deserve a place in literature for their music and sensibility .
He did not like alcohol or tobacco and was fond of good food .
He married several times and had the usual complement of दासियों slave girls and दासियों .
His favourite wife was Zeenat Mahal whom he married late in life who shared his love in the last days of exile and misfortune .
As a ruler man Bahadur Shah looked upon the British in India as his subjects because the Diwani of Bengal signed by his grandfather Shah Alam in 1765 was स्वामिभक्ति an oath of loyalty to the British under its terms .
What is different is that the East India Company and the British Government considered them as a pensioner only to the nominal rulers who were entitled to a monthly stipend of Rs one lakh and whose jurisdiction was confined to the walls of the Red Fort .
Bahadur Shah was 82 - year - old when the uprising of 1857 .
After the defeat of the rebels at the end of September Shah escaped to the tomb of Humayun and later on he surrendered himself on a promise to be spared by the British .
He was subsequently tried by a military सैनिक on charges of treason , conspiracy विद्रोह rebellion and murder .
The evidence produced in the case was mostly irrelevant and कानूनन but Bahadur Shah was found guilty of all the charges and was expelled .
His trial and conviction were clearly a travesty of justice and in the nature of a प्रतिशोध .
Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru in 1946 wrote an introduction to a book on the trial of the I. N. A. trial " Eighty years ago another trial was held in this Red Fort of Delhi the last of a great line.
The trial gave rise to a chapter in Indian history . "
Pandit Nehru was referring to the last ruler of the Imperial House of Taimur .
बहादुरशाह versions have been written by historians and politicians about Bahadur Shah Zafar and his trial it is difficult to find a clear picture of the legal issues of significance connected with the trial .
There is no doubt that after the " freedom struggle of 1857 the British had preferred to say it a mutiny or a revolt " the British had built अंग्रेज in the Indian subcontinent and were able to act in all manner with Indians .
They could at any time be kings or राजा in any part of the country and pick any prince to the throne .
He was given an undignified seat near the Speaker to sit .
On his left side stood a loyal servant behind him .
He sat on the ground with a थे .
In the beginning he seemed to be quite alarmed and felt impatient but gradually his face became विरक्त and he wore a अदालत of indifference and when the most part of the court proceedings began to तंद्रा .
That he made many a षड्यंत्र against the British Government in India and instead of discharging his duties in the Free State he declared himself a बगावत and a खिलाफ on 11 May 1857 or about it .
The prosecutor stated that the prisoner might be convicted by the court ; but he could not be convicted but that as Lt. General Sir विलसन Wilson had promised his life बख्श before taking him into custody .
The British wanted to crush freedom of expression and दमन repression of any organised attempt to overthrow the ruling .
They took full liberty with the provisions of the Indian Penal Code ( the Indian Penal Code ) and the Criminal Procedure Code ( राजद्रोह ) to punish the people who raised their voice against oppression and exploitation .
Lord Curzon ' s partition of Bengal in 1905 led to violent protests in Bengal and all over the country .
हिंसक and non - violent ways were adopted to register protest.
The death of two British women in Muzaffarpur - मुजफ्फरपुर in Bihar was followed by ruthless repression on an unprecedented scale .
Innocent people were shot arrested jailed and tortured by the British authorities .
There were four such editorials : " The country ' s misfortune " the double blow that means " , the crisis " and that ' s not enough .
It is an interesting coincidence that it was the same Davar who as a barrister a decade earlier in August - January 1897 had appeared for Tilak .
In the meantime he had been elevated to the Bench and he ceased to be an advocate for a cause but a judge of the British court .
As Bacon has observed " When a lawyer sits in the chair of a judge he is another man . "
Mr Justice Davar of 1908 was a man totally different from the latter who had pleaded for Tilak in 1897 .
There was a general atmosphere of fear and terror .
Tilak could not employ a senior lawyer for his defence neither did he come forward to defend him .
After Tilak ' s arrest his lieutenant Kelkar found it difficult to get even the papers of the case printed in any of the Bombay presses who feared offending the British .
In such a situation Tilak had no alternative but to contend with himself .
Of the nine members of the special jury six were Europeans two Parsis and one Jew .
" You thereby made an offence punishable under Section 124 - A of the Indian Penal Code and within the cognisance of the High Court .
" You thereby made an offence punishable under Section 153 A of the Indian Penal Code and within the cognisance of the High Court . "
Case No. 17
" You thereby made an offence punishable under Section 124 - A of the Indian Penal Code and within the jurisdiction of the High Court .
" You thereby made an offence punishable under Section 153 A of the Indian Penal Code and within the cognisance of the High Court .
I wanted to bring the matter to His हिज ' s notice but I thought it was a small matter .
Gentlemen of the jury you will have to leave all that out of that question .
I know that there are certain prejudices against me .
I request you to keep aside those prejudices.
I decided to defend myself one of the reasons for this was that you would also have the opportunity to learn me .
I have told you perhaps bluntly what I have done .
But I believe nay I believe you will find nothing against me .
After considering all the circumstances you would have kept me innocent .
I am entirely convinced that I am not going to ask you for it but an appeal for the purpose which I am proud to have before you .
This object is sacred and I am sure that the Almighty Creator before whom we all collectively present one day gives you the courage to stand firm on your principles and help you on the issue of this case in a right decision .
The Advocate General then put his case before him " I believe that no defence argument is ever दलील which can be seriously considered although the accused took much time to explain the case .
हुए the scene of anarchy before the jury he went on to say " If it is not treason in the eyes of law unto one who is intended for such purpose the sooner the law is passed for all concerned and the sooner it is determined .
The judge was at last about eight o 'clock in the night when he summing up the matter .
He said " I ask you again to judge the accused by what comes before you as to what you have heard in this room and what you have read of his writings .
Apply your minds entirely to the articles before you and tell me what is your verdict on the charges .
There are three charges: you are at liberty to acquit or convict on all three or acquit or convict on any one or two .
The extremists who were also known as the nationalists formed a very distinct group .
After the scheme of partition of Bengal was announced by Lord Curzon on 7th July 1905 Krishna Kumar Mitra wrote an article in बंगाल asking the Bengalis to बहिष्कार the use of foreign articles as far as possible .
It was the origin of the Swadeshi movement which was also known as the ' Boycott Movement.
विदेशी of foreign articles and clothes were lit in every part of India and there were shops selling foreign goods .
The government took vigorous steps to close newspapers prosecute publishers मुकदमे writers and editors and arrested many young people in Bengal .
Mr Kingsford the Chief Presidency Magistrate of Calcutta true to his form pronounced his harsh sentence upon students leaders and journalists who in turn decided to liquidate कलकत्ता
Kingsford was transferred to Muzaffarpur ( now in Bihar ) as the district judge .
The revolutionaries deputed two young men Khudiram Bose and Prafulla Chaki from Calcutta to Muzaffarpur .
They kept track of Kingsford ' s movements and discovered that the latter with his wife generally went to the प्लांटर्स Club in the evening .
One evening they threw bombs on the carriage फिटन for the carriage of gold and silver ; but Mrs Kennedy her daughter and her daughter were moving into the firing .
Whatever the young poet ' s achievement in the field of letters the Maharshi was adamant that his son should also accept his responsibilities as a man and as a son of a land - owning family .
Rabindranath could no longer evade his father ' s command that he should take full charge of the family estates which were at that time spread over a large area in north - east Bengal and Orissa .
Much as he may have भार at first from this onerous responsibility he was later grateful to his father for having yoked him to it .
This teaching was not only necessary for the building of a hidden personality in him but for the year he lived in rural Bengal which enabled his kinship with nature to its most dispersed diversity and extended all the time .
It was a rich food for his poetry .
But even richer was the intimacy he thus gained with the actual life of the common people the constant struggle for nature ' s indifference to its rigid social habits and the worse indifference of the विदेशी and alien political domination .
This document proved a blessing for Rabindranath ' s genius and proved to be in a genuine fashion his story - writer सामाजिक enough to prove his worth the name .
Since these letters were not intended for publication he was wrote freely and without self - awareness .
Those aspects of nature who loved best were space ( space ) and motion and the sky and river which assured their heart .
After that I left my studies and went to Baroda where my brother Aurobindo Ghose was a professor at बडौदा .
There I devoted myself to reading history and political literature .
After staying there for a year I came back to Calcutta with the intention of conducting a political missionary .
As I wandered from district to district I established व्यायाम where boys studied in nursing and took to politics .
By this time I had known all the बंगाल in Bengal .
After reading there for a year I came back to Bengal to accept that pure political propaganda was insufficient for the country and it is necessary to prepare people mentally for the dangers .
I intended to establish a religious institution .
By this time the ' Swadeshi ' and ' boycott ' movement had already started .
I decided to take some men along with them to teach them and build the band that has been arrested .
that you collected हथियार arms and ammunition at several places in Bengal including युद्ध युद्ध 'in about or about a year before or about 15 May 1908 and there was an intention of waging war against the King Emperor of India .
That you might ask for the existence of an Indian offence punishable under Section 121 - A . D . . of waging war against His Majesty the King Emperor of India one year before or near the other .
On behalf of the defence as many as eleven substantial legal objections regarding the jurisdiction of the accused the बचाव evidence and the method of searches were made .
All these objections were overruled and Mr E. Norton opened the case for the Crown which took him six days .
In all 206 witnesses were cross - examined on behalf of the empire and a large number of massive documents were produced .
The Government counsel concluded his evidence on 4th March 1909 and thereafter the judge asked the accused to give evidence against him and nearly all the accused declined to answer the questions asked for and only the arguments on their behalf were to be answered .
Mr Norton then began his argument which he finished on March 20 .
The defence counsel and the अदालत then addressed the court .
Mr C . R . Das pleaded for Au - अरविंद for eight days .
After all analysing the evidence Mr Das said " I appeal to you that this man of yours who is alleged to have died in the dock of this उद्धारक is bound to be free from the blind faith and not to leave the world alone . "
When he is away from this world his words will be echoed not only in India but across distant seas and seas .
That is why I have said that a person like him does not just go into the dock of the Bar at this court but is standing in the dock of the High Court of history . "
The judgment was delivered on 6th May 1909 following the arguments of other advocates of the पक्ष .
The learned Sessions Judge passed the sentence .
उल्लासकर उल्लासकर Ghose and Ullaskar
Accused . दास दास Bhusan बनर्जी were sentenced to transportation for life under Section 121 121 121 121 121 - A and 122 Indian Penal Code .
Accused परेश मलिक Malik Kumar Ghose निर्वासन safety Roy is sentenced to ten years' transportation under Sections 121 - A and 122 I. P. .
The properties of all the accused will be forfeited to the government .
Asoke Chandra Nandy बालकृष्ण Hard . Sushil Kumar Sen are sentenced to seven - year - old transportation .
Krishna सान्याल Sanyal is sentenced to one year ' s rigorous imprisonment under Section 121 - A .
The rest of the accused are acquitted and to be set free .
Send the record to the High Court for confirmation of the sentence of death . "
While commenting on the trial the Chief Prosecutor . Norton said " The ring - leader was a young man of unusual ability .
In his voluntary self - confession he has taken the whole blame to himself and to exonerate his colleagues .
Birth in spite of being a European British citizen he refused to submit to the trial before the High Court although he refused to accept any ब्रिटिश he declared his ' R ' s ' अरविंद ' s ब्रिटिश and अरविंद ' s वकील ' .
From 9th August the Chief Justice ( सर ) with the title अगस्त ( and Justice ) began hearing the appeal .
C . R . Das who again took the responsibility of the trial pleaded for his clients with great skill and skill .
The ground on which Das argued the case may be briefly mentioned as an example of his wide knowledge of law and great forensic talents .
Barindra Kumar and Ullaskar were charged with the offences under Sections 121 121 121 - A 122 and 123 of the Indian Penal Code .
For prosecution under these Sections he said It is absolutely necessary to have the sanction of the government under Section 196 of the Criminal Procedure Code .
Complaints under these Sections can be made only on the basis of that admission . "
Das raised the question that the government ' s sanction for prosecution had been asked under Sections 121 - A 122 and 123 of the Indian Penal Code but not under Section 121 .
There is thus no sanction for prosecution under this Section nor can there be any valid charge - sheet in the circumstances .
He said " Death is the extreme penalty under Section 121 of the Indian Penal Code but since there was no regular sanction for the charge under this Section Barindra and Ullaskar must be acquitted of offence under that section .
The judges accepted the दास of Das' s argument and dropped the charge under Section 121 .
He had been the head of St. Paul ' s and won a scholarship at King' s College Cambridge .
Both won honours at the University and in the final examination of the Indian Civil Service.
Aurobindo the prisoner beat the judge न्यायाधीश in the Greek language 5 .
After his acquittal on 6th May 1909 Aurobindo Ghose left politics altogether and ultimately settled down in Pondicherry .
There he set up an Ashram to work out spiritual salvation for himself and others .
Vinayak passed the Marathi fourth standard at the age of ten .
He joined the Shivaji High School at Nasik in 1895 and passed the matriculation examination in 1901 .
At eighteen he topped in an essay competition .
He was sentenced to two consecutive life - पानी which meant transportation for three years .
Their properties were also seized .
During his ten years in the Andaman Jail from 1911 to 1921 Vinayak composed poems : spread literacy among the prisoners and dispelled superstitions from the minds of Hindu convicts हटाकर them to the Hindu fold.
In the Andaman and Nicobar he wrote a poem called कमला which was later named Vinayak कमला .
In the first night of the jail he wrote the poem ' The Great Bear ' and in his poem ' The ' मातृभूमि ' .
After his release from jail he wrote the story of his life in the Andamans : अंडमान fan .
He was elected President of the Hindu Mahasabha in Ahmedabad .
After 1943 Savarkar led a retired life and died in 1966 at his home in Bombay .
Savarkar ' s trial in The Hague the court of Arbitration vs. Great Britain before the court and the trial in India were landmarks in contemporary legal and political history .
During his stay in London for five years he did not take any action publicly against British laws but his participation in political activities irked the British Government which was searching for grounds for action against them .
The British adopted a dubious method to suppress their voice and curb their activities .
Savarkar was proclaimed a fugitive an offender for his political activities by the Indian Government who wrote to the British Government to भेजने him to India to face trial .
Savarkar who had gone to England as a student on a regular passport to England was charged under the इंग्लैंड . Act 1881 .
In an unprecedented step the British Government issued a warrant for his arrest from the Bow Street court London on 22nd February 1910 .
( i ) To war against His Majesty the King or to introduce war ;
( 2 ) The conspiracy to deprive His Majesty of the sovereignty of British India or a part of it .
( 3 ) Collecting and distributing arms and हत्या the killing of Jackson .
He was arrested in England in 1910 for the so - called speeches delivered in India in 1906 .
He was produced in the Bow Street police court on 14th March 1910 .
After a few पुलिस on April 20 the magistrate refused to release him on bail and Savarkar was transferred from Bow Street police custody to इंग्लैंड Jail in England awaiting further orders for his transportation to India to stand trial.
Mr सावरकर counsel for Savarkar made an application for a writ of habeas corpus and also appealed against the decision of the Bow Street court .
The habeas corpus application and appeal were heard on 2nd and 3rd June 1910 by the Divisional Court .
The presiding judge upheld the decision of the Bow Street court and rejected the petition .
Again an appeal was filed in the High Court but Mr सावरकर Williams the Chief Justice of the British High Court endorsed the decision of the ब्रिटिश Court endorsed Savarkar allowing him to give him the case to be instituted in India by a special ordinance .
Justice Coleridge who was in minority असहमति and held that Savarkar should not be sent to India but the majority view affirmed his transportation to India .
Savarkar was kept in custody till July 1910 in the British jail and preparations were made to send him to India to try his case against him .
When the court resumed hearing on 26th September it was argued before the Tribunal that they should stay the proceedings and allow Savarkar ' s petition against his arrest at Marseilles on the French soil to go to the French and British governments .
This objection was rejected .
On the 27th and 28th September the Advocate General continued his address .
After two prosecution witnesses had been examined the court asked Savarkar to cross - examine them if he so desired.
He added that he had entirely abandoned himself to the French nation which called itself the land of fraternity equality and fraternity ' it would not take any part in the trial .
Savarkar ' s counsel Mr Baptista also raised the point that Savarkar ' s arrest on French soil was illegal.
The court overruled all objections on 1st October 1910 .
The provisions of the प्रत्यर्पण Act were also considered .
Savarkar was asked to comment by the court and refused to say anything .
The sentence was remarkable for the use of " justice " in India for its political ends . न्यायिक the example of injustice in Indian legal history .
After the verdict of conviction from the बंबई Jail ( where he was kept during trial ) सावरकर was shifted to the अंडमान Jail and from there to Thana for July 4 1911 .
He was kept in a solitary कारावास but neither did he loose his self - control nor was his spirit reduced .
After some time the entire country was दबाना for Savarkar ' s release. It became difficult for the government to resist the demand .
He was brought to India after the First World War in 1921 and kept at Yervada Jail .
In 1923 the Indian National Congress at its Kakinada session passed a resolution demanding the release of Savarkar .
A ray of hope was shown .
After substituting a few words Savarkar accepted the terms signed the terms and was released सप्रतिबंध on 6th July 1924 .
On the following morning between six and seven Savarkar swam ashore and then began .
Three men on the side of the ship helped the Brigadier in taking the जहाज back .
On 9th July the " S. S . सावरकर " left Marseilles with Savarkar .
" It appears that the Brigadier saw the explorers flying in the sea and swim to the समुद्र .
At the same time some of the crew on board arrived at the beach screaming and चिल्लाते .
A number of people were shouting at the beach .
After fleeing for 500 metres the Brigadier arrested the ब्रिगेडियर .
The Brigadier declares that he was not aware of the जहाज and that he was one of the crew who had committed an offence .
Seeing the assistance offered to him by a co - पुलिस and two Indian policemen it appears that these people came up after the arrest was over and their intervention was auxiliary to the action of the Brigadier .
On his own initiative the Mahatma came to Meerut on 27th October 1929 to meet the communist बैरकों in his barracks .
He spent about two hours with the prisoners and asked them to :
" I want to be here for the present reason and in my humble and practical way to show that the trial is wholly wrong in any sense that you may not be able to secure the freedom from the Bombay High Court to the Bombay High Court .
On March 21 Jawaharlal Nehru issued a statement describing the arrests as' primarily directed against the labour movement and the youth League .
He claimed that the government wanted to आतंक terror through these arrests and गिरफ्तारियों .
He sought to raise funds for the accused and international sympathy and support .
The accused were kept in Meerut Jail by the local police who took remand from time to time every two weeks .
As a conspiracy trial under the legal system prevailing in British India had to be preceded by a preliminary enquiry by a special magistrate it had a very delayed start due to the massive documents seized by the police in indiscriminate searches and seizures throughout India .
Preliminary Enquiry The preliminary enquiry began on 12th June 1927 almost eleven weeks after the arrests.
And it is ironical that during this period he wrote his novels on the pages of the letters नौका : this was one of his great stories which came out of them for the pure entertainment of his readers .
This story is based on the dilemma of mistaken identity resulting in an exchange of wives delightfully told if even the story of nature ' s extraordinary grandeur .
Four months after the death of his daughter Renuka the poet suffered another grievous sorrow .
A young and promising poet राय Roy died of small - pox.
The whole school had to be shifted to Shelidah for the time being for fear of the epidemic .
Soon after his father the Maharshi passed away on 19 January 1905 aged eighty - eight .
The death of this remarkable and towering personality marks the end of an era of religious and cultural resurgence of intellectual and moral stalwarts who paved the way of India ' s political emergence .
Henceforth political ends and not moral or intellectual ideals will dominate the Indian scene despite the great dreams of a Gandhi or a Tagore .
Lord Curzon the then Viceroy of India ' s धार्मिक mind made some decisions which caused not only irritation of the people but also the fact that the phenomenon of partition was the beginning of two major religious communities of India .
Their newspapers were continually preaching the " साम्यवाद of communism and they formed the youth League poison the nation ' s minds .
The accused had engineered taken part in and spoken at various kinds of demonstrations which were intended by the accused to educate the सर्वहारा in order to initiate them into the mysteries of class - war and dictatorship of the के . "
The defence was represented by a number of prominent Indian lawyers : के like K . F. Nariman L . K . Sinha . M . C . C . Gupta . of चक्रवर्ती चक्रवर्ती .
The senior defence counsel D . P . Sinha maintained that it was the first systematic case of the government which was being conducted by some individuals owing to certain व्यक्तियों ideals and certain faith - LRB - although these were not illegal .
Apart from the charges enumerated by the prosecuting officer C . Chakravarty argued that it would appear that the government was prosecuting the accused as well as the Soviet Government with them .
He said " Thus the only law which applied to such a conspiracy case was the नेशन्स of Nations' and a municipal tribunal as the district court of Meerut had no right to try it . "
Most of the defendants did not exercise their right to cross - examine the witnesses for the prosecution make statements or give evidence on their behalf in the court .
Only three of the accused made specific statements in defence .
In pursuance of the Indian legal process the Indian assessors rendered their opinion on 17th August 1932 which was mere judgment ' it was not ' binding ' according to law .
Nevertheless it may be noted that they found most of the so - called communists " guilty 'and the so - called non - communists " .
After a delay of five months the Sessions Judge R . 1933 delivered his verdict on 17th January 1933 which was a judgment in law but subject to appeal to the High Court at Allahabad .
Of the thirty - one accused बंगाली Banerjee बंगाली बंगाली बंगाली Ghosh and B . N . Mukherjee were acquitted.
Dr R . के President of the Bombay Workers' and पीसेंट्स Party had died during the trial .
The remaining twenty - seven persons were found guilty and were meted out harsh sentences varying from three years to life imprisonment .
Muzaffar Ahmad was the one to be sentenced to transportation for life .
Appeals All the convicts appealed officially before the Allahabad High Court .
The appeal was heard by Chief Justice Dr . Sulaiman and Justice Douglas Young who took only eight working days to deliver the judgment on 13th August 1933 in a case which took about four - and - a - half years to the magistrate and the Sessions court .
The High Court decision had divided the twenty - seven accused into four groups for the sake of convenience :
According to Muzaffar Ah - mad अहमद James was getting a fee of eight गिन्नियों per day and his junior J. P . Mitter was paid a fee of five गिन्नियों a day for the entire period .
In those days the guinea had the constant value of Rs 17 and the government paid such high fees whether the court was in session or not and irrespective of holidays.
It was estimated that the government paid to Mr James a sum of Rs थी per month and in 1930 this was a stupendous amount .
In March 1929 the British Government dealt another blow to the freedom fighters when trade union leaders were arrested without any need .
Among the arrested were prominent labour leaders like S . A . B . Dange Muzaffar Ahmad . B . C . R . S . V . श्रमिक and 29 .
The Central Assembly met on 8th April 1929 to consider the Public Safety Bill ( Public Safety Bill ) and the Trade Disputes Bill .
Bhagat Singh and B . Dutt dressed in की shirts and shorts entered unobserved and sat quietly in the दर्शकों gallery .
After the trade dispute ended and before the Bill was passed by the Speaker a thundering explosion followed the emission of smoke .
A bomb or some explosive had fallen in the central room and it was dark .
There were सदमे in the women ' s gallery where the noise nuisance arose and before the people got over the shock.
से shouting : " There was chaos all round .
Members rushed out दर्शक dashed to safety and women ran for safety .
Then two pistol shots were fired .
In these circumstances these youths should not be allowed to lead to inadequate punishment .
I sentence Bhagat Singh and B . K . Dutt to transportation for life . "
No appeal was intended as it was futile but with a view to using the High Court to further publicise their programme and to awaken the masses Bhagat Singh and Dutt ' s appeal .
The appeal was heard by Justice Ford and Justice की .
Asaf Ali argued for two and a half days .
The public prosecutor replied to his arguments during the remaining half of the third day .
But in the meanwhile according to the statement of Asaf Ali Bhagat Singh also submitted arguments on his own behalf .
As was already known the appeal was rejected by the High Court on 13th January 1930 and it was agreed with the judgment of the Sessions Court .
It was only when he was in jail that he started a special magistrate called लाहौर murder case - LRB - or the Lahore conspiracy - RRB - .
But on the insistence of friends and relations he agreed to have a legal adviser to watch the proceedings of the Tribunal and to give him advice on cross - examination .
He made it clear to the court that the legal adviser would neither cross - examine the witness nor address the court .
He agreed to Shri श्री Chand being appointed his legal adviser .
Bhagat Singh did not offer any defence during the trial .
For him the trial meant more to spread his revolutionary ideas for the country ' s freedom than to save his life .
On 20 September 1930 when it was evident that death sentence would be awarded to Bhagat Singh Kishan Singh his father swayed by parental love and sentiments made an attempt to save his son from the gallows.
When Bhagat Singh came to know of it he was furious.
Inspite of all the feelings and desires of a father you were not entitled to make such an application without consulting me .
Jawaharlal Nehru in a public speech on October 12 1930 refers to the courage and sacrifice of Bhagat Singh .
Whether I agree with him or not my heart is full of admiration for the courage and sacrifice of a man like Bhagat Singh .
Courage of the Bhagat Singh type is exceedingly rare .
If the Viceroy expects us to refrain from admiring this wonderful courage and high purpose behind it he is mistaken.
नाथ Nath Roy popularly known as M . N . Roy was born in 1887 .
He began his career as a revolutionary and joined the revolutionary movement in Bengal in 1906 .
He was involved in the Chingripota Railway Station dacoity case in December 1907 and also in the नेत्र dacoity in 1910 .
She took out a copper coin from her miserable bag and placed it in her hand .
When she लौटकर home and opened her bag she found a gold coin in place of her copper coin .
Oh why did I not give my all? she सौप
In another poem पति is a woman waiting for her husband at midnight .
This symbol was later enlarged to his own drama किंग which was published in English as The King of the Dark .
The year 1907 was one of the best achieved and achievements and the great depression of the people of Calcutta was in the midst of despair.
Apart from his novels published in a series of articles के which included four volumes of his literary essays विभाऋत literature under four categories साहित्यिक literature साहित्यिक and literary साहित्यिक ancient literature folklore and जन and modern literature .
The range of research and analysis was comprehensive and lucid and the style so charming that all the writings came to be an outstanding specimen of literature .
Rabindranath was one of the first Indian writers to include in his appreciation of the entire range of Indian literature from the classical to the contemporary from the aristocratic to the अशिष्ट and to illumine and place each in the perspective of the whole.
An intelligence report reviewing communist activities in India during this period acknowledged that Roy had managed to do considerable mischief despite the fact that the police were continually hot on his part . "
Within the seven months he sought to win several supporters for his views in the country including leading Congressmen .
It was felt that they could be बंदी out of the political arena a dangerous enemy of capitalism landlordism and imperialism and आघात strike another blow at Indian communism . "
Hardly the Indian police had worked so hard to catch a man as for instance .
Within a few days after his arrival in India the authorities had suspected his presence .
Despite the determined efforts of the police Roy managed to elude them for several months while at the same time making creditable progress towards the realisation of his objectives .
M. N. Roy was committed by the magistrate to Sessions on 15th October 1931 .
After many 1931 his trial in the Sessions Court began on 3rd November 1931 .
The case did not go to the court as usual .
It was launched in a closed prison.
The government it seems did not want any popular demonstration .
Roy refused to appear before a court sitting behind prison walls but he was forcibly taken there .
He demanded trial by a jury .
The application was refused and he was tried with the help of assessors .
At the end of the trial two of the four assessors found him " 'not ने but that did not prevent the Sessions Judge from अभिशंसित him and imposing a savage sentence .
The moral philosophy of the ruling power is that force becomes criminal when directed against it but that it is an instrument of virtue when employed for the preservation of the ruling power .
In other words it was the army of अंग्रेजों - अंग्रेजों to which a citizen of a foreign country सेना
But this weapon into the hands of the oppressed Indian people struggling for independence becomes the instrument of crime .
कबीलों bombing the Frontier tribesmen are vehicles of virtue teaching those deprived people a moral lesson but any resistance on the part of the latter is an offence .
Instead I charge the British Government of India in the trap of civilised society at the Bar of civilised India against the one - fifth of the human population : जमीन all our land resources . "
He stressed the history of constitutional development in England .
The history of England teaches us that resistance and rebellion against the established authority are the motive force of political progress . "
He added : " Indians can give their country a better political order than the rusty British Constitution .
The first one was मुस्लिम Singh शाह - मुस्लिम the second was Shah Nawaz Khan and the third Sikh .
The aim of the trial was not to prove that they broke the oath of allegiance but to show that they committed murders atrocities and war crime .
This step evoked the sympathy of the entire nation towards the officers .
The Indian National Congress took an active part in organising the defence of the accused .
A high level committee of top lawyers was formed which included Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru . Sir Tej Bahadur Sapru Mr Asaf Ali and others .
Two important historical trial trial in the Red Fort of Delhi was conducted .
Being linked to legal issues of national and international importance both these cases changed the course of political history .
In 1858 the famous trial of the last Mughal Emperor Bahadur Shah Zafar was held in the Red Fort of Delhi .
It gave a final blow to Mughal rule in India and established British supremacy .
Important issues of International Law were involved in the trial as to whether a king could be tried and whether such a trial was justified .
Few poets have loved space as Tagore did space - time high and space below - a संवेदनाओं far away from the reach of all senses .
Again and again he talks about the hunger of the space and once he wrote " Goethe on his death - bed wanted light .
In one of his letters he wrote: " How in a evening when he was reading an English book of aesthetic beauty ; he seemed जूझ with its uncertain definitions and sophisticated humour .
He threw the book on the table and as the night was far advanced blew the lamp with the intention of retiring to bed .
No sooner had he done so than the moonlight burst into the room through a moonlit window .
He often visited Calcutta to meet his wife and children .
The family had started a new literary magazine called भारती instead of the ' old ' Bharati ' .
What followed was the imprint of his writings on almost all the pieces left by his pen the stamp of की ' a panorama of unknown ideas and the literature in a written language .
Similarly in 1945 another remarkable trial known as the Indian National Army ( Indian Army ) was held in the Red Fort .
All the other questions had become minor and even the death sentence cases were मृत्युदंड by the three men on that broad face of India .
In fact it was not a question of law or judicial eloquence and ability ; although there was considerable merits and eloquence but it became the case of the Indian people ' s determination and indeed of the Indian rulers to win the competition .
Three officers of the INA were seen and won over by the INA during the reign of Netaji Shah Nawaz Khan फौजी and Captain शाह of the पंजाब Regiment of the Provisional Government of Free India .
The three officers were charged with waging war against His Majesty the King Emperor of India : Lt. Dhillon with the offence of committing murder of Hari Singh . Chand धरम Singh and Dharam Singh on or about 6th March 1945 .
The trial continued on 5th November 1945 and went on till 31st December 1945 .
After the Japanese victory of Singapore on February 15 1942 Colonel जापान on behalf of the British Government handed over the Indian prisoners - of - war to the Japanese representative .
This stressed the strength of the Indian people residing abroad .
They then founded the Indian Independence League which met in Bangkok in June 1942 and adopted the proposal to form the Indian National Army and also to invite Subhas Chandra Bose to that part of the country .
After meeting Premier Tojo in Japan Subhas Chandra Bose had arrived in Singapore on 2nd July 1943 and had assumed leadership of the Indian Independence League on 21st October 1943 .
Provisional Government of Free India was set up in Singapore .
It was recognised by Japan जापान Germany Thailand and थाईलैंड .
Japan agreed to hand over the Andaman and Nicobar Islands to the Provisional Government and thus the Indian National Army came to be known all over the world .
Thirty witnesses were examined on behalf of the prosecution in support of the charges .
If treason were charged in England they will be accused of Working against the King and the country but where such a charge is imposed on a subject country it is entirely different .
In the circumstances of this trial in relation to the question of the enforcement of the rules of International Law the International law was said to be binding on the tribunal and such a Tribunal was not to entertain the rules of municipal and internal law except in force .
In the setting and the. circumstances of the acts charged as offences same would appear outside the pale of municipal law and would be brought within the domain of the law of law .
The order and order passed by the military court and the confirmation thereof by the Commander - in - Chief in this case was published in a communique which was published in the Gazette of India Extraordinary on 3rd January 1946 .
The communique था :
The court has reached the conclusion that the three accused are found guilty of the charge of war . while शाह Shah Nawaz Khan is guilty of abetment .
The play that followed this work was प्रायश्चित which was quite different from that of his previous drama in theme and mood .
It is a play not of feeling but of action full of strife and intrigue and the clash of interests although it has a strong say on the ideas and the moral values which are in all the plays of Tagore .
It was no escape - but it was a self - renunciation a passion that is most touching and effectively portrayed in the last scene of the play .
The poet was at this time a ripe age in which he was writing his play and it was inevitable that he should नाटक the most intense experience of his life and his adventures with the divine Truth .
What is the relation of the soul to God ?
We must come to the Truth with our terms and conditions .
These were some questions which the poet wrote for his most symbolic and most notable play in one respect : the king of English ( The King of the Black नाटक ) and two very early in 1911 .
They were very different from each other and from the previous dramas the central character of these plays was a young boy .
The Post Office which was translated into English as The Post Office was perhaps the most popular among his other plays and was successfully staged in London by आयरिश आयरिश in 1913 .
These claims are not confined to the people of a particular race or religion but they all apply because I consider humanity as a whole unit not broken up by such divisions and human rights always prevail .
The trial conducted by Sheikh Muhammad Abdullah in July 1946 is as important as the cases of other freedom fighters : the only difference is that Sheikh Abdullah was waged against the निरंकुश of a Maharaja which was the British rulers in India .
In the words of Pandit Jawahar Lal Nehru the popular movement based on real and strength is often put up by men who shape the movement and symbolise it .
So Sheikh Muhammad Abdullah became the living and outstanding symbol of the urge of the कश्मीरियों people for their freedom .
That is why Sheikh Abdullah ' s trial was not just a trial which was to be tried by all the people .
Or perhaps it would be more correct to say that in the ultimate analysis it was the trial before the Bar of public opinion of the State authorities who had tried to stem the flowing river of a great popular popular movement . "
In 1942 the Indian National Congress gave a call for complete independence .
" Of course you might have read a lot about the Kashmir problem in the Press but it is not a very important part of it as the party concerned tells it .
The problem has been set up by a local आंदोलनकारी Abdullah who is anti - state and communist and suddenly realised that he could not succeed in persuading the Government to dismiss the charge of him nor through his friend ' .
have had to take action which resulted in the arrest of Abdullah and some of his colleagues .
At the time of his arrest Abdullah was apparently on his way to see his Guru Jawahar Lal and so Jawahar Lal ' s personal vanity was greatly injured by the fact that his lieutenant was arrested when on his way to sanctuary .
Being what he is Jawahar Lal has completely gone away .
Sheikh Abdullah was arrested and tried under Section 124 - A of the Ranjit Penal Code ( IPC ) of India under Section 124 - A . C .
Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru went to Kashmir to give possible moral and legal support to Sheikh Abdullah for his protection .
Abdullah was put up by the Government of Kashmir in front of Lala लाला Rai Sessions Judge Srinagar Kashmir on 26th July 1946 .
W. B . Yeats who was present at the performance testified येट्स by this small play on the stage shows that it is very well built and conveys to the right audience .
The German stage version of the play which the poet personally saw in Berlin in 1921 was suggestive of a fairy tale .
Writing of it to C . F . आत्मिक he said : " I remember when I was writing it प्रेरित my inner feelings to write it .
Amal represents the man whose soul has received the call of a free path . "
For those who are averse to going far the line of poetry in Tagore ' s earlier poems can be quoted .
Where there is a deeper symbolism all the more it is the translation of the author ' s own reminiscent in which the poet wishes to be free from the स्मृतियों of a child . .
Tagore ' s second play रवीन्द्रनाथ ( जो ) has not been published in English and is of course very difficult in translation .
This play is a living satire on the self - complacent self - righteous and unchanging समाज of Hindu society and is one long उपहास mockery of its orthodoxy .
The central character of the play is the story of लडका a small boy who is the pillar of orthodoxy as a part of the ' कट्टरता ' tradition ' and ' कट्टरता ' who is isolated from the world .
The poor boy who is full of साथियों curiosity and और is looked down upon by his companions as an incorrigible झक्की and is constantly chided for his habit of singing .
What is this that I have in singing ?
Even the birds can sing ; their movements go on playing with the lower castes and share their उत्सवों games and festivals .
Ever since then there has been a big change in the course of time - cycle and what Tagore had said about six to seven decades ago there is a general and self - evident fact that a man who has never known his achievements .
But Tagore was no longer a Swift who enjoyed his desire for the reduction of his followers than to indulge in bitterness nor an impetuous revolutionary who in his impatience for changing the old order would trample the best among the ill .
There is no other work which is so masterly in a विरोधाभास conflict an assessment of the complexities of India ' s social life and an analysis of the character of Indian nationalism which जडें on the one hand and the rest of the global humanism .
And it is no less interesting than a novel .
As characters themselves ultimately their struggles and external conflicts are always संघर्ष with great insight and sympathy but not just to निर्वाह .
It may be noted here how this novel was written .
It is said that the chief character of the novel was Gora ' s विवेकानंद on whose name it was inscribed : Sister Nivedita was a Irish lady ( शिष्या ) a great शिष्या of the new शिष्या .
The reader who has read his writings knows what a passionate advocate he was of everything Hindu.
He was a far more orthodox Hindu than the Hindus and Tagore must have been happy when he preached Hinduism .
Once when she was staying as his guest at his Shelidah estate she would insist when they sat on the deck of the house - boat in the evening .
And thus we must begin by telling the story of Gora who was written later .
Gora is an Irish सिपाही whose parents were killed in the so - called Sepoy Mutiny of 1857 .
A kind Brahmin lady brings up the child and brings up the nest .
If this composition is altered i. e. the oxygen level gets reduced or irritating gases enter the atmosphere then the air is said to be polluted and breathing in this polluted air can lead to respiratory diseases .
Our air is being poisoned by the products that have produced due to the spread of new technologies .
Air pollution is nothing new but the spread and magnitude of air pollution is the new issue .
Nowadays many industries have been set up in urban areas and rural areas .
Most of these industries spew dense smoke from their chimneys .
What is this smoke made of and how is it born ?
Industries require steam and to produce it various fuels such as coal coke कोक furnace oil are burnt .
They are also because of the burning of heat as well as smoke and the colour of the smoke depend on the nature of fuel burnt .
Where does this smoke go ?
Among the industries the largest quantity of smoke and ash is produced from thermal power plants .
Gora is a proud and passionate young man with a sense of justice and a proud dignity full of self - respect and prestige a most determined and powerful champion of Hindu orthodoxy .
In his belief - the only truth that he believes is true and that he ' s the most intimate friend loses his true friend and rejects the daughter who loves him and whom he wishes .
The tragic end of the story is that of the रक्त when he comes to know that he has a foreign blood and that he is in charge of his own faith an रक्त a रक्त an रक्त an रक्त .
He has no place in the orthodox Hindu society of which he himself was a ardent supporter .
This realisation brings him to his senses and he understands the true significance of his nation ' s pride .
" Today I am a truly Indian .
In my mind there is no longer any opposition between Hindu Mussulman Muslim and Christian .
Today every caste in India is my race and I have a meal of them .
Apart from the global impact of air pollution attributed to human health other animals plants plants materials .
Effects on Human Health It is proved beyond doubt that polluted air is highly detrimental to human health and is a contributory factor in deaths from diseases such as lung cancer .
Air pollution is mostly associated with respiratory diseases ranging from common cold to lung cancer .
Both gaseous and particulate pollutants cause severe damage to the respiratory system leading to श्वसनी bronchitis and asthma.
और air irritates the eyes and some pollutants like lead tend to accumulate in the body at times to dangerous levels.
Deaths from lung cancer are increasing and the prime causative agent is suspected to be polluted air .
Carbon monoxide is an रक्त gas which when inhaled reacts with the haemoglobin in blood to reduce the oxygen - carrying capacity .
The disease is gradually progressive and death occurs due to heart failure or pulmonary tuberculosis .
Other serious dust diseases are block - lung disease ( by inhaling coal dust ) फेफडों ( शरीर from धूल dust ) and फेफडों (
A summary of air pollutants and their effects on human health is given in Table 1 .
Table 1 - 1 . Effects on Air Pollutants and Human Health -
Sulphur dioxide Industries especially where coal and oil are burnt .
The effects of air pollution on domestic animals are similar to those observed in man .
In the London fog disaster of 1952 it is reported that five cattle died and 52 out of 351 became seriously ill .
An unknown number of cattle pigs dogs chickens and bird died or became ill due to exposure to hydrogen sulphide at मैक्सिको Rica in Mexico .
If the greenhouse gases increase then more heat will be trapped and radiated back to the earth resulting in the earth becoming warmer .
पृथ्वी warming of the earth will lead to grave effects .
Polar ice caps may melt further and increase the level of water in the oceans which would submerge large expanses of the earth ' s surface - LRB - China Indonesia Egypt Indonesia Bangladesh and West Bengal ) .
The enormous increase in the organisation of viruses parasites and insects on this warm environment will make man vulnerable to the ailments .
Large - scale blindness would खतरा the fair - skinned people would become more prone to skin cancer ; the global food supplies will घट at a faster rate and changes in global rainfall and ecological disturbances will become a common phenomenon .
Depending on the temperature the atmosphere is usually divided into four horizontal surfaces : धरती ( about 12 kilometres above ) with all weather phenomena ( between 12 - 50 kilometres ) and the average part of the ozone part ( 12 to 50 kilometres ) .
What is this ozone layer ?
The maximum concentration of ozone varies between 20 - 25 kms .
It is rumoured that the opening of the ozone layer and the result is that the international institute of research in Canada would be the immediate cause for both the किरणों to research on the adverse radiation exposure to their minds .
There is however a great threat to the USA and Canada but this does not mean that we should turn our eyes into a world - class problem .
India too will be affected by the large - scale changes in the ozone layer .
Prevention and control of air pollution control and prevention of air pollution is the need of the hour as both men and animals are in danger .
Without paying the price of air pollution the growing needs and facilities of modern life cannot be reached but if proper plans are put to industries in proper places proper equipments manufactured and proper pollution can be made .
The first and foremost rule is to ensure that the act of burning is not incomplete .
Smoke can be reduced by maximising the combustion i. e. by ensuring complete burning so that poisonous carbon monoxide gets converted to harmless carbon dioxide .
The combustion can be increased by reducing the amount of fuel and adjusting the ratio of air to fuel .
For example coal may be चूरा and then used.
Coke briquettes may be reduced to a smaller size and then put to fire .
To limit global warming to the minimum extent concerted efforts are required .
The lifestyle in developed countries - has to be changed especially in the use of petroleum products .
जंगलों schemes have to be implemented at a faster rate as vegetation absorbs carbon ओजोन there is no easy solution to the depletion of ozone layer .
Even if a ban on the production of क्लोरोफ्लोरोकार्बन ( क्लोरोफ्लोरोकार्बन ) is imposed with immediate effect the effects of the chlorofluorocarbons produced till date will continue to leave the atmosphere for the next 100 years .
Any such ban will not reverse the harm already done .
The only solution is for all nations to join hands and launch a campaign to protect the ozone layer from further deterioration by adopting suitable and immediate measures to safeguard the lives of all living beings .
Major Air Pollution से Our present knowledge of the effects of air pollution is mainly derived from the study of acute air pollution वायु
Reports and records of small communities and groups of people show how they have suffered or died of exposure to toxic fumes vapours aerosols dust and dust .
Some of the following episodes will help explain the severity of air pollution .
" Only you will come to the fulfilment of my life . "
Love is the core .
Fifty years of a rich and fruitful career closed in 1911 .
Although he was fully aware of the fact that a major phase of his development was at an end and there was an entirely new chapter in his boyhood he began to give up his memories of life .
These memories and events are not even listed .
He has himself put it in the words : " The memories of life are not the history of life ; these may be the original compositions of an artist . "
The artist is an संवेदनशील and what he paints on the mind ' s canvas does not permit him to send what has happened .
The course of struggle for twelve years on many fronts had yielded rich dividends though the strain had impacted both the body and mind .
Even birds are not spared.
Birds breeding near प्रजनन lakes have been known to be poisoned by aluminium which they pick up while eating aquatic insects .
The downpour of acid rain leads to removal of top soil followed by percolation of acid water into the मिट्टी subsequently causing acidity of ground - water .
तो which are necessary for plant growth are बह or totally digested .
In contrast to this other metals such as aluminium एल्यूमीनियम lead and mercury which are toxic to plants become more soluble and impair plant growth .
The net result is damage to plants stunted growth and increased susceptibility to patients .
Let us now see the effect of acid rain on inanimate objects .
Can the stones be पत्थरों ?
The sulphuric acid in acid rain reacts with the calcium carbonate to convert it to gypsum ( calcium sulphate ) whose volume is about twice that of marble .
विदेश before a sojourn abroad had proved helpful and स्फूर्तिदायक .
Now again at the cross - roads he looked anxiously towards the West .
He had never been anti - West in his most patriotic and introspective phase and had drawn inspiration and sustenance as freely from the values of Western civilisation as from the heritage of his country .
And so in the beginning of 1912 he made preparations for his third voyage to Europe.
Meanwhile बुद्धिजीवियों the Bengali intellectuals observed the birthday anniversary of his great poet when he was born and the most prominent literary organisation of Bengal was established on 28th January 1912 under the aegis of the Bangiya Sahitya Parishad बंगाल on 28 January 1912 .
Their luggage already on board had to be सामान from Madras where the ship ' s halted left Calcutta .
Disappointed at this unforeseen postponement of his voyage he sought consolation and strength as of old by retiring to Shelidah on the bank of his beloved river Padma.
However most developed countries have banned the use of DDT and the like products .
An interesting event in 1985 comes to me .
About 200 people in the USA and Canada had to be भर्ती after consuming their favourite summer fruit the watermelon vine .
Sickness व्याक्तियों sweating and trembling were some of the symptoms that set in the patients due to the contamination of the fruit .
The chemical is prepared from methyl गैस - LRB - मिक - RRB - ( मिक ) the state of which about 4 000 people died in the Bhopal gas tragedy of 1984 .
Fortunately there were no death cases in either USA or Canada but millions of विषाक्तता were destroyed for days together to save the people from poisoning .
Change the environment by digging out egg chambers such as eggs .
Genetic control by replacing male निंयत्रण with X - rays to compete with the female pests .
Protein , fats ,
अम्ल
फास्फेट्स संयंत्र
Ammonia और गैस गैस गैस गैस
Iron
It is a well - known fact that I could not write English and I had no vanity to feel ashamed of it .
If anybody wrote an English note asking me to tea I did not feel equal to answering it .
Perhaps you think that by now I have got over that delusion.
That I have written in English is the same as I have .
That day जहाज used to climb on the ship the जहाज fell गिर on his leave - alone on account of his thorough सिर and even my journey was postponed .
But unless the brain is completely active one cannot enjoy complete rest .
All I wanted was to point out through another language the feelings and experiences that filled me with joy in the days gone .
That small book of mine was filled gradually and I was carrying in my pocket and boarded the ship . "
During his forced stay at Shelidah Tagore composed many songs in which the devotional prayer of Gitanjali continued to give us a rich fullness of touch .
In Gitanjali the poet had dedicated his beloved आराध्य to that of the Lord of आराध्य . In ' ? he composed a garland of songs .
Suspended matter is present in sewage and most industrial waste water .
Suspended matter do not cause any harm but interfere with the self - purification ability of streams by reducing the photosynthetic activity of water - plants and by जीवों matter .
Moreover अपघर्षी materials present in the suspended matter could block and destroy fish blocks .
The coal - कोयले waste waters which are black and opaque और the stream and render it unfit for most uses .
Suspended matter containing organic matter gets momentum during warm weather .
As a result solids हुए with gas enters the surface make the कीचड and कीचड mud .
गैसीय pollutants : This category includes ammonia free chlorine hydrogen sulphide ozone and फोस्फीन .
Inhalation of considerable quantities of ammonia produces a spasm of the सांस and may even lead to death .
Various reports indicate that copper in about 2 parts per hundred million parts of water is fatal to पानी and similar species .
As metals are indestructible poisons their disposal into oceans over long periods may be highly dangerous affecting the production of atmospheric oxygen as well as marine life .
Electric generating plants nuclear power plants and other manufacturing units require considerable water for है .
The discharge of hot trade effluents from electricity generating stations may cause several degrees of increase in the temperature of rivers or canals .
About 80 per cent of the water that is required for the industrial operations is used for cooling .
Nuclear power plants release 50 per cent of the heat generated to the water bodies ( most oceans ) .
शराब also discharge hot effluents at temperatures ranging between 60 - 80 C .
The effect of thermal pollution is mainly on aquatic animals particularly fish .
Obviously many square metres of arable lands have been laid waste .
The extent of sea - water intrusion is such that one cannot add milk to brew tea .
The milk turns sour as soon as it is added to water because of excess पानी .
The prime difference between other types of pollution and ground - water pollution is that once the ground - water is affected it cannot be cured it cannot be cured ; it is an भूमिगत damage .
While surface water बहा away the pollutants the latter cannot be flushed away from underground water .
As a result the effects of such pollution may continue indefinitely .
Pollutants in Oceans Many of us believe that the ocean is too vast to be polluted by man ' s activities .
While it was true some time ago it is not true .
Many of the pollution problems that affect rivers and lakes also affect the estuaries and coastal zones where the land meets the sea .
The cumulative effects of pollutants affect oceans also .
It must be stated here that about 85 per cent of the pollution of the oceans has its origin on the land .
The oceans are the final प्रदूषकों where polluted rivers along with their water discharge pollutants.
Since ages the ocean had been the work - horse to consume all these pollutants and transform into various materials of its own eco - system .
But millions of tonnes of sewage and industrial effluents dumped every day into the sea have changed its nature of self - purification and led to endangering of myriads of life forms .
Thor . during his expedition on the Ra II was aghast at the pollution in the middle of the Atlantic .
He saw dark brown lumps of tar - like material of the size of fine gravel in parts of the ocean .
He also found that the ocean water assumed a dirty greyish green colour instead of clear blue leaving us with a sense of being inside a harbour amidst the outlet of city drains .
The coastal region and ocean surface are badly affected by oil layers and oil तेल .
This has been described in detail in the next chapter .
Plastic containers and other human waste wastes seem to pollute the ocean .
Owing to the heavy discharge of effluents from the tanneries into river Palar ( the prime source of drinking water ) it has become a drain and is called चमडा river .
Nearly हेक्टेयर hectares of agriculture is no longer fit for farming .
The problem is further aggravated by the conversion of ground - water to saline .
The distressing condition of river Yamuna cannot be simply described .
Delhi generates about 20 million litres of sewage per day and nearly half of it is discharged through open drains without any treatment .
According to a report by the Central Pollution Control Board the water quality of the Yamuna upstream that is up to पीने is fit for drinking after treatment but after the confluence of प्रदूषण this drain gets heavily polluted .
भारत water is responsible for two - thirds of India ' s disease and sometimes takes the form of epidemic outbreaks .
The following statistics are illustrative of the पीलिया cases of jaundice were reported in 1955 - 56 in Delhi . in Bombay रोगी in 1978 and about 310 deaths occurred in West Bengal during July 1990 .
It is reported that Bombay alone discharges about 18 million litres of untreated sewage and industrial effluents daily into the Arabian Sea and the Thane तट the seashore becomes a site for solid waste and industrial waste .
For example metal अपशिष्ट once carried out by acids is now replaced by sand blasting in which no liquid effluent is produced .
For example much less water that can be left after the final washing of the textile is used in fiber - धुलाई and second washing .
Often कचरे concentrate matter - LRB - often enough concentrated wastes - RRB - are injected with varying degrees of कचरे treatment or disposal.
The concentrated wastes may be अलग from the water to a great extent to reduce the pollution to a great extent and the effluents can be used either in irrigation or in other sources of water .
The sludge from the tanneries may be treated in this method .
Setting up of Common Effluent Treatment संयंत्र Small industries cannot afford treatment plants and they frequently discharge their effluents which can be seen stagnating near agricultural lands and on either sides of roads .
This crude method of disposal may be avoided by setting up a common effluent treatment plant where a cluster of industries are located.
Such common effluent treatment plants are coming up in Tamil Nadu at चमडा चमडा and चमडा where a large number of tanneries are located.
Bio - gas production - which we consider waste may soon be converted to property .
The blue whales ( the nearing extinction ) in the Gulf were starved as their diet from the oil.
Most of the sea - rocks of the genus ) with large sea - grass and sea - घास deposits which constitute food for many marine species were also क्षति damage .
Oil can get spilled during transfer from ship to shore or from ship to ship .
से of vessels or oil terminals at n ' t work properly .
Generally the spilt oil spreads into a circular patch quickly but if the leakage is large it goes along with clean water to a large ' island ' .
The floating sheets of oil stretching for several kilometres affect the photosynthetic activity in the sea .
Since oil is not easily biodegradable and remains as it is for a long period ( though a certain amount is lost by evaporation of lighter oil is made up of tar balls after some time .
In another natural process oil gets into a small droplets which sink to the bottom pick up fine sand and make tar balls .
Formation of such tar balls poses a serious threat to marine life and sea birds .
As pointed out earlier dumping solid wastes समाप्त the beauty of cities and towns and causes health problems .
रोग of प्रजनन become breeding grounds for disease - carrying vectors such as flies mosquitoes rats and cockroaches .
Reports indicate that a cubic meter of मक्खियां could bring about मक्खियां flies .
The flies which carry pathogenic organisms cause diseases such as dysentery प्लेग प्लेग प्लेग etc . which are carriers of insects and other organisms give rise to plague as was recently witnessed in Surat in 1994 .
It is reported that about 25 human diseases are associated with solid waste .
The accumulation of solid waste is a mounting problem with no easy solution .
Unlike other types of pollution preventive measures cannot be adopted in this case .
Several solutions to the disposal problem have been suggested .
The present way of managing solid waste is to collect the waste from different parts of the city and remove it from the city where it is either burnt or dumped in compost form or placed at one place .
It is reported that as soon as the bomb fell बाहर people rushed out screaming and धक्का for water .
Their skin started peeling off and killed nearly 70,000 .
By the end of the year the toll rose to मरने .
Over the years the survivors have had to cope with diseases like स्तन cancers स्तन breast cancer cataract and diseases of plasma cells which attack the bone marrow and stop functioning in the plasma cell disease .
Nuclear explosion tests not only release radioactive materials affecting the test sites but also the remote ones .
Man has been continually exposed to natural sources of radiation like cosmic radiations from outer space and sun ' s radiation .
Certain types of rocks and soils and radioactive gases also contribute to radiation .
Nuclear power plants no doubt help in the production of power .
At present about 17 per cent of the world ' s electricity is generated from nuclear sources .
Radiation therapy should be applied only when absolutely necessary and within the required limits .
Extreme care should be exercised in the disposal of radioactive waste .
Three types of wastes in nuclear power plants are produced - the lower tiers are high and low .
Even the low - level waste was diluted and let loose into the sea .
It is now buried at fixed disposal points .
As a result of treatment processes and reprocessing of fuel treatment etc . कीचड mud is treated with chemicals and stored in large underground stainless steel tanks .
High level wastes are liquid wastes which emit excessive radiations and cannot be released into the environment .
By evaporation they are concentrated and stored in the double - walled stainless steel tanks with concrete walls .
Here these wastes are converted into solid blocks such as glass .
Despite rigorous monitoring and surveillance of radiation the safety of nuclear reactors is dubious .
Nuclear scientists conclude that within safe limits use of nuclear reactors in the service of mankind.
It is possible that by 2000 no one above the age of ten can hear generally . "
As yet we have been talking about varied types of pollution caused by substances .
A peculiar pollution that has come to light during the last two decades is noise pollution .
While the effects of other types of pollution are reversible the damage caused by noise is avoided .
Since the speed of rain - water percolation is very high it is not possible to increase the groundwater .
The net result is drying up of streams lakes and ponds .
All these disasters lead to enormous losses high poverty and suffering.
Besides aggravating poverty irreversible large - scale climatic changes occur. Drought hunger floods and misery become inevitable.
In the Nilgiri district of Tamil Nadu about भूक्षरण sq km has been affected by soil erosion .
The Eastern Ghats too have become victims of destruction .
The mountain chain once covered by वनों forests has now become barren land .
Red Data Book ( which contains details of birds and animals falling extinction ) indicates that 139 species of birds and 106 species of animals have already become extinct primarily due to destruction of forests .
Waste water after suitable treatment can be used for agriculture and for growing water .
Most paper mills in India utilise their effluents for raising paddy sugarcane etc.
औद्योगिक of industrial wastes and solid wastes to useful materials is slowly acquiring significance .
As our natural resources are dwindling fast alternate energy sources have to be made use .
For example electricity can be generated from wind energy which incurs negligible operation costs and is environment loss .
In the rural areas large bio - gas plants may be installed instead of burning wood or coal for domestic fuels in order to ensure a steady supply of घरों gas to the households ( a small चूल्हों unit ) such as this smoke will be used .
As pointed out earlier about 80 per cent of pollution is caused by the affluent countries who constitute only 25 per cent of the world but the rest 75 per cent have to pay for it .
It is high time that they can alter their lifestyle to make the world free .
She could wield the bow with her hands but not with her eyes.
While she was chasing a deer in a forest dressed in man ' s hunting costume she saw a man lying in his way .
She asked him to move aside but he took no notice of it .
होकर she pricked him with the sharp end of her arrow .
For the first time in my life I felt myself a woman and a man seemed to be before me .
" Who are you ? he asked the young man ?
" I am Arjuna of the great Kuru clan he said .
The princess was stunned.
He had before him a great warrior whom every damsel of the age worshipped in his dream .
Once a young teacher a new pupil at Santiniketan asked him a terrible question : " You talk so much about God ; how many of these things have come to you as direct information ?
After a moment of silence Tagore was silent : " I can tell you with great confidence that I have felt his presence on several occasions when I danced with great अंतरंगता - अंतरंगता .
Many of these songs bear witness to the current crisis in his mind and the fluctuating moods he was passing through which he was now of elation now of a vague अस्थिर .
“If the heart were not meant to love why would you fill the morning sky with songs why this profusion of flowers on this earth why not the wind थिरकती
The poet knows that he would be drawn more and more in the turmoil of the work he asks in his उलाहना words : " If you need to bind me with work why not the poet bother me with my own beauty ?
" I was going along my lonely path when the light in my hand went out .
Suddenly the storm moves me to the darkest gloom and is my only companion .
I have lost my known path and I stumble ; I am ignorant of how long this night will find its dawn . "
At first he was happy and felt as though he was till now living on half - rations .
But an uneasiness crept over him followed by a vague but intense agony a premonition that a great disaster was about to overtake the world he loved so much .
Though there were no menacing clouds in the political horizon and when the First World War broke out in August .
How did he discover this it is difficult to explain .
To feel this and to cope fully with it the letters he wrote during that period also corroborate the fact that he had received from them .
He wrote to Andrews : " God knows this is the sting of the heart which feeds my heart . "
When the play was staged in 1921 in the presence of the playwright one of the audience पडऋता his face and याद Tagore who said that the young man was here to know that the East is an old man .
Soon after writing रवीन्द्रनाथ Tagore had his first meeting with Gandhi in March 1915 .
Having done his work and won the war in South Africa Gandhi had returned to his country but had not yet made up his mind what he was going to do and where he was going to live .
He had earlier disbanded his Phoenix colony and school in South Africa and had sent the boys about twenty to India .
Andrews who was the link between the two great men had suggested that the boys might be accommodated in Santiniketan until Gandhi came and made his own arrangements for an asrama of his own.
He was well here and Tagore loved Gandhi for his own comprehension .
He found these children loved one and the best . But at the same time as he wrote to Andrews in a letter to him as he wished them they were not so competent .
Although Gandhi stayed for hardly a week in Santiniketan and had not yet become Mahatma Gandhi the alter of the name और and who in the years to come to the simple name was spell - bound his personality was left to rest in Santiniketan .
Before he came here Tagore was not present .
He was an idol - lover he saw the sky - and Gandhi could never see .
These two faces of modern India one rugged one another and the other equally luminous represent two aspects of Indian sadhana or realisation of life ' s truth .
Few felt their join impact more अनुभूत or understood their inner kinship .
To him what he had seen of them said : I have not met anyone in my life whom he had been satisfied with friendship mutual understanding and spiritual sympathy .
To be with him , in some creative work and an honour which is very difficult to express.
Indeed it is the greatest privilege of my life .
Side by side with the friendship of the poet I have had the supreme happiness of a second personal friendship with Mahatma Gandhi .
His marvellous spiritual genius has appealed to me in a very different way .
He treated them as friendly neighbours across the border among whom he could spread his message through his southern प्रशासकों .
The rock - cut cave - temples or viharas - LRB - विहारों - RRB - excavated by a rock - cut cave - temple are in evidence beginning with the original stone and the south art .
In the making of these stone is of course the use of पत्थर instead of using stone for stability .
Such associations of एकाश्म sites and stupa sites are numerous in the Deccan Andhra and north Mysore areas roughly जडें with the southern tracts of the Mauryan empire and the regions where Buddhism among other northern religions had a greater influence.
This perhaps gave rise to the cult of the worship and reverence of the stupa which was essentially लोगों in content .
It was easily प्रचार in this area which had most of the प्रस्तर pieces .
But contemporary literature speaks of Buddhism as well as Buddhism though they were more prevalent in North India .
मैसूर to the first संप्रदाय may have been found : the latter being a Jain composite and the latter had been largely confined to the संप्रदाय and to the southern parts of Mysore and the hilly regions .
The cult of gods and large stone खंडऋओं and huge मृतकों which were discarded in their memory several times on many occasions before the worship of the मृतकों pillars that were offered to the dead etc . were in vogue a heap of rice cooked and worshipped .
The dead were believed to have become stone - प्रस्तर and had divine origins in them mention of this kind in the literature itself .
It is a carved slab of पत्थर limestone of about the 4th century .
Perhaps it was once installed on one hand and was perhaps in a temple where it was worshipped .
Recent excavations at the जिले temple in सीमावर्ती on the border of आंध्र Tamil and Andhra Pradesh suggest that in the second century BC both the sex and the back were built in stone and the पूजा temple was worshipped .
The इमारतों temple where such a platform cult worship साम्रग्री symbols and इमारतों were common in the इमारतों temples was the structure of those buildings the इमारतों scheme and the style of sculpture .
The only difference was that while the materials on which the temple was made more stable were painted with other things like sticks strong wooden stones the plaster and the kind of painting and carving were made to be a small earthen building .
None of these temples is available in Tamil Nadu today though word - pictures of such शब्दचित्र and दुतल्ले are found in Tamil Sangam literature .
Obviously these names indicate the plan and style of the structures
Had their temples survived they too would have differed much in common with the Hindu and Jain temples .
These simple shrines replicas of contemporary secular dwellings were square and apsidal होते square or apsidal थे - बहुकोणीय in their arrangement with their लौकिक and बहुकोणीय forms were sometimes of timber and bricks .
Such religious and secular structures are indicated in the early bas - relief figures and sculptures of early and immediately later date : for example in धार्मिक and Sanchi in the north and Amaravati and Nagarjunakonda and other places in the south .
They have already been indicated as being plans in the representation of tree - temples or चैत्यों - chaityas Buddhist stupas and Bodhi - बौद्ध in Tamil .
The ceiling of these rectangular structures on a point ( code ) was similar to the छत circular or सोने dome of semi - circular structures or octagonal in shape and sometimes of semi - circular structures as in the case of gold छत .
The apsidal बहुकोणीय ( in front ) are available in many carved panels .
The evidences of literary details and sculptures and some of the excavated ones ( for example the circular temples of Nagarjunakonda and पश्चिम the temples of the पश्चिम and the पश्चिम of Andhra ) are clear to show that the roof - shaped structures are छतें .
Often there were more pillars inside the brick - temple housing both supporting the roof making the beams base .
The whole structure was built over a solid masonry platform or adhishthana.
The apsidal चैत्य chaitya ( second century AD ) is wholly brick - built.
The sculpture in the गर्भगृह temple of the आराध्य contains a mention of the name Mahadeva के " of the image enshrined in the के .
The icon of स्वामी according to the inscription on the inscription on the inscription of AD पत्थर was of wood eight - armed origin .
The inscription on a conch से found at the same site also bears the same name .
This temple is built of large - sized bricks without any external pilaster markings on its wall except at the two front ends which are not original.
It was probably of the age of Vishnu . and was dedicated to Buddha .
In all these excavations the खुरदरी or even the finished ones need a plaster ( पलस्तर ) .
The use of beautiful painting was the result of a variety of popular and widely celebrated examples in Ajanta and Ellora .
This caught on quickly and in the last four centuries of the millennium a large number of such temples had been created all over the south from the Deccan to the Deccan near कुमारी .
These incidentally are far more numerous than similar excavations in the north .
It is a curious fact that these rock - cut or stone - built temples of the period though created by great kings or with their patronage were almost totally ignored by the contemporary राजाओं .
This was perhaps because they were innovations that avoided the use of traditional materials of architecture and sculpture and as such प्रतिकूल against the cult .
Evidently it took them time to become acceptable .
The Pallavas and their subsequent contemporary पल्लवों and between them in the तंजावुर temples of the Thanjavur region - LRB - शासकों - RRB - and the केरल temples of the Kerala area are much more complex than the Chalukya - Rashtrakuta and the Deccan - Andhra .
The Pallava cave - temples form a more coherent series and as such can be considered first .
गुफा - style cave - temples Mahendra बरामदे ; in the बरामदे cave - temple of सन there are बरामदे or more shrine - cells cut into the rear or side walls of the verandah or hall .
Thus one or more shrine - cells in the south or in the मंडपों mandapas are often cut into the lateral walls of the lateral side so that their mouth is cut into the rear wall of one or more shrine - mandapas on the east or west .
They were designed as all rock - cut architecture in such a way that they could represent the most creative aspects of the " structural monuments that were followed .
The cave - temples excavated by Mahendra are authenticated by his own inscriptions which are very often single उपाधियों verses or strings of his titles.
Such temples are ten in number .
The so - called Vishnu cave - temple at सियामंगलम and the said पांडव cave - temple at Malai - मुस्लिम is dedicated to the Mahendra - मुस्लिम cave - temple at मुस्लिम विष्णु now dedicated to the Pallava Temple at मुस्लिम and Cave I - मुस्लिम at शिव .
All of them are located in the vicinity of the Pallava capital of Kanchi and the port town of Mahabalipuram ( गृह ) the home province of the Pallava गृह ( North Arcot and South Arcot district ) .
The गुफा - griha or the upper rock - cut cave - temple at Tiruchirapalli is the solitary one farthest from the capital situated in the तट on the bank of the Kaveri up to which boundary तक inherited the kingdom from his father Singh Vishnu .
This cave - temple is the only example excavated near the mountain peak and the rest are nearer to the base of the hill .
The unfinished rock - cut cave - temples at अरकॉट ( North Arcot district ) and अरकॉट ( South Arcot district ) are also on a slightly better style .
The facade is longer with four six or eight equally - spaced pillars between the extreme pilasters and with three हैं five or seven shrine - cells .
The pillars are all massive वर्गाकार square in section at the ऊंचाई base of a lower height and the middle - ऊंचाई in a third of the ऊंचाई height .
They carry massive corbels with a curved ends हैं sometimes with a मध्य - free shrine with a median band the पार्श्वों .
A massive beam is cut over the काटी but there is no है cornice projection or kapota .
In the earliest cave - temple where the trinity for Brahma के - शिव Siva and Vishnu are in the simplest niches buried in the rear wall the मंडप dvarapalas are found on either side of the facade of the mandapa .
The विष्णु at सियामंगलम the Vishnu cave - temple of मंडप and के and the Vishnu cave - temple at Siyamangalam are examples of cave - temples with a single shrine - cell cut into the hind wall of the mandapa .
The गुफा of गुफा and the गुफा cave - temples at और are examples with three shrine - cells as at का .
The दीवारों temple consists of two or more shrine - cells on the side walls of its ardha - and mukha - mandapas including the three shrine - cells on the rear wall - pilasters carrying five shrine - cells in the बाजू cave - temple .
The similar unfinished " cave - temple with four pillars and two pilasters on the facade and in the hind row would indicate five shrine - cells on the rear wall .
Thus the number and disposition of shrines on the rear wall would correspond to the pillars of the mandapa in front each shrine - opening coming between two equally - spaced pillars or a pillar and a pilasters .
This along with it is in contrast to the arrangement of the wider central nave and the narrow lateral aisles of the earlier Buddhist examples followed in the contemporary and later examples of the Chalukya - Rashtrakuta series.
The facades as well as the shrines of the विष्णु , , वसंतेश्वरम वसंतेश्वरम and the Vishnu cave - temples of वसंतेश्वरम and सियामंगलम face almost east while those at Mandagappattu सियामंगलम and Siyamangalam face almost west.
The only example in this series is the मंडप where the mandapa facade and shrine - cells face .
The मंडप and गुफा cave - temples at मंडप are examples with the mandapa facing south and the shrine - cells cut into the hind wall - दीवार respectively in the eastern wall and in the west and east respectively .
In the फर्श cave - temple the larger mandapa with a single row of pillars and pilasters on the paired row would indicate the front and rear aspect of the mandapa by a difference in the floor level .
This too is rock - cut and stands on the floor of the ardha - mandapa on a distinct plinth at a still higher level .
In the case of the Tiruchirapalli cave - temple the भित्तिस्तभों is cut an inner row of pillars and pilasters very close to the hind wall with a narrow passage in between it and the wall .
The cell on the east faces west into the front part of the multi - pillared mandapa between the inner and outer rows of pillars .
This is a feature not quite Pallava but rather reminiscent of the cave - temples in the Pandyan country for example the one at पांड्य - पांड्य .
Incidentally the तिरूचिरापल्ली cave - temple of Tiruchirapalli is the southernmost Pallava cave - temple nearer to the borders of the Pandya territory .
The Siyamangalam cave - temple has small relief panels of sculpture on top of the pilasters .
The shrine - cells or garbha - गृह in all these cases are empty and do not contain either a rock - cut linga - pitha as is common in the Pandya Muttaraiyar and Chalukyan cave - temples .
The Siyamangalam cave - temple is unique even otherwise in having small sculpture panels on top of the facade pillars and pilasters .
The two panels on top of the two pilasters depict respectively a dancing Siva or tandava Siva the earliest such representation in Pallava sculptures and the " बैल " and Siva and Uma standing with a bull in their background .
Mahendra ' son मामल्ल Mamalla ( 630 - 630 ) and his backward उत्तराधिकारियों ( उत्तराधिकारियों ) मामल्ल ( 672 ) II ( 672 ) ( 672 - 700 ) - LRB - गुफा - RRB - laid the tradition started by मामल्ल .
The गुफा and गुफा cave - temples are dedicated to Vishnu the दुर्गा mandapam to Durga and the rest to Siva .
While none of the Siva cave - temples contain a rock - cut linga in the sanctum the two Vishnu cave - temples have in the sanctum stucco figures of the deities now आधुनिकीकरण .
The मंडपम mandapam of Durga has no sculpture of Durga inside the sanctum though the dedication is indicated by the female . on either side of the shrine entrance as also by the name of the temple .
The मंडपम mandapam of Rajasimha the last of the series alone contains a bas - relief panel of Siva as Somaskanda with Uma and Skanda sitting beside him and Brahma and Vishnu standing on either side of them .
Two more such Somaskanda reliefs are found on the hind wall of the mandapa on either side of the shrine entrance .
It would appear that while . I broke the tradition of the wooden and brick - and - mortar temples and excavated temples in stone he could not go far enough to change the traditional material of the main deity in the sanctum .
This had to wait for a few decades before the time of गर्भगृह I in the last quarter of the seventh century while among other innovations the carving of the principal deity as carvings on the back wall of the sanctum .
In Rajasimha ' s cave - temple the पाषाण mandapam a black polished लिंग or sixteen - sided stone linga ( धारा ) came into existence in front of the Somaskanda relief on the hind wall .
This indicated the commencement in the Pallava territory with the installation of a formless linga to represent Shiva .
The space between them is equal but wider.
The kapota over the facade is still an चट्टानी projecting rock - ledge over the beam.
The only example with triple shrine - cells is the Dharmaraja mandapam or गुफा Pallava ' s cave temple where the two lateral shrine - cells are simple excavations which are perhaps later additions without definite shrine front as is found in the case of the main central shrine .
All these cave - temples have only two pillars and two pilasters on the mandapa facade and a similar set behind inside the mandapa wherever there is a partition of ardha - and mukha - mandapas as in the Ranganathan cave - temple the रंगनाथ mandapam and so on it .
The pillars have pillars on top and बीच in between pilasters and while the pilasters are all - sided with the same sort of a exception as in the cave - temples of रंगनाथ an exception being that with the pillars as much बीच and pilasters .
This cave - temple is the only example in this series which has an outer pair of dvarapalas at either end of the mandapa facade .
The inner pair flanking the shrine entrance is in common with the rest of the temples .
In the मंडपम mandapam however there are relief sculptures of standing Brahma and Vishnu on the rear wall one on either side of the shrine entrance and beyond the द्वारपालों dvarapalas.
In the गुफा cave - temple as at Siyamangalam there are small panel reliefs of two female devotees on top of the pilasters of the inner row .
The last series of Pallava temples dated after AD 730 are small and less remarkable .
They mark the decadent phase of this type of rock architecture in पतनशील .
The cell contains on its hind wall a flat bas - relief of standing Vishnu .
This and almost similar excavation at the bottom of the larger Mahendra cave - temple are however feeble attempts considering the fact that they are rather crude small in size and shallow .
The गुफा - style cave - temple the great son of Mahendra and the eldest son of Mahendra .
This was in addition to his unique invention of the पत्तन with completely cut - out monolithic temple forms रथों or vimanas the so - called rathas and some open air bas - relief compositions of considerable size and superb quality all confined to the great Pallava port - city of महाबलीपुरम or Mahabalipuram.
These ornate cave - temples that Mamalla initiated were mostly completed in stages by his immediate successors for two generations who also created some more buildings in the same style and at the same place .
The mandapa facade has a fully represented prastara which constitutes all the architectural parts including the beam over it as in the case of the Mahendra - style cave - temples .
The prastara is fully finished with a flexed kapota or an eaves - like cornice projection decorated by horseshoe - shaped kudu कुदु .
This contains bas - relief Jain के sculptures on the hind wall of the shrine and in the niches on the lateral walls of the mandapa in front .
The cave - temples with a shrine - cell on one side of the mandapa may be mentioned on the south cave - temple at मंडप the southern cave - temple at मंडप - मंडप ( Tirunelveli district ) at the southern side of the rock at शिव .
In the case of some cave - temples the Siva cave - temple at शिव - मलैयादिप्पट्टी and the subsidiary shrine at शिव - LRB - जिला - RRB - at the पार्श्वों mandapam and the section of the cave - temple at जिला - RRB - enclosing a section of which may carry the subsidiary section of the subsidiary section of the subsidiary section of the subsidiary section of the section of the section of the section on which may carry the antarala to which may carry the section of the section of the section of the section on
Such a plan is not to be found commonly in the Pallava examples except in the case of the Pancha Pandava mandapam of Mahabalipuram and the unfinished Cave - temple IV at महाबलीपुरम .
The cave - temple at गुफा in Kerala is a large excavation of a square chamber with a linga at the centre .
It has also a third shrine cut into the rear wall of the two thus excavated into either end walls of the मंडपम mandapam .
While the mandapa - type facade pillar with a cubical base and top and an octagonal belt in between is the general rule गुफा as in the Mahendra - style cave - temples में however often रूपभेद .
For example in the स्तंभों . the apical components like the . kumbha etc . are cut at the top of the pillars of the facade .
'They are Ganesa the सप्तमातृका the Saptamatrika and और .
The Ganesa and the Saptamatrika cults would thus appear to have come into the far south from the Chalukyan area through the Ganga region before they penetrated the पल्लवों of the Pallavas.
These two are not to be seen in the Pallava cave - temples till they make their first appearance in the structural temples of Rajasimha Pallava ( 700 - कैलासनाथ ) as in the Kailasanatha at Kanchi .
In the far south गुफा गुफा गुफा . में ( southern cave - temple ) में . शिव ( शिव गुफा ) दक्षिण ( निचला गुफा ) तिरूचिरापल्ली तिरूचिरापल्ली ( Lower cave - temple तिरूचिरापल्ली . ( गुफा ) और गुफा ( गुफा गुफा ) and गुफा .
The Saptamatrika group is met with in the cave - temples at , , तिरूगोकरणम तिरूगोकरणम हैं के and कुन्नतुर .
While many of the cave - temples dedicated to Siva have a rock - cut linga with a pitha in the shrine there are others where the iconic forms of Siva are represented as bas - reliefs on the rear wall of the sanctum .
The floor of the garbha - griha is often provided in a tank - griha floor under the projected channel - spout over the top of the linga - pitha or linga ( जल ) mouth .
This feature is unknown in the Pallava temples whether cave - temples monolithic or structural but is found in the Chalukyan area and in the far - off temples of the जावा valley in Java ( Indonesia ) .
The Chalukya and Rashtrakuta cave - temples of the Deccan between the sixth century AD the Chalukyas of Badami and the eighth centuries resulted in the Rashtrakuta Chalukya - Rashtrakuta temples the eastern end of the ताप्ती to that area between the Tapti and the northern ताप्ती
The Chalukyas of के were a collateral line that had independently started ruling the Andhra coast from the commencement of the seventh century under Kubja कुब्ज the intrepid brother of Pulakesin II .
The cave - temples are to be found in Badami Aihole . - एलोरा Ellora . Elephanta जोगेश्वरी the जोगेश्वरी जोगेश्वरी Poona जोगेश्वरी जोगेश्वरी , , पूना पूना जोगेश्वरी जोगेश्वरी जोगेश्वरी जोगेश्वरी एलोरा एलोरा एलोरा एलोरा एलोरा एलोरा and भैरवकोंडा .
All these dynasties selected rock - type rock groups as in शैल Aihole and many other places in sandstone ( तट ) बंबई on the extreme west coast of बंबई ( बंबई ) बंबई at Bombay दक्कन and औरंगाबाद in the south - west औरंगाबाद .
The Western Gangas alone despite their Chalukyan affinities as stated before made a deviation in that they excavated into the hard local granite as at पश्चिमी ( Mysore ) .
The eastern branch of the Chalukyas ruling from बादामी had followed in the cave - temples a different procedure and design which was evident from the Pallava शासन to the Eastern Andhra and North Tamil Nadu or to some extent introduced by the Chalukyas .
The Chalukya - Rashtrakuta domination of the areas to the west resulted in the upper Deccan affiliations becoming quite distinct from what obtained in the lower Deccan thus exhibiting two regional idioms .
The skills and traditions that had prevailed for more than eight centuries among the local guilds of craftsmen thus continued in the generations that took up Hindu and Jain rock architecture and cave art .
They can be reached by a natural incline in front with step .
The earliest and largest one is Cave III excavated by गुफा in AD विष्णु and dedicated to Vishnu .
It is cut at the most commanding height visible from the valley in front .
There are no Vaishnava friezes on the ceiling in the front mandapa of Siva Cave I while they are present in the earlier Caves II and III which are वैष्णव .
The Jain cave - temple of a still later date is replete with Jain sculptures and है while the other three are noted for some of their bold wall sculptures mostly later addition .
The earliest - dated में - LRB - में - RRB - in relation to the sculpture - LRB - Cave RRB - at Badami - LRB - शैलीगत - RRB - is rendered almost by the Pallava गुफा and the गुफा ( they are not earlier ( तकनीक ) .
Of the two rock - cut cave - temples at Aihole ( Bijapur district ) one of them is dedicated to Siva dating about AD 700 the other one of a slightly later Jain temple .
They are excavated into the low sandstone बालुकाश्म and mark the latest of the early Chalukyan or Western Chalukyan series in their home districts .
In front of the shrine there is an inner आंतरिक - mandapa between two rows of four pillars each forming part of the circumambulatory passage round the shrine .
On the southern side of this court a smaller cave - temple for Durga is excavated into the आंगन .
It has a small cave - temple of Siva with a square shrine with a mandapa in front .
This cave - temple will have to be built in the middle of the third quarter of the seventh century while Ellora Cave 29 ( मध्यकाल ) is a very large replica of what is to be found in the beginning of the last quarter of the century .
The जोगेश्वरी cave - temple in जोगेश्वरी near Bombay which is excavated into an almost underground low trap चट्टानी is larger in area than the Elephanta cave but is essentially of the same type .
आसपास on three sides all round a marked area of rocky उत्खनन isolated a large rectangular mass on which the उत्खनन for the excavation were raised .
On the eastern and longer end a central महाद्वार or मंडप is carved with a mandapa on either side of which Ganesa is installed in one of them .
The फर्श leads into an open court and the eastern facade which is an agra - mandapa with a higher floor - level forward .
The main part of the temple beyond consists of a square का shrine surrounded by a pillared cloister with six pillars on each side counting the हुआ corner .
This is surrounded again by a lower floor - level mandapa surrounded by the rock walls on all sides except for one or three entrances in the east and the south .
On the western side there is another agra - mandapa similar to the one on the east that leads out and forward from a tunnel to the road .
The main mandapa on the southern side मंडप the main mandapa with its three gateways with the middle doorway is flanked by a superior doorway and two flanking the one on the facade may be extended with the south one line of the eight pillars .
Outside it is a narrow open court .
The rock wall beyond has incomplete or abandoned excavations of उत्खनन a small one of which the ultimate end is dedicated to Siva .
The original dedication of the main sanctum was to Siva though the temple now enshrines a modern idol of the goddess .
In the worship the गुफा ( or या ) cave on the जंगली Maharaj Road is cut into a low trap rock and it is unique that it has a triple shrine with a common प्रदक्षिणा round it a circular agra - shrine for the Nandi .
The three shrine - cells were perhaps dedicated to the Hindu trinity the central one to Siva and the lateral ones to Brahma and Vishnu .
All these features would point to the second half of the eighth century as its date in the Rashtrakuta period .
The group of two adjacent cave - temples at गोवा in Goa is a rare instance of excavation into the local उत्खनन of the west coast bordering the river .
One of them the लिंग southern cave - temple is a triple - celled unit containing in each unit a linga mounted on a rock - cut linga .
The linga forms in their symbolic aspect differ from one another and represent three different gods .
The central linga is the normal Chalukyan - type शिवलिंग ; in the southern cella a linga shaft surmounted by a solar disc representing Surya or the sun - god with a inscription below the disc specifically mentioning it as a Surya form .
The linga shaft in the northern cell is surmounted by a flat spear - head or " power " indicate that it represents Kumara or लिंग .
The most outstanding feature of the गुफा cave art has been from the Buddhist times the dominance of sculpture over architecture .
This was largely due to the softness of the stone material and the urge to exploit spaces as on the whole nature of the design on the walls on the walls of Ellora Ellora and Badami .
The different god - forms sculptured are depicted generally in the narrative or brief या .
They vary in size from very large - sized individual figures as the dvarapalas . Mahesamurti etc. to almost the size of से .
Though the linga - pitha of Siva as the linga - linga with its special linga the linga - pitha as it is called लिंग is not adequately carved out in the early stages of the Pallava cave - temple - LRB - AD - RRB - as in the later forms of the forms of the लिंग - forms of the लिंग .
But in the north of the Tamil country the लिंग in the Chalukya - Rashtrakuta cave - temples the presence of the rock - cut linga - pitha though not always along with the linga on it would suggest a continuity with the prevailing trends in the region .
These discoveries connect with the founder of पाशुपत . - पाशुपत . and refer to the gradual expansion of the southern and linga cult in centuries के in early Tamil Nadu .
The iconographic forms seen in the Badami group include among Vaishnava forms : Varaha में Narasimha Anantasayin कृष्णलीला Narasimha Anantasayin कृष्णलीला कृष्णलीला कृष्णलीला Vishnu and कृष्णलीला .
The Siva forms are tandava के Harihara and हैं .
Among the others are Ganesa Kartikeya महिषमर्दिनी Durga and Mahishamardini .
At Aihole ( या or या ) we have Varaha वराह Harihara . गंगाधर गंगाधर गंगाधर Mahishamardini and the two funds .
The एलोरा at Ellora depicts also the एलोरा or six - fold cult of Surya Vishnu के Siva Kartikeya Ganesa and Durga .
The mandapa facade has on top a fully formed kapota with है as in the Mamalla - style cave - temples of the Pallavas.
The pillars are square in section and of the Chalukyan pattern as found in the cave - temples on the banks of the Krishna .
In some the pillars have lion shapes on top and are also lion - based with capital components above as in the Mamalla - style cave - temples .
The shrine entrances are plain and without any over - doors .
These composite figures and other features coupled with the bas - relief sculptures of Brahma and Vishnu in the mandapa provisions for the sex in the लिंग temple and the presence and rock - cut cave - temple represent their non - sectarian origin .
These are in fact large sculptures of architectural models carved out of the fragments masses of standing rocks or in the entire boulders of the hard granite पट्टिताश्म .
The germ of the idea of cutting out an entire temple form lies in the carved - out stupas inside the rock - cut chaitya halls of western India .
The idea was further elaborated by the Buddhists in the large hypaethral stupa forms at बौद्धों Visakhapatnam district Andhra Pradesh .
The " विमान " or more storeys ( that could be as far as possible ) have been called in the Silpa texts as " the main vimana " .
The great Brihadisvara vimana of Thanjavur is of course the same as the विमान which rises to over 60 metres .
The most characteristic and general feature of the " vimana " of the south is the prastara on every storey the prastara on its periphery and a niche over its body or " हर्म्य of the following tala " .
They are Nandis or में in Siva temples नंदी विष्णु विष्णु Vishnu or Jain temples ; में in Vishnu or में .
This became an invariable feature of the southern temples from this period .
So the communal identity of a temple and the nature of its वाहनों can also be seen from a distance by observing the " or the " वाहनों " on the topmost tala .
According to the नागर - sided polygonal or वेसर southern vimanas are classified in the southern Silpa and Agama texts as Nagara विमानों and वेसर .
That which is hexagonal or octagonal from the base to the finial or has a hexagonal or octagonal griva and sikhara is termed , .
They are called विमान because they are smaller than similar projections from the sides of the main griva sikhara part of the vimana which are the projections of the griva sikhara part of the vimana .
They can be seen that the hara in most of the cave - temples of the Mamalla - style is only a single string of rectangular लडी and at the ends of each line called the कोनों - पांडव karnakutas at the ends of the figure first found in the ones cave - temple .
The karnakutas in the sala and corners in every direction while most of the शाला ( चट्टान ) are found in the same class of stone vimanas the third element of the hara का or skeleton ) appears only in the second quarter of the Dharmaraja ratha .
Though this is not repeated in the structural aspect of the first विमानों second or third talas of the Chalukyas and the Pallavas the विमानों appears as an invariable constituent of the larger castes and main vimanas from the eighth century .
The ham may stand apart from the central हर्म्य of the tala that it surrounds leaving a narrow circumambulatory passage in between as in the Dharmaraja ratha where all the talas are intended to be functional .
This plan of a lesser defeat was possible only in the case of such vimanas where the sanctum was sandhara or double - walled and with a circumambulatory rising passage in between the two walls rising above all the inner wall .
Though some of these aircrafts are preferred and subsequent विमानों still there are huge विमानों in all the cases of the main class vimanas the overall expansion of the plan and the अपरिष्कृत proportions of the height are में in comparison .
The third variant would be the one with the addition of a flexed kapota or cornice below the में area .
A कमल or कुमुद may also be placed over a series of lotus leaves .
While the unitary type of the southern temple in its simplest form consisted merely of the vimana proper enclosing the garbha - griha with a porch - like antarala or ardha - mandapa with the growth of the Agama and rituals .
बाह्य such as the maha - mandapa mukha - mandapas agra - mandapas agra - mandapas agra - mandapas agra - mandapas agra - mandapas agra - mandapas agra - mandapas etc . and also soon outside the outer circle herald the utsava - mandapas and sabha - mandapas .
The mandapas of the southern temples are all flat - roofed however long or large they may be .
Occasionally one finds them slopy - roofed if the local climatic conditions so demand as for instance on the west coast and the extreme tip of the Peninsula .
This is in sharp contrast to what obtains in the northern Indian - Gujarat प्रासादों in Orissa or central India vimanas .
The pillars there invariably meet or tiered superstructures terminating in a finial over the roofs of the mandapa in the axial or transverse line of the main prasada the superstructures being of the उठती type or its simplified pitha - pitha .
The two bas - relief replicas in miniature on either flank of the facade of the Ramanuja mandapa cave - temple are likewise ekatala Nagara forms but with their cella empty .
Their adhishthana stands over a larger moulded platform called the विमान which is joined as an optional member often in the design to elevate the height of a vimana .
A similar bas - relief miniature of an ekatala vimana of a hexagonal section from base to apex is depicted inside the front sikhara arch of the Nakul सहदेव .
This with a uniform polygonal plan from base to apex would conform to the pure Dravida class of southern vimanas as described in the texts .
The representation of the simple dvitala or pure multi - storeyed vimanas facing विमानों and pillars central to the top of the विमानों
The trinity cave - temple at Mahabalipuram is different from the other rock - cut type गुफा type of rock - cut type ; it is only a relief from the front wall of the three contiguous units .
The entrances of the three vimana fronts are guarded by appropriate विमानों figures carved inside the niches .
It is inside a niche dedicated to the adhishthana having a flight of steps in front as in the adjoining है temple .
The five rathas at the southern end of Mahabalipuram comprise a group by themselves .
Of these the Draupadi व्हेल Arjuna धर्मराज Bhima and Dharmaraja rathas standing in a line are cut out of a single whale - back rock extending north - south and severed into three convenient sections.
The northernmost section of lesser height has been utilized for cutting out the shorter Draupadi ratha and the storeyed Arjuna ratha with a common platform or upa - pitha for both below their separate रथों .
The fifth रथ - सहदेव or सहदेव ratha which is apsidal or apsidal in का form and the adjoining चट्टान - चट्टान both of them are cut into another small rock called the Draupadi and the Arjuna rathas lying सामने in front west .
The central portion of the rock between the two rathas is retained and cut out as a large sculpture of a recumbent Nandi facing west.
They are replicas of ekatala Nagara vimanas square in section from base to apex .
The much damaged remains of a monolithic vimana are to be found in में in front of the upper cave - temple of the के विमान - विमान group .
In the precincts of the apsidal brick . of जिला at जिला ( जिला district ) there are a number of miniature shrine models monolithic in character evidently of a एकाश्मक type .
They recall similar models found in the temple precincts at पडोसी जिले जिले and आलमपुर in the neighbouring district of जिले .
While the Western Chalukyas of Badami were making progress in the construction of the structural stone temples the Pallavas ' style of cut out stone in the पाषाण rock - cut cave - temples and the Rashtrakuta ones who later took it to their own domain of the Chalukyas .
The creation of Rashtrakuta Krishna I ( राष्ट्रकूट ) is in a way unique .
A narrow central bloc on a chosen area in a पहाडी rock was raised up to a rock - top in all directions and raised a narrow central beam ( about के metres ) and was raised in front of it a rock - like shape which further आगे up into the oblong mass .
The massive mass of rock - like sculpture which was best for the carving out of a long बाजू of a central vimana and its axial mandapas instead of on this arm is built over two massive open pillars on each side in front .
The forecourt on the front measuring प्रमाप x . was cut wider than on the sides and it was on the two sides of this that the two monolithic pillars cut out .
The much narrower transversely oblong mass in front afforded the material for the carving out of a front gopura entrance हैं with the two wings of prakara walls .
The gopura is double - storeyed with a sala sikhara on top and a passage cut through its lower part विमान on the forecourt in front and the circumambulatory passage round the base of the main vimana complex .
The upper storey is connected with the floor of the Nandi - mandapa .
Likewise it was conceived as a two - storeyed structure with the lower storey solid and अनुप्रयोज्य and for the rising stage of the aditala and containing the external markings of all the architectural features .
The main part of the temple beyond consists essentially of a vimana containing the sanctum with a closed maha - mandapa or ardha - mandapa and a closed maha - mandapa in front .
The whole axial series is raised over a highly ornate plinth with its principal platform prominently carved अग्रभागों over the fronts of the अग्रभागों elephants के lions and other legendary animals .
Behind this on the hill are the remains of an unfinished sala - type edifice monolithic likewise and akin to the Bhima and Ganesa rathas of the Pallavas.
The monolithic Nandi - mandapa in front of Cave 15 at Ellora with an inscription of Rashtrakuta का is perhaps a slightly earlier carved - out एकाश्मक in this region .
A smaller and much later Jain विमान version of the Kailasa vimana also of the Rashtrakuta period at Ellora is popularly called the Chota Kailasa . .
There is another chaumukh standing in the forecourt of Cave 33 .
The फर्श is placed at the centre of the sanctum floor and is visible through the doors from all around .
The Chota Kailasa stands farther away and higher .
As against these Pallava and Rashtrakuta creations the contribution by the contemporary Pandyas of the far south to this series is the exquisitely carved राष्ट्रकूटों एकाश्म at जिले Tirunelveli district .
It can be dated about AD 800 if not slightly earlier.
Both the dvitala vimana and its ardha - mandapa cut out of the entrenched mass on the hill slope are incomplete but the finished upper parts reveal a high degree of workmanship and art and contain some outstanding sculptures.
The four Nandis on the corners of the top ग्रीवा round the base of the griva indicate the date and the dedication of the temple to Siva.
The dating is further indicated by the sculptures of दक्षिण Vishnu की Brahma and Siva on the south ग्रीवा west north and east nasika fronts respectively on the faces of the griva sikhara a feature that became constant from the ninth century onwards .
The चालुक्य in a sharp competition with its Chalukyan rivals ; which sustained the desire of exclusive achievements in architecture and were used by the Chalukyas in a simple and profitable manner by the Pallavas the very hard nature of the granite के and the चट्टानों .
Furthermore शैल ' rock architecture itself implied the creation of temples only at places where शैल or शैल were built .
In the main temple भीतर is a Somaskanda panel on its hind wall particularly inside a raised niche sculpture perched on a stone slab on top and is visible on the stone slab placed behind the stone shrine and is placed beyond it .
The hara is found again on the upper storeys except the talas .
The griva and sikhara ग्रीवा which are modern ईट in brick and mortar are as per the original plan octagonal .
The corners of the walls of the aditala and of the attached shrines are व्याल by bold rearing vyala pilasters है characteristic of Rajasimha temples .
Otherwise the walls lack sculpture as in the दीवारों temple evidently because of the hard material of construction .
The inner walls of the antarala are only the dvarapalas ( Brahma and Vishnu ) . which reduces the importance of the original trinity .
The northern outer shrine contains remnants of a Pallava mural painting depicting a dancing Siva with Parvati.
The main sanctum has a large sixteen - sided polished basalt linga with a large circular linga of the लिंगपीठ - pitha occupying almost the entire floor of the temple .
The दीवार is a special niche on the hind wall and the गोद is the usual Somaskanda panel with Siva and Uma seated with Skanda on Uma ' s lap and Brahma and Vishnu standing on either side .
The inner wall of the garbha - griha is plain and square while the outer wall visible between the abutting vimanas is profusely sculptured with reliefs of gods and goddesses .
The दीवारों talas are built over a bridge of slabs spanning the two walls .
The double walls and the sides and the sides and the sides with the smaller ones have obviously been intended to give proper विमान to the vimana superstructure which is the largest vimana of this period and at the same time gives a balanced ratio of height .
The third storey has again a hara of kutas and salas above ; the कोनों and the fourth carries only four Nandis on the corners at its top .
The pilasters of the shrines adjoining the aditala wall.
There is a detached multi - pillared oblong mandapa in front longer on its north - south axis and with its भित्तिस्तंभ pilasters vyala - based while the rest are of the क्षेत्र type with basal and apical square sections and intervening section .
The whole is surrounded by a prakara with a gap on the middle of its east side and enclosing an open court .
Inside there are two lateral oblong shrines in the centre on the north and south .
In front of the whole complex there is a series of eight small dvitala square kuta vimanas with octagonal griva and sikhara all memorial shrines परिवार and परिवार as well as the families of the inner malika devoid of the ham elements over their परिवार .
While some of them are of course the Pallava inscribed on the rough surface of sandstone the पलस्तर of limestone which in those early years were found to चिकना the rocky surface and to सुरक्षा the stone for further protection as in Ajanta .
For example in a cella on the north - east corner of the मालिका malika the extant plaster is found by the author to पलस्तर an inscription on the stone below .
This alone would denote that the पलस्तर was at best an पलस्तर in the times of the founder himself or immediately .
For an inscription would not be incised on a surface .
In the same way the author is said to have found in another temple on the south line a painted plaster - LRB - underneath the broken parts of the पलस्तर first ( ' पलस्तर ' ) a later inscription on the stone as well which was the present .
Prince राजकुमार is known from inscriptions to have repaired the damages wrought by the Muslim incursions and restored worship in the temple .
This accounts for fragmentary paintings of the Vijayanagar period also .
The विमान - LRB - Tiruchirapalli district - RRB - is of the original and consists of a three - storeyed vimana square on plan from the base to the apex its ardha - mandapa is west to the south and has two large maha - mandapa one for them .
Two of these are complete and the third is represented by its extant basement .
All this was surrounded by sixteen sub - shrines and a prakara with a small entrance on the west .
This temple is an important landmark in the line of the great south Indian temple .
It is built of fine - grained and neatly - dressed granite and is noted for its exquisite नारी नारी नारी Kalari Siva and some feminine types .
Similarly the नर : Sri नारी ( Tiruchirapalli district ) is another early temple with पत्थर . situated in नारी ) ) in ईश्वर and जिला with a hard stone पत्थर noted for its fine and graceful नारी ; नर ; males and females .
Hundreds of stone temples were thus built in Tamil Nadu in the centuries before and after AD 1000 in replacement of the earlier brick - and - timber structures in places hallowed by the memory of the स्मृतियों and the स्मृतियों saints .
Similar activity though on a lesser scale is to be found in the southern Mysore area the पश्चिमी where the Western Gangas of पश्चिमी leave a few contemporary shrines of पत्थरों .
The earliest would be of a small size ekatala vimanas with हैं of the later Jain temple on the Chandragiri hill in Sravana ( Hassan district ) .
But the most impressive Jain temple on the same hill is the विमान basti ( विमान ) a three - storeyed east - facing vimana with a closed mandapa and open porch .
This was a significant change कैलासनाथ occurred almost at the same time in the Pallava temples as in the Shore temple and the Kailasanatha of Kanchi .
The Sangamesvara establishes another landmark in that it has in its scheme two side shrines in the ardha - mandapa at its two ends on either side of the sanctum entrance dedicated to Durga and Ganapati .
The Virupaksha " the largest structural temple complex of the early Chalukyas is the one tall four - storeyed vimana with a axial mandapas and peripheral cloister in the whole courtyard all along the prastara and sala forms the पश्चिम or पश्चिम gopura built in front .
The square vimana has a sandhara aditala the aditala outer wall of which as also the adhishthana below is thrown out into five bays and four recesses on each side .
They are in varying पंजरों corresponding to their corner karnakutas central salas and inter - पंजरों panjaras of the ham over the prastara of that side .
The mandapa is multi - pillared with massive sculptured columns and has three other openings with projected pillared porches on its three दक्षिण north and south .
The शालाएं of the ham on top of the mandapa . that come over these three entrances as in the Kailasa of Ellora are rendered bigger in dimensions than the rest of the ham elements in order to simulate miniature द्वारों .
The बीच niches accommodated between pilasters in relieved bays have varied sculptures set inside for kuta panjara or torana structures .
The second tala carries four karnakutas and three salas over its prastara .
The prakara wall has over its coping a series of kutas and salas as over the Pallava Shore temple .
The Mallikarjuna built close to the Virupaksha is a smaller temple with a four - storeyed vimana square in all its talas .
The griva and sikhara above are circular .
It has also a prominent sukanasika projected forward from its upper talas .
The topmost tala has no ham ; it shows the beginning of the characteristic वाहनों or symbols appropriate to the dedication of the main shrine .
The Durga temple at Aihole is essentially a southern vimana of the apsidal or दक्षिणी kind of a south vimana enclosing an extremely complex of विमान विमान a part of the original design retreat and if a later added one is irrelevant and incongruous .
The shrine and its axial mandapas stand raised with their adhishthana built over a sub - base a feature not common in the earlier temples considered above but usual in later temples of the Chalukyan and Pallava - Pandya चालुक्य .
Thus the platform over the upa - pitha becomes an external trend . with a slopy roof spanning the gap between the outer wall of one vimana and the axial mandapas on the other side and the pillars standing on the edge .
The upa - pitha terminates in front as a narrower platform with lateral steps and a frontal जंगला .
These peripheral pillars of the front mandapa section and those at the front or eastern end on either side of the inner edge of the landing have large statutory carved groups while the rest are devoid of such अलंकरण .
They are all interconnected by चालुक्य or seats with lean - back rests as is common in the Chalukyan structures .
The adhishthana too and the outer wall over the antarala are also divided into eleven bays each three on the linear lateral side walls the rear one being led one on the rear apse one at which the entrance के would occupy the front door of the mandapa .
All these eleven bays carry devakoshthas the niches of which are framed by shrine fronts of all patterns of southern - style vimanas and northern - style प्रासादों such as the kuta sala . or कोष्ठ or कोष्ठ or देवकोष्ठ panjara पंजर or कोष्ठ arches .
This much - developed feature is coupled with the presence of a prominently projecting pranala or बाहरी - like water - spout over the adhishthana level on the northern side at the apse end of the outer wall .
This indicates a later date than the usual expected date for the temple viz . the different develop features such as the different Toda forms टोडा sculpture the upa - pitha etc .
This and the presence of an inscription of Chalukya Vikramaditya II ( AD विक्रमादित्य ) on the ruined outer gopura at the south - eastern part of the prakara indicate a date early in the first quarter of the eighth century .
The inner wall of a typical short apse or चाप form encloses the sanctum .
It has two linear side walls further and in the company there are two rows of four pillars inside the antarala mandapa which divide the spot as a central nave forming a flat triangular ceiling on which there is a stone - slab on which it is attached .
The pillar capitals too have lost their original shape and को and are transformed into mere conventional shapes found in the later Chalukyan temples .
The prastara carries a ham of kutas salas and panjaras .
The second tala has a sanctum enclosed by the upward extension of the inner wall of the aditala .
Its antarala front is masked by the basal part of the sukanasika while the prastara on the other three sides carries four karnakutas and three salas there being no scope for a sola on the front side because of the sukanasika .
The third storey of some lesser width is relieved on its sides except on the front or sukanasika direction .
The bays contain उदगम motifs as in northern - style temples .
The square sikhara following the same scheme of चालुक्य in the later Chalukyan temples is बारह .
In addition to the two inner pillars of the peripheral series set in front of the navaranga the remaining four central pillars of sandstone though of a somewhat बालुकाश्म have been shaped into a चट्टानों or चट्टानों of the later Chalukyas and their successors .
The Eastern Chalukyas of बादामी a collateral branch of the early Chalukyas of Badami however have left a series of structural temples in sandstone which are more akin in their style to the Pallava style of बादामी to their south .
These along with the two superimposed larger or main doorways on the east make the विमान vimana a chaumukh or चौमुख structure described in the texts as चौमुख .
In front on the east the दीवारों of the walls pierced behind the main doorway provides the भीतरी passage across the sandhara circuit leading to the inner doorway of the sanctum .
In front of this antarala is laid the अनुप्रस्थ - अनुप्रस्थ अनुप्रस्थ with flights of steps raised north and south पर forward .
The outer doorway is flanked by two colossal dvarapalas as are the outer entrances .
The central bays of the outer walls which are the widest with door - openings have at the top over the prastara of the second tola the largest sala of the hara of that side .
The central bays of lesser width have panjaras at their top thus constituting the full hara of पंजर over the second tala prastara .
The main pilasters containing the corners of the bays and their angles with the walls are square in section with full capitals.
The abacus or शीर्षों as in earlier Pallava capitals is large massive and square but the corbel or पल्लव arms are स्थूल with a central triangular त्रिकोणात्मक joints on the पल्लव page .
The inner wall of the lower storey has on its three sides in the recesses between immense pilasters and opposite to the outer wall openings more than life - size sculptures of Siva seated on the south dancing on the west and of Durga on the north .
This lower ambulatory contains over the rest of the inner wall the pilasters and pilasters inner ceilings and also over the inner face of the outer wall extensive mural paintings of the Chola period सत्रहवीं by later सत्रहवीं of the Nayaka period in the seventeenth century .
The Chola layer has been exposed wherever extant by peeling off the damaged Nayaka layer .
The most prominent subject emerging in the entire section of the space on the inner wall are the भीतरी and the other one being pointed out the story of Shiva the saint संत संत and the singer of his queens and परिजनों
Other paintings of performers like dancers musicians नर्तकों birds and animals are also interesting .
After the earlier paintings of an extensive nature in the Buddhist caves at Ajanta and the smaller area of paintings in the Jain cave - temple of बौद्ध these are the only other extensive series of quality forming an important landmark in the history of Indian mural painting .
Each tala carries over its prastara a ham of kutas salas and panjaras .
The topmost tala has instead four Nandis placed at the four corners with the octagonal griva and sikhara rising up from the midst.
The topmost stones closing the ultimate gap alone is estimated by their size .
The stupi as originally intended by Rajaraja is ताम्र and as stated in his inscription in the temple is of copper gilt with gold and is 3. ताम्र m tall .
The entire interior of the pyramid from its base to apex is rendered hollow by the gradual अंदर of the successive courses of masonry in the चिनाई karana method .
From the top of the adhishthana at about the middle of the northern side a large and carved water - spout is projected which discharges the जल water flowing out of the shrine chamber .
The water goes along the फर्श running through the bases of the two walls and along the floor of the sandhara circumambulatory in between.
The lengthy pranala or spout is supported on the head of a भूत squatting over the upa - pitha platform .
Opposite to this pranala and a little to the east is built the coeval square vimana for के the विमान of the Siva temple .
This position located by Rajaraja in his great temple became the norm for all Siva temples of the later period .
हुई the wide open court around the vimana and its axial mandapas including the Nandi pavilion is a two - tiered prakara wall of the same period and also the Nandi - mandapa is within this prakara itself .
On the middle of the eastern side the prakara has a massive gopura built entirely of stone .
Inside the prakara its wall is built with a continuous double - storeyed cloister or malika with a third open terrace on top interrupted at the four corners and the middle of the three sides by seven square tritala vimanas with octagonal griva sikhara .
These are dedicated to the eight वृत्ताकार or guardians of the यम Agni Yama - Varuna Vayu ( वायु ) Soma - अग्नि and को starting from the south - east to the north - east .
The shrine for the eighth इंद्र Indra and another for Surya merge into the inner face of the vertical base of the gopura on the east .
In front of the gopura and at some distance away from it is a second outer and larger gopura perhaps going with an outer prakara wall originally but now incorporated into the defensive fort - wall of much later times .
In addition to the inner gopura the prakara wall is pierced by three additional smaller entrances of the torana gate variety placed opposite the centre of the south west and north sides of the main vimana .
These are framed by simple over - doors with horizontal हैं .
Following this a number of wholly apsidal temples or temples with four - sided aditala and apsidal superstructure and griva sikhara continued to be built in this part of Tamil Nadu in later times .
Such temples are rather rare in the Chola and पांडिमंडलम further south .
These two are essentially lesser versions of the two Brihadisvara vimanas but incorporate in their design some variations and innovations revealing an amount of Chalukya - Rashtrakuta domination .
The topmost tala carries four square karnakutas again flanked by a pair of recumbent Nandis one on either side .
It persisted for about a century in some temples and disappeared as before leaving the place for Nandis alone .
But at the same time this temple of Rajaraja II begins with the idea of the founding of Nandi - नंदी or similar vehicles on the corners of the other temple - who' ll come up with the शरीरों or शरीरों of the dead.
Another feature that has been left behind in the later temples of the Pallavas and in the early Chola temples is a still further extension of the ardha - mandapa in front of the Pallavas.
The main axial complex of vimana and mandapas is similar to the plan in the Brihadisvara .
The Hoysalas too when they came to occupy a part of Tamil Nadu in the last days of the later Cholas left some significant gopuras as for example the आधिपत्य gopura at आधिपत्य .
The मूर्तिशिल्प gopuras of Ko - चिदंबरम at Chidambaram नृत्य and other places are noted for their sculptures के at चिदंबरम ' s के - पेरूंजिंगा with their sculptures particularly for the depiction of the hundred and eight dance poses .
These kumbha panjaras became a common feature .
The shape of the stone or wooden पाषाण projected from the विजयनगर पुष्प has also changed and the central लटकन of the simpler विजयनगर of the earlier विजयनगर has more or less become the लटकन of the bell shaped लटकन gradually become the पुष्प of the Vijayanagar पुष्प .
The abacus of the pillar and pilaster capitals becomes thinner smaller and polygonal in shape.
These are found in the में and में temples at तंजावुर ( Thanjavur district ) where in the case of the नटराज it fronts the sabha - mandapa of Nataraja which again is another feature added to the temples from the later Chola times .
They are also to be found in तिरूवस्र , , वृद्धाचलम Chidambaram and many other places .
This provided inspiration to the Eastern Ganga king Narasimha for constructing such a mandapa in his तटीय temple in north coastal Andhra and more so in his great Sun temple at Konark .
The top talas are devoid of the hara the top sikhara has a prominently तिरछे out brim or lip and the sides are offset again .
The hara elements too retain their characteristic shapes and the projected bays of the aditala wall have में niches framed by kuta fronts mounted on shorter pilaster pairs or by makara toranas .
The door - frame fronts of the code are देवकोष्ठ .
The mandapa pillars are partially lathe - turned in respect of their capitals while the shaft is square and angular marking the beginnings of the characteristic pillars of the later period .
Another oblong shrine with a narrow front mandapa stands next to the में group .
The other ruined structures are all enclosed by a prakara with two openings on two of the four sides .
The mention of goddesses like Ganga गंगा देवियों Sarasvati and देवियों in the associated inscriptions indicates a strong devi cult .
The horse on the घोडे turned out to be a horseshoe - shaped and became flat facets .
The wall spaces between the relieved bays of the aditala are adorned by reliefs of shrine हैं with superstructures of the southern vimana patterns or of the northern prasada patterns .
The square - based pillars of the mandapa are partially lathe - turned particularly the capitals below the मंडपों showing some advance in this respect over the earlier मंडपों examples .
There are two rectangular shrines facing the four central pillars of the mandapa perhaps originally dedicated to Ganapati and Durga .
However more interesting is the fact that in spite of the structural thickness the walls are built of small stone pieces है common to the brick - work . while the original large or large sections of the Chalukyas and the Rashtrakuta were employed in some extent .
The cave - temples of , खदान near खदान are to be found in temples of खदान - खदान who in their construction have been completely cured of the fine grain - dried in natural पत्थर with which the soft stone could easily be used .
The new material because of its less thick quarry size and the greater ease with which it can be cut naturally reacted upon workmanship resulting in the reduced size of the masonry courses and increased volume of fine and delicate carvings on such tempting soft and smooth materials .
Among the many interesting temples of such material in this place the Jain temple is the largest and most prominent one being built in the latter half of the eleventh century .
It has a square five - storeyed nirandhara vimana with a square griva and sikhara .
The pillars inside the mandapa have square bases .
The shaft and the broad square abacus is smoothly rounded turned round and polished with खराद and a series of उभारों projecting मनके मनके and मनके and मनके and later embellished with finely picked से
Sometimes the axial series of the temple unit is surrounded by an open court and pillared cloister inside the prakara wall having its भीतर entrance only on one side .
There are hundreds of more or more of the Hoysala temples of considerable importance ; both in the बेलूर and बेलूर temple at बेलूर in the district of बेलूर ( both in बेलूर district ) the former and later capital of केशव ( सोमनाथ district ) .
The बेलूर temple unit at Belur was built by Hoysala विष्णुवर्धन in होयसल and consecrated to Vishnu with the name Vijaya Narayan .
It is now the main unit of the complex of later temples surrounded by a cloister and prakara with a gopura entrance on the east on the axial line of the main unit and a plain side entrance to the south .
There is a large navaranga before the द्वार by which there are extended paths or closed हैं in three directions the former the south and the north बाहर end to elaborately carved entrances with over - doors.
All this is raised by the upa - pitha 1. 5 m high the विमान scheme of its open circumambulatory following the विमान plan of the vimana and its axial mandapas .
The walls of the garbha - griha are sometimes plain in the simpler cases as in the one on the tank - bund at Palampet .
When alternately projected and recessed the bays are full of broad भित्तिस्तंभ flat pilaster patterns .
The recesses contain a slender pilaster carrying a shrine top at its apex over its abacus with a superposed creeper or patra - अंतरों torana .
It is rather a slopy straight projected ledge often large .
The prastara over the antarala and the front mandapas carry like the lower tala of the vimana superstructure a hara of miniature shrines of the kuta variety often in brick and mortar .
These form the fore - runners of the typical arched niche - like miniature shrine series the विमान of the subsequent Vijayanagar mandapa . of the vimana superstructure are an invariable characteristic marking the Chalukyan derivation of the temples .
The sukanasika projected in front of the vimana superstructure is an invariable characteristic की similar to the Chalukyan continuation of the temples.
Which had been closed after his entry before the expiry of twelve years determined by the संत saint it must have been discovered in the absence of a संत भौतिक ' the signs of his successor being प्रवास .
The site of this मुक्ति AD हम्पी was purified by a शिवलिंग which was soon made a temple and it is believed that the Acharya and the saint were able to transmit and express their own spiritual significance to the people of विजयनगर .
Upper wall
The काकतीय has a Gajalakshmi relief and the existence of a broad projecting cornice over each one of the doorways is reminiscent of the Kakatiya mode .
The राशियां fluctuations in the में of the कमल are the सूर्य who are supposed to have looked at the twelve months : the सूर्य Central lotus is supposed to be the symbol of the sun the lotus in the में Temple of Sringeri .
Their pose is also true to nature attesting to the acquaintance of the sculptor with things of nature .
कारण know that a species of Indian parrot Psittacula commonly called बसेरा is unique among Indian birds for its habit of बसेरा upside down like the बसेरा .
For an ascetic yogi it can be a form of sadhana or penance .
The superstructure of the vimana or garbha part is an upward extension .
It is a tall cylindrical tower of three upper talas of gradually diminishing circumference raised over the sanctum terminating in the griva that carries the sikhara with the stupi on top while the roof over the antarala is projected from the front of the vimana superstructure .
Between the outer and inner wall of the aditala the top of the sandhara track is made from the method of rain - stone and also the front facade of the mandapa is also made into an appropriate stone - carry section with a suitable slopy slope .
There are three niches provided in the main शुकनासा of the three पश्चिम south - west and north ; while the former has a prominent शुकनासा .
The prastara of this second tala . or the का is composed of seven tiers of curved का or kapota .
The third tala of a slightly lesser elevation repeats the same pattern ending with its में of five कपोतों superposed one over the one .
The fourth tala of still lesser height again of the same pattern carries an का of the three कपोतों .
The scheme is an adaptation of the ग्रीवा system of ग्रीवा successively coming up and the ग्रीवा also have a distinct but short gap between the two . the griva as in the Eastern ग्रीवा and the पूर्वी though differentiated by the Eastern ग्रीवा .
The top of the third tola carrying the गृहपिंडी or base of the griva has four Nandis at the four corners or नंदी .
The griva sikhara combination has four maha nasikas projected on the four cardinal sides including the eastern face where the third tola of the vimana rises clear over the top of the frontal शुकनासा .
All the five stupis are of metal and they together constitute a pancha विमान scheme that according to ancient Buddhist texts should be the character of a divine aircraft .
Built of granite it stands on a lofty and well - moulded upa - pitha platform .
Its five - storeyed vimana is a double - walled sandhara structure . and the tala superstructure has the characteristic sukanasika projection .
A horizontal band divides the exterior wall face into upper and lower halves .
The lower half shows a series of shrine fronts between pairs .
The स्लेटी of में and Virabhadra in nearby राजवंश shrine of में and Virabhadra are made of greyish - green granite .
The two separate vimanas have their front mandapas inter - connected.
He took note of what was developing further north .
Their geographical position astride the area of the Deccan dividing the peninsula from the northern half of the subcontinent made them susceptible to more influences .
The result was the origin of the earlier Chalukyan architecture and art ( as the उद्गम - के in Aihole - LRB - Badami - RRB - and the आसपास near the कदंब in the Andhra region and the कदंब - as formed on the southern THE कदंब branch of the northern Chalukyas .
The square vimana in its simplest form is of a square vimana with a low superstructure rising up often as a pyramid with the तलों essentially of a pyramidal or पिरामिड set up by a lesser tiered prastara and ओलती prastara .
The kapota tiers are decorated by relieved कुदु motifs particularly at the centre on each side .
The separating necks or गले may be altogether absent or much abbreviated so as not to be visible .
At the highest level a small griva containing a typical मसूर or the amalaka - LRB - मसूर - RRB - figure in shape similar to मसूर and मसूर with मसूर
These also came to be built in other parts of Karnataka and Andhra .
The sikhara in these temples indicates the entire superstructure over the section that enclosing the विमान shrine forming a single unit called अंड which is not visible in the कोनों or विमान outlines of the tala .
Thus it is clear that what is termed the sikhara in a northern rekha - prasada is not to be equated with what is known by the same name .
The smaller भूमि the भूमि found squeezed in at the corners of the superstructure of the prasada hence called भूमि are the only basis for differentiating the land .
Their विमान generally follow the patterns found in the southern vimana and have a clear prastara in the trunk पृथक a superstructure over it .
The square plan or leg position is relieved by three or five bays on each face from base to top the relieved parts being called rathas making the temple tri ratha or tri ratha .
The most prominent and obvious sukanasika is projected from the front side of the antarala roof and projects more than two - thirds of its width in the top .
In addition to the mandapas these northern - style temples of the Chalukyan area share much in common with the local vimana types : their pillar forms door - frames sculptures particularly the dvarapalas and the द्वारपालों sculptures on either side of the entrances and the द्वारपालों .
These are generally tri rathas with front legs .
The outer wall is plain or decorated with a pillared central bay .
The former ones are of sandhara type while the latter one is of the निरंधार type though they are similar in general outward form .
The मंडप has a low and linear plan with a stunted sikhara over the main edifice which is too small in proportion to the whole length of the mandapa and mandapa in front of it .
The most interesting feature is the hara of karnakutas with karnakutas at the front corners and a few panjaras in between that extend continuously over the roof of the axial mandapas a southern feature appropriate only to the vimana type of temples .
The Sangamesvara in the महाकूटेश्वर group is of the tri ratha lay - out with a pillared mandapa in front .
The घिरा group of temple units is surrounded by a common prakara with a group of six kinds of miniature shrines other structures besides the other ones the हुआ sandhara प्रासाद - प्रासाद with a tri - horned sikhara of a tri ratha type and its construction nearly आसपास .
The समूह and समूह of the complex at जिला ( District धड ) the principal units of the group are both nirandhara with a tri ratha sikhara over a square body .
They have in addition to having the adhishthana akin to that of the southern vimana type show also a vyala van or vyala mala a प्रस्तर of vyalas in the विमान an invariable component of the prastara of the southern vimana temples and absent in all the other pillars .
The larger मंडप has a sanctum . antarala and axial mandapas in front .
The shrine wall is plain but for a देवकोष्ठ niche on each side .
Among the smaller shrines are specimens of square rectangular and apsidal plans .
The के पंचलिंगेश्वर near Kurnool though much renovated also belongs to this class .
It has a pillared mandapa in front with a central raised छत roof and lateral wings with slopy roofs.
It contains an inscription of the time AD 750 .
Another well - preserved temple of this type is to be found in में . nearby with a nirandhara stone having carvings of Ganesa और Durga and Kartikeya on the relieved भुजाओं niches on its sides .
The सोमेश्वर at सोमेश्वर and the पंचलिंगुला at पंचलिंगुला also belong to this order .
This type of rekha - प्रासाद soon fell out of vogue in this area and could not extend further south into the Tamil zone .
The Kerala temples as in Kerala constituted a class by themselves which included timber to the construction stage as was the case everywhere in south India before the advent of the stone vimana .
While the adhishthana of the vimana or the srikoyil is of cut - out stone bays the whole of its parts resemble the parts of the adhishthana of the southern temple the खदान walls are generally Recent cut out from the खदान and mining .
Because of their सतह and under - surface the walls are heavily plastered and the few decorations are picked out in stucco .
The roof बल्लियां rest directly on the wall plate over the walls and converge in gable form to meet at the top .
The conical or ढलवां main roof is joined by a शंकु or a nasal तोरण called locally तोरण with a fine शंकु torana front with a fine शंकु torana front with at least the front face .
The local name . ( parrot entrance ) is suggestive of the name .
The stone stairs would have a step in front of the entrance with a large stone - like stone - शिल्पांकन with elaborate relief sculpture sculptures on which the हाथी or हाथी are again interesting in shape or form of the elephant .
The pranala or water - outlet projected from the northern side is of a characteristic हाथी thick , long cylindrical and tube - like हाथी with a narrow tube - like हाथी corresponding to the direct trunk of an elephant emerging out of a vyala mouth .
Externally it is often बीच and divided into ringed nodes at intervals and supported below by ' भूत ' or गण .
In the Sri मंडप there is a distinct agra - mandapa often square with a slopy roof called the मंडप - mandapa .
Externally the quadrangular open court is surrounded by a prakara with a cloister or malika locally called होता or घिरा .
The outermost arrangement consists of the main gopura or या on the other side and sometimes an additional gopura entrance on the rear and sides .
Besides the simple prakara of the inner prakara the outer prakara wall on the four sides of the larger temple complex at केरल is built on the outer prakara with a gopura entrance on all sides and a separate mandapa in the courtyard like the Opera the ऑपेरा .
In the अर्धवृत्ताकार temple the subsidiary shrine for the speedy छत at the north - east corner of the outer court is apsidal with a roof of wood and metal sheet .
Most of the temples now in Kerala are not very old ; the earliest medieval or post - medieval .
The earliest temples have been destroyed by the mortal material for the construction ; only the idols of their stone adhishthana and deities पाषाण dvarapalas etc .
These give us an idea of the continuity from at least the tenth century AD if not earlier .
Such temples with prominent slopy or pent roofs or मानसून - roofs on मानसून are to be found extensively distributed over the littoral from Kanyakumari in the south to the south coast and Goa .
Their srikoyil or vimana plans include the circular विमान - LRB - more frequent - RRB - the elliptical the square the oblong and the apsidal श्रीकोयिल - LRB - विमान - RRB - and they often have more than one storeyed .
The भीतर storey over the inner wall is a circular . octagonal and square structure carrying a भीतर conical or four - sided kuta roof covered with a row of छत sala or सभा or अर्धवृत्ताकार structures with a row of apsidal structures .
The adhishthana is invariably of granitic stone while the walls and superstructure may be of granite होता or brick and timber .
The roof is made of planks metal sheet or tiles or even thatch in extremely humble structures .
It is suited to the regional जलवायुगत requirements and the deep slope of the sides and rows of the भुजाओं takes out not only hastened the water of heavy rains but also the carving of stucco or wood sculpture painting on the walls of the tala and the walls below .
The central portion of the इदई drain that occurs just before the doorway of the श्रीकोयिल and the outer doorway of the srikoyil makes on a practical scheme the ardha - mandapa part with the main srikoyil superstructure a frontal projection of the superstructure .
It may be a single flight of steps providing direct जाने to the front door .
Or बाजुओं often is a landing stage in front of the doorway with flights of steps on either side .
Perhaps the largest complex in this series of temples is the शहर or the Sri की Mandir or the Sri शहर temple located in a low - lying hill अतंरीप in the central town of केरल which is almost in central Kerala .
It is known from its inscriptions that the temple is in existence from the twelfth century though its foundations are much older .
It is perhaps the smallest apsidal structure in the Kerala mode of construction .
In the north - west corner of the outer court is the large प्रागंण or opera - hall rectangular in shape and built in typical Kerala style .
Inside the central pavilion inside the sanctum the carving pillars of a multi - lathe hall cut pillars and the inner ceiling add to the splendour of the structure .
The whole complex is surrounded by a massive stone prakara with four - storeyed gateways on the four cardinal sides with slopy gable roofs standing as good examples of gopura construction in the Kerala style .
Another large and important temple complex in the south of Kerala is the त्रिवेंद्रम or Anantasayin temple in Trivandrum which was wholly reconstructed in the last two centuries.
The stone - built central shrine is appropriately oblong on plan to enshrine the reclining form of Anantasayin Vishnu .
It is two - storeyed with pent and gable roof patterns for its storeys .
The walls are painted and there are subsidiary shrines for deities like Krishna , , , षष्ठ Narasimha षष्ठ Garuda etc .
Its stone sculptures are of a fine quality as also the wood - carving on the ceiling of the पाषाण - mandapa .
The Rama temple of केरल in north Kerala is unique in having a rectangular srikoyil with a linear orientation that is with the entrance on one of the shorter sides of the oblong structure .
The front offset at the front leads to a almost vertical ascent while the two long arms of the forearm and the shorter arm of the rear are the slopy roof on the top with a gable roof on which there is a linear multi - faceted series .
In front there is a mukha - mandapa also oblong but with its long axis transverse to that of the srikoyil and provided with stupis over its transversely - oriented axis .
All around there is a ऊंचाई of a lesser height .
The lower pent roof is extended forward as the छत with a front triangular gable face over the नाली nali or linear antarala - mandapa in front of which is an independent शुकनासा - mandapa .
The विष्णु Vishnu temple also belongs to this class .
The roofs are made of metal से and the four - sided pyramidal हैं have four साने nasikas and single metal gold - gilt stupis on top.
The Rama temple at राम has a circular श्रीकोयिल ekatala srikoyil and is noted for its ancient wood - carvings.
The दीवारों - mandapa has profuse wood - carvings while the wall of the shrine has interesting mural paintings .
The srikoyil at Vaikom is similar circular and ekatala with a large स्तूपी conical copper - sheet roofing and a stupi .
The Siva temple at नटराज has a simple ekatala srikoyil and is noted for its paintings के - LRB - नटराज - RRB - particularly for Nataraja .
The pent roof covering the storey below and the apsidal छत roof above with a gable front has a row of three stupis on top.
After a prolonged fight when the British regained control of Delhi Bahadur Shah went into a संघर्ष place .
After his arrest he was brought to the Red Fort by Lt. William किले which could be tried against all established rules of national and international law established under Section 14 of 1857 .
This European military commission was constituted at the instance of the Chief Commissioner of the Punjab Sir John Lawrence ' s instructions led by Major General C . B . C . बंदियों to prosecute the prisoners who were brought to Delhi in their entirety .
The prosecutor for the government was the Deputy Judge Advocate General J . एडवोकेट .
On the 27th January 1858 at 11 o 'clock in the morning the same अदालत Red Fort proceeded with the court where Bahadur Shah himself sat as the Emperor of the Deccan .
Many officers suggested to prosecute the capital of the British in India but when Delhi was chosen for its purpose it was because the dream of the British Raj was to cast away thousands of its hopes on it .
The 82 - year - old Emperor was made to stand for about one and half an hour outside the Diwan - a - बंदी where the Europeans continued to shout दर्शक and shouted at him .
At last the clock struck instead of about twelve and brought him in .
After a great deal of effort and pressure he replied " not only " .
The trial continued from 27th January 1858 to 31st March 1858 .
About 18 supposed eye - witnesses were examined ; most of them were salaried agents and about 200 contemporary papers of material relating to the Revolt of 1857 .
On the 20th day of the proceedings i . e . on 9th March 1858 the court कार्यवाही and prisoner Bahadur Shah Zafar was brought to the court in the care of Ghulam Abbas .
The Judge Advocate read the translation of the prisoner ' s defence before the Commission .
In his defence Bahadur Shah made no reference to his powers as the sovereign ruler in the war of International Law nor to the द्वारा of the commission ' s only argument which he disapproved of .
This was the first trial of the Britishers which established British domination and culminated in the I. N. A. trial which followed the end of British rule in India .
This ignominious trial also brought to an end both the Mughal Empire in India and the East India Company .
Surendranath Banerjea - : - on 10th November 1848
He had a school - boy student in the इंस्टीट्यूशन Institution " who mainly had Anglo - Indian students .
He graduated from the Calcutta University in 1868 and proceeded to England along with Romesh Chunder Dutt and Bihari Lal Gupta to compete in the prestigious Indian Civil Service .
He passed the competitive examination in 1869 .
There was some controversy about his correct age ; for which he was ठहरा the court decided in favour of him .
He returned to India in 1871 and was posted to Sylhet as Assistant Judge .
Mr . न्यायाधीश the judge did not like his Indian helper and took advantage of a legal mistake and made a formal complaint to the government against Surendra Nath Banerjea he found guilty and promptly dismissed from job .
Surendra Nath proceeded to England and appealed to the Indian Office .
He had the satisfaction of " the actual fact that the partition of Bengal had been तथ्य by Lord लार्ड .
1906 was the climax of his political career .
He was a member of the Calcutta Municipality ( 1876 - 99 ) but he resigned as a protest against Lord Curzon ' s policy of destroying its popular character.
He was also a member of the Indian Legislative Council .
Thanks to his progressive ideas he advocated widow remarriage and raising the marriageable age .
Surendra Nath Banerjea was a period when Surendranath Banerjea was known as the General of India .
He was a distinguished orator both in English and Bengali and was compared to कलकत्ता of Greece and to कलकत्ता of Rome. Surendra Nath was born in Calcutta in 1848 .
He had a brilliant academic career and had so easily passed the Indian Civil Service Competition which was very difficult and attractive .
But he was dismissed from service and he joined the Indian struggle for freedom .
In the year 1883 this was too much to swallow and the English judges could not restrain themselves .
On 3 May 1883 Surendranath Banerjee and के ' ( the publisher and अदालत - LRB - the publisher of the Bengali बंगाली - RRB - a notice was issued to the High Court for contempt of the court and he was ordered to say on 4 May 1883.
The notice asked why they should not be sent to the jails for writing and printing articles containing contemptuous and defamatory matter के or मानहानि .
They were asked to file their affidavits and replies immediately .
ने . in his affidavit disowned all responsibility and threw the entire blame on Surendra Nath.
He said that he had nothing to do with the content of the paper nor was he entitled to take decision to print or not to print any article which he did not understand the meaning of the English language .
He added that if the said article contained निंदापूर्ण and humiliating things he had no idea about it and that he should ask for his consideration for it so far as he was concerned for publication and printer .
In a affidavit issued to the notice of one night he wrote :
Surendra Nath Banerjea remained in jail for two months but the case created a storm and his name became a household word in the country .
Public reaction was swift and intense.
Shops were closed and business was suspended in Calcutta on the day .
The practice of holding open - air meetings began as there were not enough room for the crowd to face the protest meetings .
Hindus were especially enraged because a Hindu idol had been brought into court .
Justice Norris had played a prominent part unbecoming his position in the Albert Bill controversy .
In the last years of his life Banerjee wrote in a book titled " The Nation " A Nation " The creation of a nation " has never seen the resurgence of self - existing ideology except the modification of the Bengal Act .
Public meetings of sympathy for me and of protest against the judgment of the High Court were held in every city .
The feeling of opposition was so widespread that in some cases even government servants took part in them and suffered for it .
In 1907 he urged the extremist faction in the Congress party to adopt a more effective method than simply offering their grievances .
Tilak and his associates Bipin Pal and Lala Lajpat Rai refused to accept the goal of the Indian National Congress viz . the establishment of a responsible government in India of the type prevalent in the British Empire .
On the contrary he demanded complete freedom and independence from British domination .
Because of his differences with the moderates of the Indian National Congress Tilak established the Home Rule League in 1916 .
He was not satisfied with the Government of India Act 1919 but had as it was approved of तिलक Tilak died in August 1920 and the declaration of complete independence by the Indian National Congress at its Nagpur session in December 1920 .
Nevertheless he was निंदा by Sir Valentine . in his book 'Indian इऋर and went to England in 1918 to sue the latter but the court gave an adverse decision .
Tilak ' s two works ' Gita Rahasya 'and The तिलक ( researches into the antiquity of the Vedas are monuments to his erudition and scholarship .
Tilak had played a major role in persuading Ma - अफ्रीका Gandhi to come to India from South Africa and even Mahatma Gandhi was deeply impressed by his political philosophy .
It is not possible to judge the historical importance and political consequences of Lokmanya Bal Gangadhar Tilak ' s trials in 1905 and 1908 .
Tilak was punished for the crime of patriotism .
He was sentenced for the crime of wanting in his life or even for his own country .
Ladies and gentlemen the verdict that our contemporaries pass on us ; our times the decision we निर्णय does not matter much .
What is valuable is the inevitable decision of history and the inevitable conclusion of history that both these convictions दबाने by देशप्रेम the voice of freedom and patriotism Lokmanya Tilak did his right to fight for his country .
These two convictions have gone astray in the dark of history and Tilak ' s reputation and lustre has grown with passing through time . "
Tilak was tried three times in 1897 : first to try to print an article under Section 124 - A of the Indian Penal Code for which he was sentenced to 18 months' rigorous imprisonment .
He applied leave to the High Court for appeal to Privy Council but leave was denied to him .
The यूरोपीय Judge however तर्कों all these legal arguments and decided that the trial would start on 13th July 1908 with the help of a special jury of Europeans and Anglo - Indians .
So the outcome was known before the trial began .
The Tai Maharaj case earlier a personal case in Poona had drained all his financial resources .
Fear was haunting him . "
The trial started on 13th July 1908 in the Central Hall of the Bombay High Court building .
Every person entering the said room of the court had to face severe security test .
On the other side of Tilak were occupied by तिलक तिलक बप्तिस्ता Baptista Kelkar Bodas and other eminent lawyers occupied the seats to watch the proceedings and assist Tilak .
On the other hand the Advocate General Mr श्री - एडवोकेट . - on - the - spot Mr अभियोक्ता - सरकारी and Mr सरकारी the public prosecutor accepted his position .
The gist of the article 'These Remedies are not नहीं published on 9th June was given to the court and jury .
He said that though the writer repudiated all sympathy with the throwing of bombs and murders committed with the purpose of weakening and सत्ता British rule it was very particular about bomb - throwing .
It was stated that though the government can enforce the ' Rowlatt Act ' the bomb is easily manufactured as they do not seem to be more chemical .
ब्रिटिश said that the article was inspired by the same ideology that the British Raj was a bane to the country and that if it continued to do so the government would have to go ahead with things like Russia .
As regards the allegations under Section 153 A the prosecution submitted that the accused frequently alluded in his articles in the Kesari to alien rule " .
He alleged that it was intended by these references to " the Europeans to " create racial feelings among the accused the Europeans and the natives .
He concluded that there were three charges which would claim attention of the court and the jury .
The witnesses for the अभियोक्ता Vishnu Joshi जगन्नाथ Jagannath से and Inspector इंस्पेक्टर - were examined by Mr श्री Bar - at - Law .
Prosecution witness Bhaskar Joshi assistant to the oriental translator and Inspector तिलक who had carried out the search of the Kesari office at Tilak ' s residence in Poona were visibly shaken by the cross - examination .
While cross - examining Joshi Tilak proved that the translations before the court were defective and had perverted the sense of the original articles to give a distorted view .
While cross - examining Inspector तिलक Tilak made him admit that the original search - warrant was not for his residence and that he did not know when the interpolation to search his residence was made .
In his written submission to the court Tilak gave the correct English translation of more than a dozen words to show .
Oppression tyranny and में are भ्रांतिजनक there and have a distinctly different meaning in writings on political .
I admit that the idioms of one language are not the same as those of another .
I would like to point out that the translator was not placed in the witness - box but someone else was asked to साक्ष्य the translations .
There is of course an official translation and the interpretation of his verses can be inferred from that but some particular passages which were pointed out as wrong should have been raised in the dock of witnesses .
The charge is not based on the Marathi original essay but on translation whereas it should have been based on the original Marathi article . .
It may be said that the defence has not produced its translation .
Tilak 's argument to counter the charge under Section 153 - A was novel and high .
" I can see on the one hand a great struggle between the people on the other and the people on the one hand and ask you to help us not just the person but the whole country .
I am on the wrong side of aging and it is only a matter of a few years for me - but future generations will look to your verdict and see whether you have judged wrong or wrong .
This would be a momentous decision in the history of the freedom of Indian journalism .
If at least one of you would come forward and say that I was right it would be a matter of satisfaction for I know that if the jury is not unanimous in England another trial takes place .
That rule may not be here but it will give me moral support and great satisfaction . "
He ended his speech in these words: I do not expect you to be allowed to agree with him .
I am prepared to stand by consequences of my action .
You may not agree with my views .
There are two charges under Sections 124 - A and one charge under 153 - A .
Consider each charge separately and give a different verdict on each one of the charges and I urge you to give me justice according to the unanimous decision if possible .
The case is very important to the accused .
The charges are very serious .
If you think he is guilty you must say so. But if you have any doubt and you have some rational and substantial reasons for the doubt the accused will be assured . "
The gloom hung over the entire court .
Tilak broke the silence and joked Let us enjoy pur last tea together . "
Seven out of the nine members held Tilak 'guilty' on all three counts while the remaining two held him innocent on all three counts .
His हिज asked Tilak Do you have to say anything before I pass my तिलक ?
It was then that Tilak with an inner spiritual courage uttered those immortal and prophetic words which are now enshrined at the entrance of the Central Hall of the Bombay High Court .
The great. man ' s reply seemed to have totally Trials of Independence निर्वासन Justice Davar for he went on to say rather निर्वासन that the sentence of six years of transportation and a fine of one thousand rupees which he had decided to pass would be निर्वासन . "
He is bursting with sedition ; he preached violence ; he speaks in support of हत्याओं ; he has not only had your support to the पाशविक and पाशविक deeds of learning from bomb explosions in India but he has welcomed them to India .
As I said it will be a diseased and perverted mind that can think that bombs are legitimate instruments in political action .
It will be a diseased mind that could ever think that the articles you wrote were articles that could have been legitimately written .
Your hatred for the ruling class has not disappeared over these ten years and these articles have been deliberately written week by week and not on the spur of the moment but on the account of the cruel and cowardly outrage that followed the unarmed Englishman .
You wrote about bombs as if they were legitimate instruments in political movements .
Such journalism is a curse to the country .
I feel sorry in दंड you .
I have considered with great interest the punishment which I have decided to punish you in the event of the verdict of the accused and which I consider was ' inappropriate ' .
I do not think in accordance with your duty and in accordance with your offence the punishment can be made less .
I feel that for a man of office and prestige you have the sentence will vindicate the law and meet the ends of justice .
You are liable to be transported for life under the first two counts .
” Give you the sentence of exile or a sentence of imprisonment I considered it and found that in view of your age and other circumstances it would be desirable for the country to live away with that which you would claim to have some love . "
Section 124 - A under the Section 124 - A gives me the right to transportation for life or any time and I pass you the sentence of transportation for the first two charges a sentence of three to three years ; निर्वासन i . e .
The Advocate General then made an application and withdrew the fourth charge against the accused under Section अभियुक्त .
For at least ten days the country ' s attention had been focused on the trial of Tilak .
The fear of future danger was lost for some time in the masterly defence which the eminent prisoner - in - dock made.
Newspapers commented: The present verdict we are afraid given by seven Europeans on a prosecution started by the government is not likely to be accepted as a judicial pronouncement of any value by the country at large .
The entire country would look upon it as if the prosecution had decided in its own case .
Coming to the sentence we wish Justice Davar had spared the accused the pain which he was inflicting upon him by trying to palliate the severity of the sentence which he was proposing to give by his sweet compliments to the ability of the accused .
Tilak required no letter from him .
His ability and influence are acknowledged by many of his worst enemies and even the English press to comment on his arrest and the action of the government . "
While the crowd waited outside in the cold and dark outside Tilak was quietly निकालकर away to the Bombay Railway Station where a special train was ready to transport him to prison .
Tilak ' s sentence shocked freedom fighters everywhere and Lenin called it " the despicable sentence passed on Indian revolutionaries like Tilak .
Foreign newspapers reported that the workers in Europe now had Asian comrades whose numbers will grow by leaps and bounds.
Sri Aurobindo ( 1872 - 1872 - 1872 Aurobindo Ghose ) was born on 15 August 1872 .
His father पिता Ghose ( 1845 - 1893 ) came of the well - known Ghose family of West Bengal .
When Aurobindo was seven years old अरविंद his father and his two elder brother इंग्लैंड इंग्लैंड and Manmohan were taken to England .
He had his early education in an English family .
When he joined the St. Paul ' s School in London as a scholar he had already learnt Latin and read on his own Shakespeare and the romantic poets .
He learnt French and Italian and Spanish to read Goethe Dante and Dante in the original language .
At the age of eleven he had begun writing poetry in Greek Latin ani English .
As a secretary to the Indian Majlis Cambridge University he made revolutionary speeches hinting at armed rebellion as the only way to India ' s freedom .
Though he had passed the Indian Civil Service Examination he did not join it and returned to India in 1893 with an appointment in the Baroda State Service .
He spent thirteen years in approaching the post of Acting Principal of the State College at Baroda .
He learnt Sanskrit drama and Sanskrit and acquired the knowledge of the epics the बांग्ला the Upanishads and Sanskrit literature; wrote poetry plays and essays in English .
He had returned to Calcutta as Principal of the newly formed National College ( now Jadavpur ) .
Aurobindo directed the revolutionary workers to utilise the partition for expanding their activities .
He directed नेशनलिस्टों to his policy and organisation and to start the famous daily अंग्रेजी and joined the English daily of Bipin Chandra Pal .
He published in the ” Bande Mataram का sequence of articles on' The Doctrine of Passive Resistance ' प्रतिरोध out the right method of execution of the nationalist programme of ' Swadeshi ' and ' boycott ' .
In August 1907 Aurobindo was arrested for certain articles published in the बंदे बंदे ' but the charge failed because it could not be proved that he was the editor of that letter .
In May 1908 he was arrested along with 38 other revolutionaries where he spent one year as a " क्रांतिकारियों " before release .
In jail he had the realisation of cosmic consciousness and he had the vision of Sri Krishna everywhere and he had the assurance of India' s freedom and of his release for the good of the world .
After his release in May 1909 Aurobindo resumed his mission adding that he wrote articles on the true significance of Indian nationalism in two newly - born " कर्मयोगी " English " and " बांग्ला " .
One evening in February 1910 he received information that his office would be searched the next day and he would be arrested .
Following his inner voice he left for Chandernagore and then for Pondicherry where he completely withdrew from all political activities and devoted himself entirely to literature and philosophy .
He received the assistance of an enlightened French फ्रांसिसी Paul Richard and his wife ( who later became famous as the Mother ) at Pondicherry on the eve of the First World War .
In 1926 Aurobindo retired into seclusion which was till his death in 1950 .
His trial of Sri Aurobindo Ghose and other colleagues was one of the अलीपुर of historical importance : it had taken place at a time when discontent in Bengal was at its highest level .
It was a trial of enlightened gentlemen belonging to the elite of the society .
' of the bomb explosion gun - हत्याओं and हत्याओं of British high - ranking deaths caused more concern to the people in the trial and the articles of लडाई and ' लडाई ' were more powerful .
From 1905 the political firmament was धुंधलका cloudy as the disillusionment in the intellectuals following was growing in the villages .
On 1st May 1908 Khudiram Bose was arrested at the खुदीराम Railway Station a few miles away from Muzaffarpur while Prafulla Chaki was arrested at the रेलवे Railway Station .
Chaki took out his revolver and shot himself .
A wave of shock and consternation shook India .
In May 1908 thirty - seven persons were arrested and trial by the British Government including Barindra Ghose his brother Aurobindo Ullaskar Dutt Hem Chandra Das Upendra Nath Das and others .
In the first phase the F. K . C . Biswas before the District Judge L . 1908 registered an FIR on 19th May 1908 .
In view of all these अभियुक्तों facts one of them charged with the safety of a secret body : . 150 143 / 143 of the Indian Penal Code ; Rs 121 - A . and under the code of automatic imprisonment .
Here are some extracts from his statement :
After passing my Entrance Examination I went to Dacca where my brother Manmohan Ghose was Professor I passed the first year of my undergraduate education .
With my friends Abinash Bhattacharya ( now under arrest ) and जेल Nath Dutta ( who are in jail ) I started the magazine जेल .
We managed it for one and a half years and handed it over to the present managers .
After that I took up the job in के .
From 1907 till now I have collected altogether fourteen and fifteen young men .
I educated the boys in religious books and politics .
We were always thinking of a revolution and wished to be ready for it so we were collecting weapons .
On the whole I took eleven रिवाल्वर four rifles and one gun.
Among those who joined our group were Ullaskar Dutt and I do n ' t remember exactly what they were but they were about the beginning of the year .
He said that he wanted to be useful by joining us and that he knows how to make explosives .
There is a small laboratory in his house which he uses without his father ' s knowledge .
I have never seen the laboratory ; he has just heard of it .
With his help we began to develop some explosive devices at the रोड of 32 रोड Road .
In the meantime one of our friends हेमचन्द्र in the district of Midnapur district should be considered to be his own.
Our party was divided on the propriety of disclosing these facts .
Some had to think that they would refuse everything and suffer the consequences that they might result but I compelled them to make a written and oral statement to Chaitanya ' मुकर्जी ' for we did not want the nation to be caught up .
On 23rd June 1905 Narendra नरेन्द्र was को and released .
The magistrate then charged the accused in two teams .
In the first batch he charged Barindra Ghose under Sections 121 121 121 121 121 - A and 123 of the Indian Penal Code and committed them to the Sessions Court .
L. परगना District Magistrate of 24 Parganas charged the accused who were tried with Aurobindo.
The third sentence was that you might have played an offence for one year before or about 15 May 1908 - LRB - रोड - RRB - including the युद्ध 32 - LRB - युद्ध Road - RRB - युद्ध - LRB - सम्राट - RRB - in Bengal - and shot at different locations against the Supreme Court - the Crown ' s - in which the Supreme Court - the Indian courts - RRB - in which the Indian courts - the Crown ' s - the Supreme Court ' s - the Indian law ' s -
" And I hereby direct that you be tried by the said court on the said charges .
The trial started on 19 October 1908 before the Additional Sessions Judge who charged the accused with the following charges .
I hereby charge you as :
That you fought one year before or around 15 May 1908 - LRB - मऋ 32 - RRB - . Road बंगाल - LRB - बंगाल - RRB - in Bengal against the King of India and thereby committed an offence under Section 121 of the Indian Penal Code .
That you tried to fight against His Majesty the King Emperor of India at many places in Bengal including मई - LRB - मई - RRB - one year before or about 15 May 1908 1908 and thereby under the provisions of the Indian Penal Code .
That you went through the Code of Sessions one year before or about 15 May 1908 including युद्ध 32 युद्ध Road बंगाल बंगाल बंगाल in Bengal to fight against His Majesty the King of India and to the Indian High Courts and the Indian Penal Code .
That you had passed one year before or about 15 May 1908 . 32 दंड Road बंगाल etc . along with you at different places and stood there under Sections 121 - A of the Indian Penal Code and all other people guilty .
That you entered into the fray one year before or about 1908 32 रोड Road बंगाल बंगाल etc . along with many places in Bengal and acted under the Code of ब्रिटिश for Emperor India and one part thereof .
" Sixth One year before or about 15 May 1908 you performed the conspiracy of the Indian Government including the व्यक्तियों 32 बंगाल Road बंगाल बंगाल in West Bengal and the व्यक्तियों Code of सेशन with others .
Das was inspired to play his part in an opportunity to defend a great sage .
The evidence against Aurobindo mostly consisted of his letters to his wife and speeches and articles .
Das tried to establish that Sri Aurobindo was a deeply religious and God - inspired Vedantist whose patriotism and love for his countrymen were the basis of his politics .
Commenting on the " वाम भारत " which was based on the question of the spread of the left - wing throughout India he said :
The first great ideal which he sets out in this letter is that he is only a trustee of all his property .
It is his duty to spend as little as possible for himself for the purpose that he may continue to live and to give the rest to God .
How ?
By doing God ' s work : by feeding those who are hungry and by assisting those who are in need of it .
Only then and then can you repay God ' s debt .
They are not their personal interests and they are determined to survive .
He wants only as much as he is necessary for his sustenance as he will give the rest to God .
The only way to do that is by way of charity by feeding the hungry and by rendering assistance to the needy .
What the great ideal he has pointed out is the faith of his mind that it is possible to see God not to be real but to see God in his own mind God .
There is one more thing and he will say that the letter contains a covert reference to the spiritual guide .
" Because you know that when a Hindu surrenders to a spiritual guide he does not call his master ' s name or the fact that he has done it .
He cannot even tell his wife if he does not permit him .
( The Supreme Court rules ( विद्यामान ) and that if one is given the rules of conduct - LRB - which he may be able to feel God in him - RRB - he shapes his life according to these rules .
" Then he comes to his third ideal .
Here he lays the basis of his patriotism.
Unless you realise that the whole world is a manifestation of the universal Being and unless you realise in yourself that this world that you look all around you the world and this country which is the manifestation of the Universal Spirit .
They are unreal as long as you do not realise the बीच association the connection between them .
But when you realise that they are not separated from God but are parts and manifestations of divinity that very moment they cease to be unreal and become real.
Das referred to the evidence of several other witnesses commented on them and while summing up said " I must thank Your Honour and gentlemen assessors for your very kind and patient hearing me in this case .
My only wish was that it would have been someone else ' s duty to appear the case before the court but since it was my responsibility that I made every effort to सुसम्बद्ध all the evidence of this case before the court .
A few days later he was brought to the Yervada jail in Poona. Mr Joseph Baptista his counsel who had already received all the papers from the London solicitor Mr बप्तिस्ता interviewed him on 13th September 1910 .
The Government of India afraid of trying Savarkar before a regular court of law appointed a Special Tribunal under the special Act to try the case without a jury denying him the right of appeal .
The Tribunal was composed of the Chief Justice of Bombay Sir स्कॉट Scott स्कॉट Sir N. K . स्कॉट and Mr Justice स्कॉट .
The counsel for the prosecution comprised Mr श्री the Advocate General Bombay Mr के सरकारी Sir बंबई and Mr Ni - सरकारी the public prosecutor .
The famous rebels in defence were Mr Joseph Baptista Sri बप्तिस्ता Sri Govin - बप्तिस्ता Gadgil and Sri गोविन्दराव .
This Special Tribunal was constituted to try three cases against Savarkar .
The first case involved thirty - eight accused men including Savarkar the second involved Savarkar and Gopalrao सावरकर who were both co - accused in the first case as well and the third case was against Savarkar .
They were tried under eight different charges .
हाथों काशीनाथ काशीनाथ . . Joshi काशीनाथ . C . R . Kulkarni and इंडिया the cook of the India House with whom Savarkar was alleged to have sent twenty Browning pistols to India were named सरकारी government witnesses .
The chief prosecution counsel Mr अभियोक्ता made the opening speech for the prosecution which occupied the first day .
The court declared that Savarkar ' s illegal arrest at Marseilles did not in any manner affect the powers of the Indian law courts to try .
About three hundred witnesses were examined and a number of documents were filed .
Majority of the witnesses complained to the court that they had given their statements before the magistrate under torture or for saving their relations from harassment at the hands of the police and they should not be taken as authentic .
After the evidence of witnesses was recorded the Chief Justice asked Savarkar to have his case .
The undaunted Savarkar said :
I am quite innocent of the charges levelled against me .
I took part in the proceedings of the trial in England where courts were established by democratic rules sanctioned by the people .
In such courts one can expect justice .
The position in Indian languages is in contrast .
I am not subordinate to the jurisdiction of the Indian Courts but I decline to make any statement or to produce evidence for my defence . "
The Advocate General made a long speech which lasted for a week .
Though Savarkar ' s name was last in the list of the accused he began with Savarkar .
The defence counsel also took a little more than a week to complete their arguments on behalf of the several accused .
After sixty - eight days of protracted trial on Saturday the 23rd December 1910 the judges took their seats amid pin - drop silence to deliver the court .
The Chief Justice began to deliver sentences starting with Savarkar .
दामोदर Damodar Savarkar the sentence of the court upon you is transportation for life and forfeiture of all your property . "
The decision was ex parte and arbitrary solely on the पक्ष evidence of the prosecution .
The legality of his arrest on the French soil did not bother the Tribunal.
Even in this trial Savarkar maintained his न्यायाधिकार stand and refused to submit to its jurisdiction as it would have prejudiced his case in the international court .
The second trial opened on 23rd January 1911 .
After the Advocate General 's summing up Savarkar was कठघरे from the dock of the Bar to have his say.
Savarkar reiterated his innocence and said that he had no direct or indirect connection with the crime .
He asked the court to consider that the so - called partnership was brought before the Tribunal the only proof that राव was " पर्चे ' a copy of the leaflet ' मातरम ' was found in लंदन ' s case even murder .
As for the pistol which was used in killing Jackson it was हत्या contended that there was no sufficient proof that Savarkar was the person who entrusted twenty Browning pistols with one of which Jackson was killed .
Notwithstanding vague contradictory and inconsistent evidence of the सरकारी on 30th January 1911 the Tribunal sentenced Savarkar to another transportation for life .
Savarkar then rose and said these memorable words .
" I am prepared to face the दंड penalty given by your laws without hatred because I believe that mere sacrifice and suffering will ensure our dear motherland will not march on the way of victory . "
Two life - long sentence for a man is exceptional though he thinks that the foreign power is rules.
These conditions were :
That Savarkar would have to remain in the Ratnagiri district and would not have to seek the permission of the government to leave the limits of the district .
Proceedings Before the Permanent Court of International Arbitration There was strong adverse criticism in the British and French press on Savarkar ' s alleged involvement in the ब्रिटिश Land .
The French Government demanded the return of Savarkar .
Sir Edward Gray the Foreign Secretary of the British Government was compelled to sign an agreement with the Ambassador M . Paul ब्रिटिश of the French Republic to refer the Savarkar case to the international court .
The point of the view was that if a criminal escape from one person to another takes possession of the territory of another and without completing the details of alleged पुलिस the matter could be returned to the local government by the local police asking for the charge .
The Hague International Tribunal was composed of M . Graham an Ex - Minister of Norway and Mr हॉलैंड हॉलैंड a member of the Second Chamber .
M . Louis न्याय was an eminent juris विधिवेत्ता an authority on International Law a permanent member of the Nobel Prize winner and the Hague Tribunal .
My public life began in 1893 in South Africa in troubled times .
My first contact with the British authority in that country was not happy .
I realised that I had no rights as a man and an Indian ; it would be more correct to say that I felt that I had no rights as a man because I was an Indian . "
After tracing the sequence of events tie continued: In fact I believe that I have made a service to India and England ; every reason why through non - co - operation the way out is the way we are living .
In my humble opinion non - co - operation with evil is as necessary as the co - operation with good .
I want to teach my countrymen that हिंसा non - co - operation only increases evil and that an evil can only be sustained by violence .
So for your act of doing so I am guilty of the law deliberately committed to the public and I must gladly declare to you the highest obligation of a citizen by which you must resign and declare your duty to you a person who is pure .
The judge and the Advocate General the military office and the political leaders all alike strained their ears and were all attention .
Gandhiji took fifteen minutes to read it .
As he went on reading it one could perceive the changing atmosphere of the room every now .
Who else could have performed his duty better .
To combine the dignity of his position with the courtesy due to the great prisoner before him was no easy task .
He could not find words at the end of his judgement and was jailed for six years .
He said " Mr Gandhi you have made my task easy by pleading guilty .
Nevertheless the rest of the work that is still unnecessary or दंड is such a difficult proposition as any judge in this country could have faced .
Legislation does not prejudice people ; yet it is not possible to ignore the fact that you are likely to try any of the people I have tried or am against them in a different category .
It would be impossible to ignore the fact that in the eyes of millions of your countrymen you are a great patriot and a great leader .
Even those who differ from you in politics look upon you as a man of high ideals and of noble and high .
The judge then addressed the Banker : " I think you were to a great extent under your influence .
I propose to pass upon you the simple imprisonment of six months on each of the first two counts that is one year ' s imprisonment and a fine of one thousand rupees on the third count against six months' simple imprisonment . "
To which Gandhi replied: " I would say one thing .
Since you have done me the honour of recalling the trial of the late Lokmanya Bal Gangadhar Tilak I just want to say that I feel the honour and honour to join his name .
As far as punishment is concerned I certainly think that the punishment I could not give me any judge so far as the entire proceeding is concerned I must say that I could not expect more from the etiquette .
A minute passed after the pronouncement .
He got up bowed and बाहर .
I can now see that the lowly Jesus of Nazareth में in a manger furnished the only parallel in history to this invincible apostle of Indian liberty who loved humanity with surpassing compassion and to use his beautiful words the mind of the poor .
The most epic event of the modern times ended .
It started on 15 March 1929 and ended almost four years later .
The case was conducted on a very wide scale .
The evidence consisted of 25 printed volumes of folio size .
Altogether the prosecution exhibits over 1 500 defence exhibits and no less than 20 witnesses were examined.
The judgment itself was printed in two volumes covering 676 pages of folio size .
This historical trial lasted for four and a half years and involved almost the entire leadership of the communist and trade union movements all over the country .
During the entire period of the trial most of the accused were refused bail and despite several attempts by the defendants a trial by jury was denied on flimsy grounds .
The Meerut conspiracy case exposed the true face of British imperialism against organised opposition or dissent which had challenged the political and economic superiority of the established order .
In fact it was a determined effort to crush the organised labour movement and Marxist influence in India as all the major industries and operations were dominated by the British .
The period 1928 - 1929 was significant in Indian history for it was the beginning of an organised left - wing movement ( all economic and political components ) .
The organisation of trade unions enabled the workers to express their grievances and strive for better working conditions .
Though the Communist Party of India had been active for some time in India the movement could not gain any significance till 1927 .
It was only after 1927 - 29 that during the 1929 - 29 the communists made considerable headway in their efforts to infiltrate the trade unions and the labour organisation and to win over the youth force and a powerful section of the nationalist elite.
Even some British citizens were contributing their active part in the movement .
Soon the British Government became alarmed and undertook a series of legislative and administrative steps to nip the movement in the bud.
The most important and repressive measures were the वामपंथी of launching a mass conspiracy case against the prominent left - wing trade leaders which greatly impressed the future of the Communist Party of India and the entire left movement of the country .
The Government of India was in continuous correspondence with the British Government in England and was taking instructions to adopt legislative and punitive practices .
Like the trials of Savarkar तिलक Tilak and Mahatma Gandhi the trials of Bhagat Singh and his comrades have found a place in the history of India ' s liberation .
Here the might of the Raj could not dim the spirit and courage of the freedom fighters who faced the sentence of death with a smile on their faces.
During the trial of Bhagat Singh all established rules and procedures were made to the tune of the सजाएं while charging the सजाएं sentences a totally new arbitrary method .
It is not possible here to give full account of the exceptional daring of Bhagat Singh and his companions - LRB - भगत - RRB - of the revolutionary activities involved in the murder of Bhagat Singh and his others in the Central Prison .
It was a period of unrest in the country with large sections of the population demanding freedom from British political oppression and economic exploitation .
To assuage the feelings of Indians Sir Simon with his team came to India in 1928 .
As this commission did not represent India on its behalf Gandhiji called for its boycott .
Punjab led by Lala Lajpat Rai and on 30 October 1928 a peaceful procession was taken out for the साइमन Simon Go back on the streets of Lahore " India under the banner of लाला लाला slogans .
This procession was led by Lala Lajpat Rai and Sardar .
Suddenly without any provocation or warning lathi - blows began raining on the public at the orders of the Deputy Superintendent of Police Mr Scott and Assistant Superintendent of Police .
There was strict security in the outer jail compound .
Mr Asaf Ali a leading young lawyer from Delhi appeared for the defence while the Crown was represented by the government advocate R . B . Suraj Narayan .
The magistrate was Mr . B . Pool a British judge .
Besides the counsel and the press representatives Mrs Asaf Ali किशन Shri Kishan Singh ( Bhagat Singh ' s father ) किशन Bhagat Singh ' s mother and his wife and two training magistrates were also present there .
Bhagat Singh and Dutt of B were brought into the court at eight minutes past ten .
Entering the court Bhagat Singh shouted in a thunderous voice 'Long Live the अदालत and B . Dutt shouted साम्राज्यवाद ' .
These slogans created a stir .
The court recorded the shouts and ordered the police to exercise force in both the hands of each of the accused .
" A newspaper " reporter writes .
After the prosecution witnesses had been examined Bhagat Singh and B K . Dutt were asked to give their statements which both of them refused to give .
" On 8th April 1929 you were present in the Assembly ?
Similarly B . Dutt too answered the court ' s questions and declined to make a statement .
The court then heard the defence counsel who made a masterly speech for about forty minutes putting forward his arguments .
Having heard the pleas of the defence the court dealt with both the accused under Section 121 - A of the Indian Penal Code and the alleged attempt to kill them under Section three of the Explosive Substances Act .
” Punishment can be regarded as प्रतिशोधात्मक की preventive or preventive .
In this case both the accused appear to have been completely callous as to what might suffer their acts might have resulted in the death of not only one but of several persons who had offered them no form of provocation and who were not even acquainted with their existence .
The accused have said that they regard human life as " sacred " .
Their allegation is खारिज by their actions .
Their attitude throughout has been that their acts are justifiable and justified.
He showed that he did not commit this crime to a transient impulse but made a deliberate plan .
With such an attitude as to what he has done once he may attempt to do again .
Thus from the preventive point of view their offences demand severe punishment .
A criminal mind may appear to be exemplary : therefore from the deterrent point of view the offences demand severe punishment .
The accused are young men and they did all these and were prepared for the complicated things .
At times they even refused to attend the court and had to be forcibly taken there .
This created grave legal and procedural difficulties as the accused were being tried for murder and the proceedings could not be conducted in his absence .
The Punjab Government asked for help from the Government of India in order to overcome these problems especially to get rid of their presence in the court .
The Government of India promulgated an Ordinance on May 1 1992 .
The ordinance entrusted the trial of the trial to a Special Tribunal like the one which tried the मुकदमे during the First World War to be constituted by the High Court Judges of the High Court of Lahore under the Chairmanship of the High Court .
The Tribunal was invested with special powers to deal with wilful obstacle .
It suggested that all cases pending in the court of Rai Sahib Pandit Sri Kishan first - class magistrate of Lahore against any of the 24 persons would be tried by the Tribunal to be constituted under Section 4 .
The Chief Justice of the High Court would constitute a Tribunal for the above cases consisting of three persons who at that time were judges of the High Court .
The Chief Justice of the High Court shall consist of the chairman and the tribunal shall be entitled to make a legally authorised punishment for any offence committed by him .
Even if death sentence was passed he would not need the approval of the High Court as provided in the Code of Criminal Procedure .
If one of the accused deliberately सामने before the Tribunal or is engaged in the conduct of his muscle or any subsequent उपद्रवी of the case the accused shows his उपद्रवी and उपद्रवी conduct in that case even at any stage .
The decision of the Tribunal was final and conclusive and no order or sentence of the court could be appealed under the provisions of the Nyaya Code or the other judicial law existing or if anything of any authority.
Not only that the High Court had no right to reconsider any such order or sentence or to transfer the case further from the Tribunal to such a law or order or to take any further action relating to the ordinance .
This was an extraordinary procedure and the result was a foregone conclusion .
The Lahore conspiracy trial was held in Poonch House at Lahore and the Special Tribunal started functioning on 5th May 1930 with Mr Justice J . हैदर as Judge and Mr Justice Agha Haider and Mr Justice C . आगा .
The proceedings started at 11 p . m .
The revolutionaries were tried at two minutes past ten .
Contemporary records say that " he shouted revolutionary slogans for some time and then for eight minutes a revolutionary song . "
As he did in his previous trial at Delhi in the Assembly bomb trial Bhagat Singh declined to have a legal counsel to defend himself because he firmly believed that the trial was a farce.
You know that in the political field my views are very different from you .
I have always been acting independently without having cared for your approval or dissent . "
As was known to everybody the भगत court found Bhagat Singh and his comrades guilty .
In the findings of the court there were three kinds of evidence against Bhagat Singh .
The judgment of the case was pronounced on October 7 1930 : " In this considered and cowardly murder his participation in the public and his position as a leading member of the conspiracy he is sentenced to be hanged by the neck till he dies .
The rest were sentenced to transportation for life .
They will not be satisfied with a puppet parliament at Delhi eventually set up by the dispensation of the sham at वेस्टमिंस्टर .
Nor will they recognise the sovereignty of the British Crown even if one day it will be exercised through an Indian Viceroy .
We will make our Constitution not at any Round Table Conference in London but here in India in the midst of the popular struggle for the assertion of our right to self - government .
The British Crown वंचित to deprive us of this inalienable right .
So the only way towards the establishment of a constitutional government in India is for the revolutionary war against the British emperor who had captured India ' s power .
He also separately dealt with imperialism - the national revolution agrarian revolution and the Communist International and communist parties .
It is a great pity he was not allowed to read his defence in the court .
If allowed it would have received wider publicity and attention all over the world was drawn to it .
The trial was concluded on 6th January 1932.
In his statement before the Sessions Court the appellant prays in aid the works of Hume and अपीलकर्ता which he claims are authorities for the proposition that if violence is permissible to try to overthrow a government .
The writings of Hume and Bentham are quite irrelevant to the present issue however weighty the opinion of these philosophers may be in academic matters .
Having decided to go beyond the stage of academic discussion it was necessary that the appellant should have regard not only to the attractive doctrines of political philosophers but to mundane matters of fact and provisions of the Indian Code .
" The court does not have any concern with the claims of the appellant or the justification of its political views but the court may give notice to the fact that it was of certain thought and conviction .
Having noted this that the appellant considered the power of the appellant as moral " it is not possible to put an innocent interpretation on his actions or to hold that he was engaged in peaceful legitimate political propaganda from 1921 to 1924 .
After considering all the evidence the judge held that M . N . Roy was convicted of the charge under Section 121 - A of the Indian Penal Code but however reduced their sentence to six years' imprisonment .
M. N. Roy was kept in prison after his arrest in 1931 .
He remained unwell in prison and practically in solitary confinement .
By the time the appeal was decided on 2nd May 1933 most of his friends had deserted him .
He had to prepare himself for further appeal to Privy Council .
All attempts were made to free him and papers were sent to Dr . बैरिस्टर in Germany who was to engage some barrister in London .
Sir Stafford Cripps agreed to look into the papers for filing the appeal to the Privy Council .
He suggested that it would be futile to expect some relief from the Privy Council .
He said that an unfavourable verdict of the Privy Council would not only cause harm to their case but might also make a harmful person in England .
However प्रिवी Roy was of the opinion that as far as India was concerned the situation would be hardly affected by an adverse decision of the Privy Council whereas a favourable verdict would be advantageous.
In his opinion the extension of the possible support to the British is a far - reaching possibility . But the immediate advantages of a favourable decision could not be counter - निष्प्रभाव . "
Although Roy wrote a number of letters to express his opinion he handed over the responsibility of taking the decision to the counsel in England a great deal of delay and no such appeal was lost in the case of the prosecution witnesses including the confirmation thereof .
Thus the trial ended with the judgment of the Allahabad High Court .
Thus closed the trial which had started with the arrest of N. B . Das Gupta . Usmani उस्मानी M . Ahmad and S . A . की .
There can be no two opinions that British rulers did their best to curb any organised movement whether communist or nationalist to overthrow the British Government in India as it threatened their capitalist interests .
Roy was an international figure a क्रांतिकारी a man of letters .
His defence speech was as celebrated as that of बचावनामा . in the ड्राइफ्स case .
His arguments and research were subsequently utilised in the cases of UP and Sheikh Abdullah .
It had only one aim - to launch a final attack on foreign rule in India and liberate the country .
After the bombing of Hiroshima in Japan in the middle of 1945 all resistance of the Axis powers broke.
The Japanese army surrendered and with it also the officers and soldiers of the Indian National Army .
On 18th August 1945 in an air crash Netaji died ; dedication to Japan and the death of Netaji changed the course of history .
Some were executed ; some were severely punished and most other officers and soldiers were brought to India .
The government wanted to treat them as देशद्रोहियों and punish them .
But after the end of the Soviet war the political situation in the country had changed considerably .
The British had already realised that they would have to go now and so they decided not to be treated as बागियों and बागियों by the Azad Hind फौज and the officers who were not बागियों on August 1945 .
At any time बागियों was not justified in treating them so बागियों but at that time when India is on the verge of change it would be a mistake to treat them like ordinary rebels perhaps with far - reaching consequences .
Subhas Chandra Bose thus decided that it would be wise to try and prove his guilt before the general public and the world at large.
He was advised to drop charges of sedition and the violation of oath of allegiance .
The Judge Advocate very fairly summed up the case of both the prosecution and the defence for the benefit of the court .
It was asserted that all the charges had been proved and the rules of International Law relating to war were not applicable to those officers who were officers of the Indian Army and were loyal to the king .
The defence proved the following facts as final :
On the basis of these facts the defence had claimed that in view of the circumstances under which the Provisional Government had been formed and worked it had the right to fight for the freedom of our country .
If such a government has the right to fight युद्ध a right which is recognised and acceptable to all countries then under the युद्ध law two free nations or two states can war on one another without engaging the same war of युद्ध .
The defence contended that modern International Law has recognised the right of subject races not at the moment independent to be so organised as to fight for their liberation .
In the event of the accused being found guilty on the charge of waging war the court was bound to sentence the accused either to transportation or to transportation for life; no lesser sentence was permissible under the law.
The sentence of the court on all three accused is transportation for life से and forfeiture of arrears of pay and allowances.
No finding or sentence by court martial is complete until confirmed.
The confirming officer in this case the Commander - in - Chief is satisfied with the findings of the court and he has therefore confirmed them in accordance with the evidence .
The confirming officer is however competent to mitigate commute or remit the sentences .
As has been stated in the papers : The policy of the Government of India in the future is that only such persons as accused are persons ; and every one who has been convicted and sentenced to a great deal to such acts as is highly सभ्य .
The Commander - in - Chief had decided that all the three accused should be treated alike in respect of the sentence and that the sentence of wearing the three accused should be withdrawn from their life sentence .
He however confirmed the sentence of नौकरी and forfeiture of arrears of pay and allowances since he sent off his allegiance to the State and fought against the State in all circumstances a most serious offence .
This principle must be followed by the stability of any government by establishing सरकार सरकार सरकार in the present or future .
It was even more difficult for the defence counsel to deal with such a Tribunal .
He had to explain the complex questions of international law in such a simple language that the judges before him were well informed of the war and the common knowledge .
To this end Shri Desai used his penetrating intellect and his persuasive eloquence .
No one who reads his speech for defence can fail to realise that it is an effort worthy of an enlightened and great lawyer .
This was the last trial of Indian patriots by the British government .
The first trial of Bahadur Shah Zafar was an example of British injustice the last an example of justice and impartiality .
Sheikh Muhammad Abdullah Sheikh Muhammad Abdullah was born on 5th December 1905 in श्रीनगर a suburb of Srinagar .
His father died a fortnight before his birth leaving behind a widow . six sons and two daughters .
The family was पश्मीना with a modest था shawl trade .
Sheikh Abdullah got his matriculation from the Government High School at Srinagar and in 1930 from the Aligarh Muslim University passed his M. Sc. in Physics .
Early life of Sheikh Abdullah was influenced by Islamic teachings and history through his धर्मपरायण religious mother and elder brother .
Poet Iqbal also made a great impression .
After entering politics he was impressed by the ideas of the Gandhi राजनीति Azad राजनीति Nehru and the AH brothers .
In 1930 Sheikh Abdullah organised the " Young - Man Muslim Association " to campaign for better representation of Muslims in government jobs .
Later he joined the Government High School Srinagar as a science teacher but continued his political activities for which he was soon dismissed.
He got the first political recognition and when he was included in a committee of seven prominent Kashmiri Muslims ( on 8th July 1931 ) a large crowd outside the court was shot by the police against the same incident .
Sheikh Abdullah was first arrested on 21st September 1931 .
He was elected president of the " Muslim Conference formed in October 1932 .
In early 1939 it was converted into the National Conference of which he remained the President till 1953 except for the years 1942 and 1944 .
In May 1946 he was sentenced to nine years' imprisonment to challenge the 'Quit India' कारावास movement and the right of the Maharaja on Kashmir .
After his release on 29th September 1947 he declared that the people alone and not the ruler could decide the future of his state .
Sheikh Abdullah mobilised popular resistance against the raiders and support for accession of the State to India .
On 31 October 1947 he was the President of the Emergency Administration and on 5th March 1948 made the Prime Minister of the state .
In June 1949 he joined the Constituent Assembly of India .
He was one of the signatories to the Constitution a misunderstanding between the Indian leaders and Sheikh Abdullah culminated in his dismissal and arrest on 9th August 1953 as he was suspected of seeking a थे from India .
He assumed the role of a mediator between India and Pakistan in their dispute over Kashmir but his attitude regarding Kashmir ' s association with India was extremely complicated .
His confused and contradictory pronouncements made him a suspect in Indian political circles as also among a large section of कश्मीरियों .
With Nehru ' s death on 27th May 1964 the process of negotiation came to an abrupt end .
Sheikh Abdullah was re - arrested on 8th May 1965 for his activities abroad and his alliance with the enemy enemies of India .
With his attractive high - profile कैद - full - length jail कैद bear the dignity of the martyrdom and निर्भीकता अब्दुल्ला : अब्दुल्ला and six feet high - डील Sheikh Abdullah was the highest राजनीतिक of Kashmir the राजनीतिक .
Sheikh Muhammad Abdullah A Sher ' s case ( 1946 ) where the law is not based on the will of the people he worships his aspirations .
Such law may be enforced for some time does not hold any moral validity .
Above all there is a law which represents the will of the people a tribunal of man ' s conscience not of the arbitrary will of the ruling class but of the rulers and the people .
The movement did not remain confined to British India but spread throughout the subcontinent including the princely states where the condition of the people was no better than that of the British .
The Indian National Congress was engaged chiefly in obtaining the freedom from the British rule in India while the movement for freedom from monarchical rule in princely States was being carried on .
The Amritsar Treaty was founded by the force of the Dogras under the Treaty of Amritsar signed in 1846 whereby the Britishers had sold Kashmir to Maharaja Gulab Singh for a paltry sum of Rs 50 lakhs .
Since then the Maharajas were ruling the people of Kashmir as their private property .
The freedom movement in Kashmir was started by Sheikh Muhammad Abdullah . Pandit अब्दुल्ला बजाज and others under the guidance of Mahatma Gandhi and Jawahar Lal Nehru and it had taken firm root .
After the end of the Second World War in 1946 when the Cabinet Mission headed by Lord अब्दुल्ला Lawrence came to India Sheikh Abdullah placed before it the problems of Kashmir and its people and their right to freedom and freedom .
He said :
As the Mission is presently re - सत्ता the relations of the Nawabs with the Supreme Being in respect of the Treaty अधिकारों we want to say that it was a very serious issue for us that our relations would have been re - examined by the British Empire which was worth 100 lakhs as against us in Kashmir a thousand years since the Indian Empire .
The then Governor of Kashmir resisted transfer but was finally reduced to subjection with the aid of the British .
Rapid industrialisation has led to deterioration in the quality of air .
The wide use of coal and fossil fuels in industry and petroleum fuel in motor vehicles has aggravated the air pollution problem.
Our atmosphere seems to be a waste - basket into which dust जहरीला fumes toxic gases and other pollutants are मिटटी फेंके .
In Russia a chemical manufacturing complex near Leo Tolstoy ' s former estate has been releasing chemical vapours and fumes into the air for years .
As a result oak and जंगल forests in this renowned tourist area are being destroyed .
India is not free from air pollution though our country has a lesser number of vehicles compared to the western ones .
Air pollution in our cities is rapidly increasing and there is no less danger than that of London or New York .
It is reported that about 25 per cent of the student population in Greater Calcutta is susceptible to tuberculosis largely due to increasing air pollution .
Water pollution too has increased with the growth of the population as well as that of the industry ( according to the latest Census the country ' s population is about 850 million which is expected to cross the billion mark by the end of the century .
Water pollution has acquired dangerous dimensions ever since sewage and industrial effluents are being disposed into the rivers .
The rivers once considered sacred are now turning murky and बदबूदार .
It is a pity that three quarters of our country ' s population is forced to drink dirty water not because of the waste water and industrial waste we see the threat to human life but of the many औद्योगिक of France .
The Indian coastline is not as absorbing as the sea beaches in other countries .
Inorganic में phosphates and पोटाश been applied in larger quantities .
These phosphates and nitrates concentrate in the mouths of lakes and rivers and lead to large - scale शैवाल in these sites leading to large - scale destruction of aquatic flora and fauna .
Besides fertilisers numerous उर्वरकों insecticides and herbicides are also used .
These substances are reported to contaminate both surface and ground water .
फ्लुओराइड on plants is sometimes seen resulting in excess of फ्लुओराइड ( फ्लुओराइड ) of फ्लुओराइड moisture and फ्लुओराइड to accumulate on leaves at times in the inner and outer layer of leaves .
The leaves of fruit - bearing plants like apple apricot apricot fig फ्लुओराइड fig फ्लुओराइड फ्लुओराइड फ्लुओराइड and other citrus fruits are damaged by the air .
ओजोन which contains ozone करके nitrates and other प्रकाश प्रकाश is reported to produce early maturity or senescence in plants .
Some tree leaves when exposed to the air full of ozone are marked on the upper surface of the leaves .
Ozone धब्बे is observed in grape citrus and tobacco plants .
Other gaseous pollutants also cause damage to plants .
Ammonia and hydrogen sulphide are also toxic to plants .
Studies on the effects of air pollution provide information on the chemical nature of air pollutants .
The day is not far when some plant species will be used as alarm signals of potential pollution effect on human health .
This ozone layer is of vital importance to the earth as it acts as a screen and prevents ultraviolet radiations from the sun to reach the earth .
Until 1987 the depletion of ozone layer was not of much concern .
But since the detection of a hole in the ozone layer in the earth ' s stratosphere over the Antarctic made scientists sit up and do serious thought .
The hole has grown since then and it may now extend to an area as large as the United States of America .
The discovery of another hole in the ozone layer by Canadian scientists further increased the concern of the scientists.
These holes drift around according to climatic conditions .
Not only holes but also thinning of the ozone layer over the entire surface has been noticed in the ozone layer .
How do these holes in the ozone layer ?
What is the reason for thinning of the ozone layer ?
This is probably due to the use of chlorofluorocarbons ( क्लोरोफ्लोरोकार्बन ) worldwide as स्प्रे स्प्रे स्प्रे in aerosol sprays and plastic sprays .
It is important to ensure that wind pollution control instruments are operated continuously and rigorously .
To protect human health power stations fertiliser plants coal cement and गैसें industries or any other industry that discharges heavy smoke and toxic fumes should be installed far away from human population .
Trees are capable of absorbing more of carbon dioxide and help reduce the atmospheric carbon dioxide levels thus maintaining equilibrium in the air .
Many techniques for control of automobile emissions have been developed such as improved capacity building reactors and engines .
The emission of smoke with carbon dioxide has a vital effect .
For example a high air - fuel ratio will reduce the concentrations of both carbon dioxide and hydrocarbons .
The catalytic reactor मोनोआक्साइड toxic carbon monoxide to the innocuous carbon dioxide thereby reducing the nitrogen oxides to nitrogen .
Engine modifications have some marked advantages.
In the modified engine a broad flame is produced for burning of fuel .
Intensive research is on the anvil to produce pollution - free engines .
The effects of this include the शरीर तंत्रिका and the damage to many parts of the body with genetic disorders .
One of the worst air pollution disasters occurred in London during December 1952 .
A dense fog settled on the city for four days leading to many deaths .
From the mortality records it was found that about 4 000 deaths were compared with those in the previous years during the episode and in the following weeks .
Further a close correlation was found between excess atmospheric concentrations of smoke and sulphur dioxide and mortality.
Before the London environment accident occurred a crash in the बेल्जियम Valley in Belgium in the first week of December 1930 due to the heavy fog associated with smoke and other धुएं substances .
It was reported that many residents complained of respiratory distress and the rate of mortality that occurred during the ordinary circumstances was around ten times the rate of mortality that occurred during the period .
In October 1948 there was a catastrophe in पेन्सिलवेनिया Pennsylvania - LRB - USA - RRB - in a highly industrial area .
The weather was unusually stagnant and the wind was almost static .
The death toll was 17 in a region where only two deaths were a normal happening in an equivalent period of time .
At मेक्सिको Rica in Mexico an industrial accident took place in a refinery in November 1950 .
The entire region of Los Angeles was affected for some time with relatively high concentrations of air pollutants which caused irritation of the eyes nose and throat .
A peculiar malady from 1924 to 1927 afflicted fishermen along the east ~ coast of बाल्टिक facing the Baltic Sea .
The condition was termed ' हाफ ' because it afflicted the समुदाय community ' .
The disease was manifested in muscle cramps and anaemia as in the case of toxic gas .
We all know about the rains which shower water .
But have you ever heard of the rain in which there is acid deposition in water ?
Of course it is a new phenomenon occurring since the past three decades in different parts of the world where industries are clustered and where large numbers of automobiles वाहनों .
Rain falls as pure water and on its enroute to the earth reacts with the oxides of sulphur and nitrogen to form acid .
No doubt from the industrial emissions where coal and oil are fired from factories and automobile emissions .
Acid rain is thus created by industrial activities that pollute the air .
The main sources are electric power plants that use coal to generate electricity .
Most coal contain small amounts of sulphur which is converted to sulphur dioxide when the coal is burnt .
Why are the environmental scientists so worried about acid rain ?
For it is a world - wide crisis because by गोलार्ध a large part of the northern hemisphere of the world it now रूख its attention to the industrial regions of the southern hemisphere which have borne out the waste of fresh water bodies and their products in the degradation .
अम्लता or पानी of water is measured on pH scale .
As already indicated rain - water has a pH of less than 7 .
What is then that makes the ordinary rain - water turn acidic - LRB - acid - RRB - and then the same applied to the soil as acid rain ?
The change is caused by the conversion of gases from industries ( oxides of sulphur ) and automobile emissions ( oxides of nitrogen ) .
These gases react under the influence of घुलने catalysts and sun ' s radiation before dissolving in water droplets and ice crystals .
These acid solutions fall to the earth as rain drops snow hail dew and dew .
A peculiarity of acid rain is that while the causative agents are emitted at one place the acid rain falls at another .
The pollutants released in one country enter the atmosphere and while circulating with the air currents move thousands of kilometres across the earth ' s surface to fall as acid rain .
For example the pollutants released in England and Germany were deposited as acid rain in Sweden and Norway .
While Canada releases much less of pollutant gases in comparison to the United States of America acid rain tends to occur mostly in Canada .
Rainfall knows no national boundaries and unlike other types of pollution acid rain is regarded as a global phenomenon .
Since the advent of the industrial revolution in the eighteenth century man has been engaged in discovering varied sources of energy for manufacturing varied types .
Ultimately more coal and fuel have to be burnt and the sulphur contained in the fuel gets converted to sulphur डाईआक्साइड acidic gas and the quantum of emissions are the greatest in this century .
The problem of acid rain started in the early 1950s .
To reduce the amount of smoke released in the atmosphere the use of gas गैस was introduced to reduce the burning of coal in thermal power plants to remove the toxic ash from which coal is released .
The new power plants were installed far away from the cities and high chimneys often more than 150 metres high to disperse the sulphur dioxide so that it would not reach the ground .
Most of the sulphur dioxide remains in the air for a long time so that more of it is converted to sulphuric acid .
A recent survey indicates that about 150 million tonnes of sulphur dioxide are discharged into the atmosphere every year which in turn is converted into sulphuric acid .
Two - thirds of these acid rains are due to sulphuric acid .
About one - third of the acid rain is due to nitric acid which acts in the atmosphere with oxides of nitrogen emitted by automobiles .
It is estimated that each year about 40 million tonnes of oxides of nitrogen are released into the atmosphere .
Most seriously affected is the strip of land running from western New York east into पश्चिमी Massachusetts till North पृथ्वी .
Acid rain is reported to have hit the कोलोरैडो national park in the forests of कोलोरैडो .
Thirty years ago the forest was a dense canopy of red spruce trees and balm का .
Some of them are 30 metres high and some are centuries old .
It is sad that most of these trees are dying turning the forest area into a barren hill .
A similar phenomenon is occurring in many countries of the northern hemisphere like West Germany .
It is reported that about 500 million square metres of forest in central Europe alone have been damaged by acid rain .
About 20 per cent of the United States lakes are बंजर are crystal clear but राज्य .
Who is the culprit for the death of these lakes ?
Of course वर्षा acid rains .
It is reported that trout and salmon have become rare in many lakes and rivers of Scandinavia and Canada .
When the pH reduces - LRB - i. e. acidity increases - RRB - the number of fish that do not breed .
The accumulation of aluminium compounds in their यौगिक causes problems to breathe .
These aluminium compounds are formed by the dissolution of sediments when the pH of water approaches the source of acidic origin .
At the same time the variety and number of those growing in the water also decreases .
Larger plants such as water lily
It has been known for many years that metals like steel and copper have a sharp disadvantage in polluted air than clean air .
इसलिए is also attacked by acids and stone buildings and statues are being damaged in many cities .
Taj Mahal one of the world ' s seven wonders has been led to believe that the oil refineries at Mathura and the refinery that was located near Agra .
For 2 500 years the नारी or the six marble maidens carved by Greek sculptor फिडियास in 5th century BC adorned the Greek capital of यूनान .
But in 1977 they were removed and placed in the museum .
The reason for this is acid rain .
Britain too has suffered from the effects of acid rain as is evident from the erosion of historical buildings in Oxford and London .
Acid rain has added a new dimension to international problems .
However there is a great need for constant vigil in the country as cities like Mumbai Kolkata and Delhi have fairly high levels of sulphur dioxide .
Prevention and Control of Acid Rain Control of acid deposition is not easy because it is due to varied standard activities but to prevent the situation from getting out of control the following steps should be उपाय
Power plants that use coal as कोयले should use low sulphur coal.
The engines may be properly tuned so that the emission from the smoke is low .
It is used for insects like चूहों चूहों चूहों चूहों चूहों etc . to all living organisms which compete with man for food and in the process cause they compete with trees and animals .
Chemicals and other substances used to control imperialism are पीडकनाशी .
It is best to save crops from pests but in the process they affect man and livestock.
About 1000 types of किसान are being used by farmers माली Mali and forest personnel and in homes घरों industries , godowns and shops .
रहते compounds are biodegradable and do not persist for long periods .
For many years the worst effects of the थी were not known .
It was in 1950 when scientists in the USA suddenly observed that the bird population particularly of eagles थी and थी - LRB - a kind of eagle that eats fish only ) was declining.
Careful observation showed that these birds were able to lay only thin - shelled eggs .
A strange phenomenon that was observed was that birds were affected even in the places where DDT was not छिडकाव .
Several years later it was proved that since DDT was not biodegradable it remained unchanged and was carried over by rivers to distant parts of the earth and the sea .
Further there are some शरीर in the शरीर even in the अंटार्कटिक - अंटार्कटिक regions ( where there is no likelihood of DDT reaching ) .
DDT accumulates in the human body too .
It is still not known at what extent this build - up becomes harmful .
A survey conducted in 1989 - 90 indicated that about 600 people died and thousands of people were crippled due to pesticide poisoning in India .
In the district of जिले in Karnataka people were crippled due to the presence of cattle .
Moreover owing to the decline of the natural enemies of शत्रुओं a large number of new varieties of शत्रुओं came into being .
Before any serious catastrophe occurs we will have to find solutions to the problem of युद्ध at the war level because India is the largest producer and user of the world in South - East Asia .
Recent research shows that our country uses 2 per cent विषाक्तता of the world whereas these add up to 50 per cent of the poisoning that occurs in the world .
Further several toxic substances already banned in developed countries due to their high toxicity and कैंसरजनक properties .
Some of the ways to avoid pollution due to पीडकनाशियों are :
Teach the farmers to use the किसानों for the minimum .
Use selective and relatively safe chemicals .
Speed up research in inventing biodegradable waste .
नियंत्रण the pest and use new parasites and predators as enemies of the परजीवियों .
Encourage use of neem products like , , which are obtained from plants .
Use artificial बांझ to attract insects and make them sterile .
Try to find more efficient mechanical devices other than those used at present ( such as light trap ) .
Above all scientists will have to be more interested in developing new varieties of crops with a capacity to resist फसलों .
Nature has taken millennia of years to shape this world .
It has given us a wide variety of materials to live and enjoy.
But man seems determined to destroy the world in this century .
He is depleting every available resource at a fast rate धाराओं water courses अपंग and converting them into कूडेदान .
In fact our planet is the only planet with 70 per cent water and the rest of the earth .
But man who lives only on this 30 per cent of the earth ' s surface.
It is not बाज by its destructive policy .
Man ' s activities ( in the name of progress ) and his faith in the priceless gifts of nature have to be seen heard or read to him for faith in life .
The major pollutants affecting the purity of our water resources are industrial effluents sewage and particulate matter .
In this chapter industrial and urban and agricultural pollution will be discussed along with ground - water and ocean - water pollution .
It is assumed that rivers and lakes are the right places to throw waste .
Industrial activities generate a wide variety of waste products which are generally discharged into water .
All kinds of industries that have been set up in the last four decades are a source of industrial waste .
Some of these wastes are poisonous some are responsible for long - term effects particularly अशिष्ट and many other पदार्थ substances which have yet to be known .
As technology is developing newer and newer types of wastes are produced .
This makes the control of chemical pollutants very difficult .
The industry uses more than यौगिक compounds as of which less than 2 per cent have been tested for their side effects .
The हालैंड river in Holland for instance is called the यूरोप of Europe .
By the time the हालैंड reaches the coast of Holland it is 20 per cent sewage and industrial waste .
Inorganic wastes include acids कचरे mica , dyes heavy metals विषैले toxic substances ( such as विषैले ) and gaseous pollutants .
Organic compounds also constitute a large part of industrial pollution .
The table below gives an idea of the waste material generated from different industries .
Table - 2 : 3 .
उद्योग उद्योग
Lead अम्ल mineral acids.
विरंजक
वस्त्र
,
Petroleum refining
Biological pollutants include bacteria प्रदूषक viruses plants and animals .
The impact of these pollutants on human health and fish health is defined in the following pages .
औद्योगिक Both organic and inorganic acids are discharged into rivers in the form of industrial waste .
Ammonia acts like poison to fish when it enters the body .
The presence of excess amount of free chlorine in water courses is undesirable because it is a powerful प्रदाहक .
Hydrogen sulphide emits a foul smell which can be felt when nearing rivers and streams .
Even a concentration of से ppm of hydrogen sulphide in the water can emit the smell of endangered eggs .
The exchange of coal for oil fuel has aggravated the problem of pollution .
Oil gets dispersed over the surface of water and hinders the passage of oxygen.
Oil is reported to coat fish तेल and affect their respiration.
Oil is pushed to the shore by water currents and winds thus गंदा the beaches and making bathing or swimming impossible .
Out of them nearly मर are dead and the unlucky ones are those who survived .
This disease did not even leave the unborn baby in the mother ' s womb .
Most forms of inorganic mercury are converted to methyl mercury by micro - organisms under certain conditions in an aquatic environment .
Fish can absorb methyl mercury directly from their containers and be eaten by many small phytoplankton and जंतु which absorb methyl mercury from the water .
As they eat these plants and fishes reach methyl mercury .
The quantum of mercury thus concentrated in the fish amounts to a million times more than that of the surrounding water .
Mercury enters and remains in the brain causing damage .
Accumulation of mercury in body also causes kidney damage and birth defects affecting the foetus in pregnant women ' s pregnancy .
It can affect liver function and cause diabetes and hypertension.
Cadmium ranks next to mercury in its poisoning .
The principal contributor of cadmium is the कैडमियम industry .
It tends to accumulate in the liver kidneys and thyroid and causes high blood pressure cramps , nausea vomiting and diarrhoea .
Cadmium tends to be absorbed by suspended particles and settles to the bottom of the water .
For this reason even in polluted rivers the cadmium levels in the water may not be detectable but can have serious consequences .
The हड्डियों - LRB - हड्डियां - RRB - हड्डियां - LRB - हड्डियों - RRB - case involving skeletal deformities was so called because it led to multiple fractures arising from हड्डियां .
The toxic effects of arsenic on humans are not known yet .
Since the tissues build up a tolerance to arsenic death takes place only when consumed in excess.
इसलिए enters water courses via the discharge of sheep - dipping effluents and through the use of आनुवंशिकता and आनुवंशिकता thus affecting the process of heredity .
It is a cumulative potent दस्त poison causing diarrhoea दस्त peripheral neuritis conjunctivitis नेत्र and high त्वचा and skin cancer .
The symptoms of metal poisoning appear much later .
Under the circumstances in India the symptoms would be mistaken as the symptoms of poverty .
It may also enter the water supply due to the use of lead pipes or plastic pipes which have been stabilised with lead compounds .
Both lead and arsenic damage the chromosomes thus interfering with the process of inheritance .
Lead above the level of 40 रक्त per 100 रक्त of blood causes brain damage .
In 1977 a number of cattle died in गांव village in Andhra Pradesh .
The temperature of water is considered to be the major feature of the environment as it may affect the concentration of dissolved oxygen the pH the rate of biochemical reactions and the physical activity of aquatic animals .
Most species of fish can adapt themselves to a fairly wide range of water temperature provided the temperature variations are variable .
Sharp changes in temperature such as sudden rise or decrease are often harmful .
The temperature changes not only affect fish but the entire aquatic eco - system .
If the temperature changes affect the types and number of small organisms.
The activities of pathogenic organisms are accelerated by higher temperatures and they become more dangerous .
If one or two species disappear the ecosystem may not have sufficient diversity left to compensate for the damage .
Sewage Pollutants in Water pollution has been a problem ever since we started disposing sewage into our rivers and other water courses .
The problem has assumed serious dimensions during the past 50 years due to over - expanding pollution especially with an ever - increasing population .
Plastics are also not able to destroy them by their natural purification process .
घुटने and fish which mistake plastic as edible material swallow it and upon swallowing मृत्यु and die.
In 1986 the US Academy of Sciences noted that the world ' s merchant ships dump at least 6. 6 tonnes of trash फेंकते annually.
In 1972 nations including the USA agreed to ban dumping of plastic into the oceans .
But this agreement does not consider the dumping of the ordinary waste which contains several articles of plastic .
The developed countries woke up to the dangers of pollution in the 1950s when the इंग्लैंड river in England became heavily polluted and sterile .
We failed to learn a lesson from such disasters and continue dumping wastes into the rivers unmindful of the consequences .
The rivers that we consider holy are no longer so but are laden with pollutants making them unsuitable for drinking and other purposes .
In passing through Allahabad इलाहाबाद Kanpur कानपुर Lucknow वाराणसी Varanasi वाराणसी Monghyr भागलपुर Bhagalpur भागलपुर Bhagalpur भागलपुर and भागलपुर it merges with other untreated sewage and industrial waste .
The river Ganges is further polluted by lakhs of devotees taking a dip all along its course .
Dead bodies and carcasses floating over its surface is a common sight .
It is estimated that every year about लाशें bodies are burnt on the banks of the Ganges .
हैं and लाशें ( or without लाशें ) bodies are discharged into the river turning it into a mere drain or लाशें .
It runs through the Western Ghats in Karnataka and passes about 800 km through इरोड Erode and वस्त्र while going to Tamil Nadu a lot of chemical factories have become प्रदूषित paper and sugar मिलों
discharged into the Cauvery from these industries is estimated to be about 110 million litres per day .
There are about 400 tanneries in Tamil Nadu of which 260 units are located in the North Arcot district .
Calcutta was known as the कलकत्ता of महलों and कलकत्ता in the early part of the century .
But the water and air pollution in the city has risen so high that in 1956 the World Health Organization dubbed it the विश्व city of the world .
Though the Ganga Action Plan is being implemented for cleaning the Hooghly river over the years and as per the 1991 report 65 projects were completed and about 8.3 million litres of waste water is being treated daily .
Shri M . कलकत्ता writes about the pollution content in Calcutta : " The city of Air वायु water and noise pollution in Calcutta will be finding its way through the ' healthy श्वसन disease and the more prevalent incidence of malaria .
Pollution of water by industrial wastes has led to a rise in the incidence of जठरांत्र - enteric diseases .
Nearly half of the population in Calcutta is in आबादी thanks to जल and water pollution the infant ' s mortality rate has increased considerably .
The condition of some of the major lakes in India is no better .
The पीने Lake हैदराबाद a major source of drinking water in Hyderabad has lost its pristine beauty to become a vast spread of greasy fluid .
The divers engaged in searching for the submerged Buddha statue found that they could not see their own palms .
The water provides sewage and industrial waste of around हैदराबाद .
Adding to the burden is the immersion into the lake of Ganesh idols made of plaster of Paris every year during the Ganesh Chaturthi festival .
However the Andhra Pradesh Pollution Control Board has recently woken up to ban such विसर्जन .
The Dal Lake in Jammu and Kashmir is full of पतवार .
This is a recent phenomenon caused by tourists who throw left - overs of their meals into the lake .
पाकर on this waste water has grown a lot of weeds and become very bad for the lake .
The भारत Lake in eastern India Manipur is the world ' s only floating sanctuary .
It is under serious peril and may dry up soon.
जंगलों of forests and severe soil erosion have led to heavy siltation of the lake .
Experts say that if the lake is not गाद it will soon become a sport .
Renuka a picturesque lake in Himachal Pradesh contains abundant varieties of fish tortoise and gharial .
It is reported that heavy siltation due to mining practices and increased growth of elephant grasses has been increasing .
The beautiful Chilka Lake in Orissa is choked with vegetation and needs to be attended on a war - scale effort .
Prevention and Control of Water Pollution The principal contributors of water pollution are industrial effluents and sewage .
The time is ripe to plunge into speedy action to avert any major accidents .
Effluent treatment systems have to be incorporated as an integral part of the economy .
In addition some of the following measures can be undertaken :
The process of modernisation will be of great value in adopting new techniques which do not need water .
Of the 3 119 towns and cities in our country only eight have provisions for complete sewage treatment while मलजल मलजल have partial facilities in cities and towns .
The remaining towns have no such facility and this is leading to increase in water - borne diseases and epidemics .
Treatment of sewage alone is not the only criterion for checking pollution .
Every citizen has to realise that pollution starts from his home .
Vegetables सब्जियों Paper waste food waste plastic and such other things should not be thrown in open drains but placed in paper bags and disposed off in bins kept in the streets by the local bodies for discharge .
Water the elixir of life is a priceless commodity and should not be wasted.
Without water there is no life on earth .
After the discovery of oil it became the prime fuel to be used in all fields .
Unfortunately this fuel is not available in all parts of the world .
Most countries import oil from the oil - rich countries and consequently millions of tonnes of oil are transported uniformly from one place to another .
Since transportation by road or by air is not feasible oil is transported by ships.
To cater to global requirements ships carry oil across the waterways in another place .
The main routes are across the Arabian Sea .
These maritime accidents are mainly due to grounding collision fire or explosion resulting in the release of oil from the ships .
The first such accident occurred in 1967 .
If the hills are heaped together they will form mountains .
Massive amounts of solid wastes are disposed of each day by our consumer society .
According to one estimate about 10 billion tonnes of solid wastes are produced every year in the world and if all these wastes are piled together the Mount Everest will form a mountain as high as the Mount .
USA the world ' s largest consumer nation has the most serious solid waste problem .
Household refuse removal of home refuse commercial waste industrial rubbish and construction debris total more than से million metric tonnes daily .
These solid wastes have become an integral part of our life .
Needless to say these wastes devour our precious landscape and spoil the aesthetics of the surrounding .
Any unwanted and / or discarded material thrown away in solid form entirely due to our daily activities is solid waste .
This includes garbage ( kitchen wastes and waste pieces of garbage - LRB - kitchen wastes - RRB - rubbish घरों - LRB - kitchen wastes - RRB - rubbish वाहन - RRB - the garbage thrown out of the garbage dumping spaces and debris .
This solves the disposal of wastes and also yields revenue besides compensating for the expenditure incurred on their transport .
The utilisation of wastes as raw materials in the manufacture of new products is called again .
It has 2 distinct advantages : 1 : the conservation of existing natural resources : for example conservation of a ton of paper is allowed to escape the 17th of trees which are used for paper making .
Similarly various types of plastic products are melted and many useful items are made .
कार्बनिक is an organic method of कार्बनिक .
This compost is an excellent one .
Cattle are now used in the preparation of bio - gas .
The used dung slurry can be used as manure .
Conversion of Waste into Energy At the World level the 130 बिजली power plants that produce electricity from कूडे have built about राष्ट्र tonnes per week and about 68 MW of electricity across the country .
But we are unable to produce electricity .
However a plant has been installed to make a burning गुटिकाएं in Mumbai which is processed before burning the bottle .
The plant is expected to produce about 80 tonnes of कचरे each day .
The pellet may be used as an industrial and domestic fuel.
If the plant proves successful plants that produce energy at other places will also be installed at such places .
In India and in all other methods land fill is considered to be the cheapest and most effective method of solid waste disposal .
This is particularly useful for low - lying areas around the city .
In this method refuse is dumped in pits and covered with layers of soil .
Land reclaimed by this method can be conveniently utilised for जमीन sports and other light jobs .
This method should not be used in areas where the water level is high as this waste can get contaminated .
The जमीन wastes - LRB - from metal extraction industries - RRB - can be used to fill the quarries and mines and the land may thus be जमीन
जलाकर and ताप are some other methods practised at certain places .
जलाकर is the application of जलाकर by burning waste to a harmful condition for health .
आक्सीजन is also known as आक्सीजन in the absence of oxygen .
However these methods are not of much use as the quantity of ash produced is again a nuisance since its disposal becomes a problem .
Keeping the city clean is the duty of every citizen and the measures suggested can be fruitful in achieving this goal .
Some substances ( elements and their particles ) are capable of degrading by themselves and releasing energy in the form of radiation .
The radiation is not visible to our eyes but it can penetrate our body and cause great damage .
On 6 August 1945 the first atomic bomb dropped in Hiroshima in Japan .
Do n ' t smell any of the waste generated by nuclear power plants and do not emit any harmful gases .
Despite these advantages wastes from nuclear power plants are considered dangerous .
The reason for this problem is that nuclear waste becomes harmless after millions of years .
The plutonium produced during power ( 200 kg per reactor ) is sufficient to cause cancer in all human beings .
Abnormal births . mutations शरीर sterility acute skin burns and lowering of body resistance to disease are other serious influences .
Constant exposure to radiation causes genetic defects which could affect the generations to come .
Radio - जैवरासायनिक are widely used in medical जैवरासायनिक industry and biology to determine the process of biochemical and biochemical reactions .
Substances administered to patients and used in radiation therapy are proving important sources of nuclear damage .
.
Prevention and Control of Radiation Radiation from natural sources cannot be checked but the radiation from man - made sources can be used to some extent .
Forests cover approximately one - fifth of the total land area of the Indian Peninsula .
Many kinds of animals are found in Indian forests .
It is known that there are 500 species of reptiles in Indian forests 2,100 species of birds and species of various insects .
Forests provide oxygen without which life on the earth is not possible .
They maintain a healthy gaseous balance in the atmosphere .
They are great जलवायु of climate .
Plants increase the humidity of water vapour from their exposed surfaces .
As we all know forests adequately control soil erosion and landslides .
Forests in the hilly regions keep the soil of rivers moist with their long roots .
They also maintain the stability of the mountains .
The aerial parts of the plants intercept rain decreasing its जमीन strength .
Small plants found on the earth in the forests serve as thick sheets of fallen leaves on the ground and serve as sponge and help in preserving the water received from rain and ice .
Through centuries forests have provided us fuel fodder and timber ; our many industries are based on certain resources which are found in the forest .
Paper pulp rayon वनों and वनों industries are completely dependent on forest products .
Trees provide drugs औषधियां spice औषधियां fruit गोंद fibre , राल रबड रबड रबड रबड rubber and क्षीर .
Raw materials for the dyeing and tanning industries including , उद्योगों उद्योगों बीडी honey lemon and sandal powder are all obtained from forests .
It is estimated that the national income derived from these products and forests is more than 600 crores a year .
About four million tribals live in the forests all over the country .
They not only carry out forestry operations - but are an integral part of the forest environment .
Some of the basic necessities of food e. g. food fodder and shelter are met by the jungles .
In short it may be said that forests protect our environment while maintaining the ecological balance reduce pollution and noise from night - soil erosion control the soil making the soil more attractive and efficient .
Over the years our population has increased significantly .
Consequently the need for fuel and timber has increased manifold .
In the name of production and development trees were cut down and the jungles are completely reduced and the hills became bare .
The Visakhapatnam steel plant in Andhra Pradesh has planted over two million trees in its complex.
चिपको Bahuguna the father of the famous Chipko movement has described it as follows : " For the cultivation of apples and for packing them forest वाहनों and rolling stock and clearing forest cover for hill vehicles .
Every year there is a fertile soil of करोड million tonnes which is equivalent to the loss of 30 to 5 million tonnes of foodgrains .
If the forests were to be destroyed then ( 75 000 sq m / year ) the problem of soil erosion would be enormous .
Forests play a vital role in the preservation of water .
Roots of trees hold together the soil which absorbs water .
The top soil is very fertile and nothing can grow in the soil without it .
This results in the loss of water storage capacity in reservoirs ( many of our reservoirs have already acquired a lot of siltation .
The increase in the forest areas and strengthening them have become all the more necessary for we have less power to meet our wood requirements and not only to conserve vacant land - made use of wood or सरकारी .
Every empty piece of land must be used for raising various kinds of trees which will give us fuel wood fuel fruits and shade ; the most important is that we planted a tree and allow it to grow up .
It is necessary to educate the masses to protect their land against the widespread environmental damage caused by deforestation in the forests and to guide them to illegal felling of trees and explain that the forest seeks to make one another a few animals suitable for agriculture .
Trees are our हाथ and every time a tree is cut our chances of survival get reduced .
The Government has now woken up and has launched many afforestation schemes .
Acts to conserve forests have been implemented .
Afforestation programmes have to be stepped up further though two movements started to conserve forests have become very popular in India .
In addition to the Chipko movement started in Karnataka in the case of protest against the destruction of forests in the upper reaches of the Himalayan rivers the movement was started in addition to the चिपको movement and the children to destroy the trees .
It is my सजाती task to deck her every day to send her to your lover and see her caressed by him .
O god take you back your boon . "
The god assured her that in course of time the season of flowers would yield to fruit and Arjuna wearied of the pleasures of the flesh would himself seek the real woman in her body .
In the meanwhile ' O ' बालिके ' d go away and take part in his mad प्रेमोत्सव . "
The surfeit of pleasure brought about its inevitable reaction and the warrior in Arjuna began to long for a life of action and for a love that can last longer than pleasure that can endure even through pain or agony .
His heart was restless सर्प a serpent reviving from its long winter ' s sleep .
One day he met some योद्धा who talked of the warrior princess Chitra who was as valiant as she was noble who had a man of valour and a mother' s heart .
Arjuna was surprised who this other Chitra was there ?
He asked his fair mistress who told him that the Princess was plain - hearted and devoid of all feminine charm her very virtues were like prison walls in which the woman was imprisoned .
But Arjuna ' s curiosity was aroused and he begged Chitra to let him meet the Princess .
But he seems to have been प्रवास in London during his stay so that his art goddess had left him alone .
This happened many times in his life .
रवीन्द्रनाथ a man of liberal learning and if anyone was a world citizen he was only Tagore and had a deeply rooted in the roots of his land - he would have lost all his poems and songs if they were to be shot outside India .
A letter written to his niece Indira on the eve of his departure from London is significant.
He writes " Whether man is a mere device of any metal ? and should he act in accordance with the hard core of the rules ?
The human mind is so vast and varied so that in which a great deal of मस्तिष्क arise on the one hand all the claims are necessary to टकराना and टकराना at times .
Such preparations make him a man and in order to prove that he is a mere जिंदा of material factors .
He who has never felt this weakness who has not दिमाग on the brink whose mind is narrow and strait - he is not truly alive .
That which we call a trend and we reject too small in our day - to - day life is the thing which helps us to draw away from the forest of evil and evil and to the immense possibilities of our destiny and ecstasy .
She gives up her chase of him and marries the fourth character in the novel विवाह the narrator who is deeply in love with her .
Her renunciation of him releases Sachish not only from her spell but from his obsession with a religious pursuit which was little better than a सचीश .
He returns to his humanitarian mission in Calcutta a मानवतावादी and wiser man .
In the year he published his second important novel रवीन्द्रनाथ घर - LRB - The Home and the World ) in which three major characters express their views through diary .
The setting is the political excitement in the stormy years of the first decade of the century when Tagore himself had been drawn into the vortex of a time .
The portrayal of the revolutionary patriot who has no सजीवता to deceive his friend and seduce his trusted wife was so vividly drawn that the author was accused of being immoral and अनैतिक
Even after three years of its publication the critics continued throwing the pages of the novel . - LRB - दिमाग - RRB - an example of the tremendous impact it had on their minds.
I am carrying as it were my फीट my back instead of living in फीट . "
The call from a distant थी .
There were many new worlds to explore fresh minds to be met by मानस .
He felt he had something to say and his voice must reach the world ' s consciousness .
In Hong Kong she was impressed with the grace and strength of women who are gifted with a set of physical labour .
Chitra secretly pleased promised to introduce the Princess .
He begged the gods to give him his pseudo - beauty .
मणिपुर restored her all her gifts to her Chitra and she again appeared before Arjuna in the old and true strain of her body : " I am an Chitra which could not be considered a देवी or a god of honour .
If you care to have me as a comrade by your side in the path of danger and daring if you let me share the great duties of your life you will know the true nature .
The play ends with Arjuna ' s words : ' Yes my life is complete . "
The year in which the drama of नाटिका was published was written by Tagore in the year he published his first social नाटिका सामाजिक ( सामाजिक of सामाजिक ) in prose which was full of romantic humour and satire a romantic comedy .
It deals with romantic वैवाहिक and matrimonial के of three young intellectuals and their ladies.
Its story is simple and flowing in that no तनाव stories or relevant legends are woven into it and the farce runs merrily to the climax of the reader ' s intuitive understanding .
The dialogue विदेशी the native idiom hard to render in another medium .
At the end of the year when the Indian National Congress met for its annual session in Calcutta he recited on the opening day a long poem which was known as India prayer .
He received a great ovation from all the political leaders gathered on the occasion .
Tagore ' s health did not join him ; the mental strain had a great deal not only because of the pressure of his preoccupations or services but also the inner struggle of the poet and the patriot .
When the patriot or the prophet was roused he would notice that God ' s trumpet lay in the dust and it became his duty to pick it up and offer war .
Tagore was aware of his own conflict and this अनिश्चितता and knew also that his dharma of his primary duty was as a singer .
He had written earlier in a letter to Andrews " I must give up ; and at the same time give up the role of beneficent angel to others .
The orders of the doctors were observed to be violation of the number of letters which were to be written day by day .
There were many such cases as Tagore espoused and each caused him considerable emotional strain .
Death is the obverse side of life it is one with it and I do not look upon it with any particular fear .
But disease is evil and when we do not know how to fight it it makes one of them completely defiant . "
How rebellious his heart was growing gradually it would be clear from the stories and incidents he was narrating in his poems and published in the same year as ' रवीन्द्रनाथ ' .
Two years ago the boy had wings to the imagination of his poems as he turned to heaven and walked with the eternal beauty in the ever - changing world and with a sense of self - confidence and in which everything has set about its eternal pace .
In रवीन्द्र the poet comes down to the land and deals with the agony and irony of life and its fugitive joys and fragile संकल्पों .
The stories are a little sad one about day - to - day life and a little sad story about the lives of women in Hindu families and their frustration is linked to their ability to cope with their decency and pain .
The bride who heard her was her husband . who was very ill and the doctor advised her to take her to a health place .
For the first time in her life she met the father - in - law in - law ' s house where her presence was so complicated and painful a breath of fresh air she felt as हवा from her husband .
For the first time her face shone with big eyes as soon as she walked along the train with her husband .
At a point falling on the way to where he has to change his car . met a woman called Rukmini where she had come to a कुली to ask her husband for a घरवाली story .
She is grateful for her husband for having fulfilled the last days of her life with great joy .
The पति husband cannot forget what he had betrayed with his trusted and loving wife who was making all his happiness with all his creatures.
Because of the censorship ban on press सेंसरशिप and heavy censorship people for weeks were not aware of the tragedy and the horrors .
He then did what he wanted to do as was dictated by his own judgement .
He lived up to his own song written years ago : " If they are afraid and mutely facing the wall then O thou of evil luck open thy mind and speak out alone . "
He warned the Viceroy that the country was committed to such a degree : " In the history of any civilized government now " he added " I am taking the note of the देश of all the agony that can do to my country " .
” When the clock reached when I have become more a witness to our shame in the ridiculous context of देशवासियों . and ' contempt ' and ' I ' m supposed to live ' my life ' S . "
It was not the abolition of the पीडा with which something particular was added to his personality ; it was the courage of the people through which he gave a voice to their pain and ending in the hearts of the people .
The British officers never forgave what they considered .
The sweet singer who had been content with his nest and the seclusion of the sky was now caught in the net of the world .
It must break the lamp of anybody and deprive him of his legitimate place in the world festival . "
Once India had a mind which was lit by its own flame fed with Indian affection .
Nowadays the university graduates are better than their counterparts who are eager to learn from the other .
As he put it The irony of कैंब्रिज is that every time we think of a university the idea of Oxford University Oxford University and several other European Universities rushes in at the end of our minds .
We then imagine that we might gather all their good qualities and make it a refined one .
We forget that the European Universities cherish the living life of Europe .
The administration of a modern surgical system involving the introduction of a large number of other minor organs is bound to the skin and pieces but the formation of a whole man is beyond the roots of science and is expected not only in the present time .
Tagore now had an additional incentive to travel .
He was restless.
The world ' s adulation was like an addiction .
The general and dominant mood however is one of reflection rather than of feeling of calm intellectual detachment of a playful subtlety of thought which occasionally अहंमन्यता into egoism .
The satirical pieces are full of irony and wisdom without bitterness.
One of these called the लडते लडते exposes the folly of mechanical education .
In this story a सभ्य bird is taught to read because in a civilized society it is disgraceful that he should go about chirping and not merely hopping and chirping .
A golden cage had to be built for it and a suitable pundits engaged to devise suitable methods of study .
Two other व्यंग्य titles could be cited in the same order : " Trial of the Trial of the Trial of the Horse हार्स हार्स and ' हार्स ' .
The first of these relates to the calamity of man which results in the exploitation of all that is living and निर्जीव .
When the gods wake up from their periodic fit of slumber .
Brahma the head of the gods who is in charge of this special portfolio warns ब्रह्मा man " If you leave my horse I shall take care that your teeth and claws will grow as lions . "
Man opposes them ; it will not act as gods .
These two systems of the mind of humanity are शरीर if one of them is paralysed . "
On 15 May 1920 Tagore sailed for Europe accompanied by his son and daughter - in - law .
In England he was happy to meet old friends and colleagues .
He however understood that the atmosphere was not as cordial as one his earlier visit before the war .
Tagore ' s condemnation of war : his bald comments on the British rule in India and above all the most important factor was the renunciation of ' Night ' s degree which ठंडा the heat of old ऊष्मा .
When I think of all this my thoughts shiver with cold and I feel सताने for the sunny corner in my देश .
A co - passenger on board was the Agha Khan who would recite to him Hafiz and other Persian poets.
That is why he wrote in a funny letter from London : " The poet Hafiz was willing to exchange the wealth of Samarkand and Bokhara for a mole on the cheek of his wives .
I am willing to give away the whole of London for corner in Santiniketan .
The debate in the British Parliament on the Jallianwala Bagh tragedy and the public . of General Dyer ' s heinous conduct in ordering a general massacre of the ब्रिटिश pained him deeply and undermined his faith in the British sense of justice and humanism .
Among the speeches delivered by MPs for this बर्बरतापूर्ण act which is apparent from the newspapers of the country - they are most घिनौना and absurd in their tone and character . "
But as soon as he met some of the less - minded British people his mood changed and made some sense of faith and joy .
A few days ago Andrews wrote to Andrews - I am in a better position than I have had in the developing world of active mind .
I miss here my sky and light and leisure but I am in touch with those who feel and express their need of me and to whom I can offer my holidays .
This self - centred mood must have a suspicion ; so he promptly added to it " I am likely to know my views but not very important for him some time later .
He was scrupulous in this matter and his heart knew that human dignity was ultimately a matter of hearts and the rest were चीजें .
When he identified them with Lawrence of ब्रिटिश who was a free fighter who was moving away from his own country for he had forged a pact with the British Government on behalf of the Arabs and had to carry this pledge .
लारेंस on the problems of India Lawrence said to Tagore that in order to gain respect with an Englishman it was necessary that he would attack the more vigorously an attack on his brother the character of his or her own .
The letters he wrote to C . F. Andrews during this visit indicate the pace of रवीन्द्रनाथ at which Tagore ' s heart was at ease with which he पार at Santiniketan the best of the time he earned for himself the first time the philosopher .
He reached New York where he delivered lectures in several meetings in the city and in other cities a letter from New York delivered on his speech at the व्याख्यान कवि Forum to stop the audience : the audience never before .
But he could not have met even if he had any hopes of raising funds for his University .
He had thought that a young and new nation - builder who had yet to rid the warring nationalists with a suicidal war effort would offer her attention to set up an international university functioning at Santiniketan as an active centre for the promotion of human conscience .
As a matter of fact the initial attempts of this general पूर्वानुमान were unfortunately low on account of the enthusiasm of the very near and dear and the loved ones that he needed the American dollar to मूर्त his ideal .
In a letter to Andrews dated 13 December he लिखे I am convinced by my trying to shape a great plan but I know the simplicity and the simplicity of my heart .
When we realise in some measure our ideal of perfection in our work it matters very little what its dimensions are .
We often believe in its लेते so much that it झकझोर our faith in truth . "
Only four days later he wrote to her : " When the Buddha was walking about as fast as the dried leaves of the storm चक्कर over the कोष I was taking a picture of what the Buddha was saying.
This message fell right into my heart .
" He said to me " The glass of milk will give you a chance to do penance the day you are fulfilled . "
Every morning I sit by my window and say to myself " I must not bow to my ugly idol worshipped by the west .
I remember that morning at Shelidah when the Vaishnava woman came to me and asked me when will you come down from your three - storied building to meet your love under the shade of the trees ?
" I am sitting on the highest floor of a tower - filled mansion where there is no whispers in the highest trees - but this love which comes down to me and the पांव of the trees is the subject of which you will come down .
I want to say something about money but it sounds so ludicrous and yet so tragic that my words grow ashamed of themselves and they stop.
This third visit to the United States was a very successful one in personal and human relationship and should not be judged by a little lower than the million dollars he failed to डॉलरों .
He had known them earlier but there was new friendship with some which were remarkable two ladies - Helen जेन and Jane जेन .
More important was the स्ट्रेट Strait and Leonard लियोनार्ड of whom he developed a strong bond of life with whom he had been at that time a student of agricultural science and later married एलम्हर्स्ट .
रवीन्द्रनाथ was a pioneer in his generous contribution to the pattern of an international and cultural centre at Santiniketan for experiments in the regional development of rural education and the economy with एलम्हर्स्ट and his wife later came to his country .
In March 1921 Tagore returned to London from where he first landed in Paris .
From Paris he spoke at the newly established French University of फ्रेंच .
Proceeding to Geneva he spoke at the Rousseau Institute on Education .
While he was छुट्टियां at जर्मनी he received the news that a committee formed in Germany consisting of eminent writers and scholars had celebrated his वर्षगांठ birth anniversary with a gift of a large collection of German classics to the Visva - Bharati Library .
Although Gandhi was a more incorrigible idealist than Tagore he was a revolutionary leader of men and was obliged on occasion to over - अवसर a situation and exaggerate certain aspects of it to rouse mass fervour.
Like Nelson he often held a telescope to his blind eye and . said that he was seeing nothing but what Tagore saw and that again was disturbing him by the चील .
Sudden upsurge of patriotic zeal in the people who had never understood it for a long time had hardly any historical memories of such phenomena was bound to result in an exaggerated sense of self - righteousness and contempt for everything foreign.
Tagore who had been denouncing this very aspect of nationalism in other countries found the sight extremely painful .
For me humanity is very rich and large and many - sided. "
नहीं take from the Master not what he wishes to give but what they wish to take.
This deep concern was not merely verbal and poetic .
He did whatever was possible under the circumstances to help these helpless children of Providence grow into self - reliant adults and thus initiated the first experiments in rural community development programme .
The country was under foreign rule which rested on the support tacit or active of the vested interests and it was no use expecting of the Administration any other interest save in maintaining law and order .
Moreover Tagore was not suited for the betterment of the society where a person was indifferent to his efforts and was waiting for the help or direction of the state where he could be the most important helps and most important .
If the government does everything for everyone else they will not remain big helpless children of Providence but of the State .
His programme of community development was therefore based on the twin principles of self - help and realisation .
And yet the realisation was absolutely necessary because if people were to be less than their efforts it was not because they had lost their political freedom or were physically or morally disabled but because of the various social drawbacks .
They were totally ignorant of the most elementary scientific knowledge and चमत्कारों they believed blindly and पाखंड in every kind of religious hypocrisy .
Their misery and apathy were evidence enough that no misfortune was greater than ignorance no sin greater than to अनर्थ in it .
It was an गावों who had been inspired by the most radical memories of his school life which prompted him to develop an Indian system of education based on the गावों and अंड of the गावों egg system of education which gradually evolved .
Tagore is right from the point of view of eternity .
He is a brilliant poet like the sparrow who calls him a master in our music and sings songs about the ruins of times .
He lives in eternity.
But for which the present desire also seems to be very necessary . "
Gandhi replied to the poet ' s challenge by publishing an article in Young India ' .
He hailed the poet as a great guard whose warnings against moral pitfalls must be listened to by चेतावनियों . But Mahatma later his misgivings were not without any basis .
He calls upon the poet to pour water into the fire and pour it into the fire .
He presents to our admiring gaze the beautiful picture of the birds in the morning.
These birds had their day - to - day food and soared with rested wings in whose veins new blood खून the previous night .
But I have had the pain of watching birds who for want of strength could not move even their wings .
The human bird under the Indian sky gets up weaker than when he pretended to retire.
" Give them work so that they can eat .
The question may be asked why should I wear the spinning wheel ?
Whatever finds the coin in your pocket the source of it will make you realise that what I write is true .
Let him burn his foreign clothes ; that is the duty of today .
God will take care of him tomorrow. "
How disillusioned and sad words were : Remain Holland : " We have this tragedy of the world before we see the artistic dream .
Who does not sympathise with Gandhi ' s passionate emotion and share ?
Tagore himself used to attend Levi ' s classes .
On 23 September 1921 Visva - Bharati was formally inaugurated and the land buildings and other properties at Santiniketan were renamed as him .
Tagore also made a gift of the copyright on his Bengali books published till then .
The Nobel Prize money had already been donated to the school .
In the midst of all these उत्तेजनाओं he continued to brood on the political scene in the country until in the subconscious churning of the mind he found a dramatic expression in a symbolic play which was written in January 1922.
The play which was in a sense inspired by the personality and the movement of non - violence which was named गांधी के is a tribute .
The background of the play is the political subjection of the people of राज्य the neighbouring kingdom .
To bend the subject people towards their wishes the king of राजा built a large dam on the मैदानों the only means of their परस्परता so that their waters could not reach the plains below .
Its engine - tower dominated the landscape and छोड die trident of the temple of Shiva .
This remarkable play was never staged.
The author read it between his friends in Calcutta in January 1922 and later made preparations to stage it but before the performance it was staged the news came of Mahatma Gandhi ' s arrest trial and the sentence of rigorous imprisonment for six years .
The dream of making Santiniketan a world nest where kindred spirits would gather from different parts of the world was coming true .
What was originally planned as hermitage was becoming a cosmopolitan hive of giant honey .
Whether this picturesque beehive produced more honey than buzzing it is difficult to say .
Much pioneering work was also done of which the benefit was reaped not only by Visva - Bharati but by many other universities .
The stimulus however was enough for the poet to imagine that the world was becoming one and that he had to travel a great deal to win men ' s hearts for his ideals .
There is hardly any illusion more exhilarating than the belief that one is healing the world ' s wounds and Tagore was neither the first nor the last man to come .
There was no need to have the zeal of a missionary who had gone to the head of the boy instead of उत्साह a true lover of a modern hero who had understood the world and wanted to find on the basis of his बाल the United Nations .
Not content with touring in his own country he thought of visiting China .
Nearly a thousand years had passed since the last band of Buddhist monks had carried their Master ' s message of compassion and peace to that land .
Tagore wanted to restore the ancient cultural link between the two countries which had been snapped for so long .
He could not have said for China and India had in the meanwhile drifted too far away and every land was seething in its own ferment.
The Chinese intelligentsia had grown impatient of traditional values and virtues and were western - attracted .
He had recognised that nationalist solidarity materialist commonsense and a ruthless application of science and technology could alone lift his country from the दलदल into which he was buried .
They were more amenable to the rational scepticism of a Bertrand Russell than die mystic insights of a Rabindranath Tagore .
He looked upon the Indian poet as a reactionary idealist a futile visionary and viewed his visit with indifference though not with hostility.
Tagore understood this mood and temper with which he had seen in India and his lectures in China delivered mostly extempore show with what understanding and sympathy .
He has not experienced any known model or base - even because there was no tradition of this literary form in this country .
He was the first Indian to give it form and since the story - writing has become very popular among the Indian writers there is no other person to be able to compare them to this field perhaps something that leaves them behind.
Many of these stories were suggested by some scene or incident or character he observed while he lived in his house - boat on the river Padma the house - boat too was named Padma .
He narrates in his letter the genesis of some of the stories he wrote during this period .
He continued to stare at the ghat of the river covered with moss and wonders how much the stones would tell if they could tell .
One such story is the घाट tale ( the घाट ) of the Ghat and the legends of the ancient show that a young and lovely girl could come to the river and catch her shadow .
Kusum loved water because she belonged to this village .
Soon a day came when she ceased coming and the ghat gathered from the talk of her companions that the younger Kusum had married and gone to her husband ' s house .
Days go by .
It was early autumn when he set sail in the Japanese boat जापानी - शरत and the music of autumn stirred in the poet ' s heart .
He forgot his mission and was once again a lover and a singer .
से poems poured out of his pen instead of sermons .
The 63 - year old poet was entering the evening of his life and the mellow richness of the evening melody pervades these poems .
During the voyage around अर्जेंटीना coast Tagore suddenly became ill and was obliged to disembark at जहाज तट where a heart specialist advised complete rest for some time .
Tagore did not know a soul in रवीन्द्रनाथ but fortunately the charming and talented Victoria खातिरदारी offered her hospitality and he was happy to find refuge in an attractive and secluded villa in San Francisco on the river bank .
The visit to Peru had to be cancelled on the doctor ' s advice .
Tagore was not unhappy with this because during his voyage the poet had won the battle of a धर्म and he was happy and happy to watch the river flowing from the balcony .
The old memories will bring the flute to its lost rhythm .
Her language I do not know but what her eyes said shall forever remain eloquent in its grief .
On January 4 1925 the poet and his companion . bade goodbye to their host and sailed for कवि .
He hurried away for he felt guilty that he should be happy and enjoying himself when his country needed him .
But when he returned to his own land he felt that his happiness was more creative than the one who helped him in the long run and he wrote to Victoria विक्टोरिया in an interesting manner in his letters from Santiniketan that year .
" You express regret in writing that I could not stay in a beautiful house on your river till the end of the summer .
You do not know how often I think I can do this .
There was the inspired by a responsible temptation which seemed to me to be discarded and प्रलोभन from that sweet corner but I am finding that while I was sitting in the shade of those weak scenes my poems were full of pale rooms .
I can assure you that the flowers will grow up for a long time until the laboriously built towers of my beneficent deeds will crumble . "
Soon after his return to his country his elder brother Jyotirindranath passed away .
Returning to Santiniketan he wrote the mythological Buddhist legend which he had earlier used in a poem शांतिनिकेतन ( Worship of the नृत्यांगना ) .
This was one of Tagore ' s simple and straightforward plays completely free from symbolic विद्वतापूर्ण and intellectual नाटकों which make his other plays absolutely mysterious and appealing .
They are based on a general religious emotion which rises to a high pitch as the story ends in भक्ति bhakti .
The Buddha condemned the non - जाति of the Vedas and the जाति of the Hindu caste to worship a divine being could not be the monopoly of this caste or that ; nor could its idea always be captured in the structure of the Vedas .
Real worship is when we surrender to the highest truth .
The sage नृत्य his learning the man of action his deeds the poet his songs and the humble Nati her dance .
Thus the dancing girl by her sincerity and devotion विजय the so - called degradation of her calling and विजय by her death the innate majesty of her spirit .
One other point in this play is that there is no male character .
The introduction of the Buddhist monk in the भिक्षुक was a later addition to enable the author to satisfy the public clamour for his appearance on the stage .
He was also received by King Victor विक्टर III and attended a performance of his play Chitra in Italian .
But more than the King or the राजा Tagore was keen on meeting philosopher . . who was at that time virtually home - interned in राजा .
Some friends took the risk of taking a theft in Rome where they could meet each other .
While he was being feted in his almost royal tour of Italy he did not realise that इटली and distorted versions of his speeches and interviews were being तबदील by the Italian press to boost the fascist fascism of Italy .
He was ashamed and hurt at his failure and wrote to इटली : " I have the यात्रा to leave me not to यात्रा the last moment to get ready for a यात्रा ' how I shall have to admit Italy .
Then to the nearest ridiculous words - - ओर says - - you 'll give me your जहाज - board ship if you have any.
I shall quit immediately.
Though religious and political.
Kumudini the lovely and gentle daughter of the former is married to a growing millionaire crude and हठधर्मी one of the few characters from Tagore made very real .
He is forced by the habit of imposing his will on men and machinery on the आदमी ; he thinks he can possess Kumudini merely because he is his wife but soon discovers that he overcomes his body .
The psychological interest of the novel is the gradual and almost imperceptible transformation in the husband ' s feelings towards her .
At first brutal violent and लोलुप they were gradually inhibited by sudden spasms of tenderness and awe which he cannot understand having never experienced them in any other sphere of life .
The दबंग and स्वामी master loses his self - confidence and like a अनाडी पहुंचता reaches what his hands cannot grasp.
The end of the novel is unfortunately weak a failing which many other novels of Tagore share.
It seems as if the story is tired of saying one time and wants to end it in some way so as to meet the demands of some other person or to stop them shouting and block the author .
When Tagore was writing this novel and probing the spiritual में of mere success he was himself getting restless for fresh fields .
The missionary zeal once again proved stronger than the creative and in July 1927 he set out on his ninth foreign tour this time to the neighbouring lands of South - West Asia .
His आत्म self - satisfied character is received a shock when he accidentally encounters and falls in love with a quite different product of modern education a highly intelligent girl of fine sensibility and deep feelings.
This experience is so different from the previous experience of the love - cycle that it all seems to him as a shock - a feeling of sincerity which he finds hard to adjust with the old मुद्रा habits .
In the meanwhile he finds a new romantic change in himself .
This struggle makes him a curiously pathetic जूझ who is being worked against his claims .
Sensing the tragedy she releases him from his जिंदगी and disappears from his life .
The last poem in which he calls farewell to his lover is a testament of the depth of feeling of which he deserves .
Here is a stanza in which the texts of the original are preserved and you lose nothing of me and you are a tiny little धूल of dust from the soil that you have made .
Not only did they stay in Santiniketan which had gradually grown into a small urban garden called शांतिनिकेतन but it had become a festival for the whole country and now was being encouraged by the governments of India .
One of his most characteristic works is the collection of poems on varied seasons on the life of trees and flowers .
1928 was indeed a fruitful year and it could be said that because of his better health he was linked to his land .
It was in this year too that Tagore began his experiments in an entirely new and unforeseen medium of creative expression painting.
Though he had never ceased to agitate he freely allowed his pen to walk .
Most of these अभ्यासों exercises were induced by what he has called " were अभ्यासों in my manuscripts ” and भर्जन which he hated to drive away .
Kusum told her name .
Kusum had disappeared again and did not come to the ghat or to the temple for a long time .
One day the Sanyasi sent for her and sat down beside her with his eyes .
When the Sanyasi asked about her not to come she replied that she had deliberately kept away because she was ashamed of her bad thoughts and was unworthy to sit beside a holy devotee .
When the Sanyasi cross - questioned her she confessed that she had a dream in which she found the Sanyasi making love to her .
Since then the dream had obsessed her in her waking hours and she was unable to see the Sanyasi as other than her husband and lover.
When he recovered his poise he begged of Kusum to forget him and disappeared from the village .
Kusum slowly came down the steps and stood looking at the river water for a while .
He had loved this river since his childhood and today in the crisis if he would not take her in his arms who will be available to him .
Strange as it may sound he looked more handsome in old age than as a young man this is not only by his photographs but by those contemporaries who had seen him at both times .
No one else must have said with so much faith - let ' get old with me when it is yet to be good the touch of the end of life the bright light of which the human mind was born but not the face of her .
Like Mahatma Gandhi he discovered with the years that truth was important than any religion and human good was greater than any philosophy or thought .
Had he not been a writer of गीतांजलि गीतांजलि and a great exponent of Indian spiritual tradition he would not have taken the journey of the Soviet state as a pilgrimage.
In a letter he wrote: " If I had not gone to Russia my life would have remained incomplete .
Those powerful who are trying to waste the wealth of their spirits and दौलत why should we be afraid of them ?
And why should we be नाराज ?
This is one of Rabindranath ' s earliest stories .
In Tagore ' s imagination Nature has always been an active character and here too inanimate but inanimate matter are a part of this story and this is what helped to build up the atmosphere of the story with compassion and surprise .
In a similar vein the Highway tells the story of what it has seen of secret प्रेम and frustrated love .
In almost all these stories the author ' s tenderness and sympathies seem to be monopolised by women generally young girls and little children .
His portraits of children and teenagers whether girls or girls are drawn with fantastic imagination in spite of their किशोर and किशोर .
Whatever that may be the nature of his early stories is not primarily the reproduction or character of a character but the formation of a mood the formation of a character the revelation or activity of an assured mind or action .
This swift and intuitive grasp of the human potential of an event or situation was akin to his lyrical genius which responded quickly to all influences outside .
And so when he read a book of the town the boy wanted something new to be restored to his village as a post - master he seemed surprised how he was getting bored of it .
When the story was published in में he came to me full of मुस्कान smiles as he बातचीत .
The author could only imagine that he could write about the problem of human relationship and that of a simple and unsophisticated girl child the likely tragedy which might have commanded him to earn his affection .
In the same way he must have often noticed in the streets of Calcutta big hefty strangers from Kabul आते dry fruits and almonds .
But surely thought Rabindranath they too were human and must love their children as parents do .
So the dreaded काबुलीवाला becomes in Tagore ' s story of that name the most lovable character in Bengali literature .
It is a story from the असभ्य असभ्य and the Hill man who came from the high low hills of Afghanistan : a friendship between a child of five years and an emotional bias of social care and सामाजिक .
These stories are of varied types and have been written in diverse techniques mainly suggestive and और depicting varied aspects of Bengal life and varied types of characters from people of different grades and strata .
It is as an author of his keen observation and जीवंतता dynamism compassion and a blend of nature and life and at the same time it is an extraordinarily important writer who has inherited the phenomenal capacity for grasping and assimilating them to the best of social लेखकीय and injustice .
" I have seen my body swimming in the dark evening loaded with the dead ' stuff of gold in the darkness like the shadow of a shadow .
melt at one point and disappears in the darkness without end . "
What I had suggested for my presence on the stage was nothing from the rising of the curtain ; even after the screen had been gone all the tactics I undertook to प्रभाव the pitch to the masses .
But there is no regret for it has seen the farthest limit of being and is struck with surprise .
Not all the poems are self - exploratory or self - कविताएं .
The last two poems in this slender sheaf show an acute awareness of the tragedy that was hovering over Europe and was soon to engulf it .
He is angry and would like to कहर an कहर upon a औरतों whose gruesome hunger spares neither women nor children .
He wanted to utter words of peace loving and sympathy but he feared he would have been more unsuccessful .
He was true to every mood and phase of which he experienced this passionate sincerity which enabled him to challenge and surpass himself again and again was his most consistent virtue as it was of Mahatma Gandhi .
But as the spring came he was seized with the चहल of the song and his own play was the rendering of the dance form .
This was one of his most powerful and most powerful dance - dramas which was successfully staged in Calcutta in March and the author was seated in a corner of the stage .
With his deep insight and sympathy the Mahatma had realised that it was useless to expect the poet to stick to his earlier assurance that he would not risk his health for stage performances in the cities .
The raising of funds for his school and university was only an excuse or at best an inspiration : the creation of the artist and his work on the platform of the East Himalaya .
There he wrote a magnificent poem on his birthday which was a new book of poems published later in the year as कविता - कि
A foreign girl sings in a foreign voice .
It appears in a poem written in the name of the train ' s train ' it is a living image of life crawling into the compartments dark सरकती with someone sleeping in the compartments भरी with an inexhaustible journey .
Though a stranger they believe him जाते and throw off their beds and dream of a distant morning . "
In another poem called कविता he is happy to see the crowd of pilgrims .
And finally everything will go to the empty spot like a missing container when the meal is over .
Why ?
The शहनाई is a sophisticated Indian instrument the भारतीय which produces a peculiar rhythm like the melodious poems of the book .
And he was not in any way proud of what he had done - he was a true prophet . "
The same year a part of मांग्पू . was spent as in. the previous year in Mungpoo and Kalimpong .
His dearly beloved nephew Surendranath had died in Calcutta .
He continued to speak without saying a word when he was quiet for a whole day he expressed his feelings in a short and moving poem .
Both Andrew ' s death and this death must have reminded him that it would not be long before he too would go the same way .
As he had so often put it he was sitting by the river steps waiting for the ferry to take him to the other shore.
It seemed to him that after centuries of fiery penance on her bare rocky seat the earth had received the boon of flowers it was to greet the advent of man in her lap .
Can such an expression be found anywhere in the Universe about सहस्रों and थी ?
He expressed his horror संत्रास anguish and anguish in two poems he wrote in the latter half of May .
How do men seemingly civilised turn suddenly into dangerous दानव ?
He is hurt humiliated and unhappy but does not कोसते or curse.
He is in a chastened meditative mood inclined to view his fellow - men ' s misdeeds in the wide perspective of history .
Though he was not prepared to give up his hope the dundubhi was beating the time - storm .
However dismal the present the poet cannot give up his hope for the future .
Faith in the ultimate में of man in the essential divinity of his spirit is the desperate need of Tagore ' s own conscience .
Having freed his anguish and affirmed his faith in the medium in which he was master he was not satisfied .
His own country was in a हताशा and frustrated mood and on the verge of a desperate decision .
Old वृद्ध infirm and ailing - LRB - he had been running a temperature for some time now - RRB - he felt he must give a voice to the opposition from रवीन्द्रनाथ .
That is why on June 15 when he was still at Kalimpong he wrote a letter to President Roosevelt of the United States असहाय India ' s helpless predicament as a British colony at a time when the free world elsewhere was faced .
A free India would be an asset to the free world an enslaved India merely a burden and a liability.
On 7 August 1940 a seminar on the Oxford University held in Santiniketan was organised to give him the honorary doctorate .
Pending the arrival of Indian doctors from Calcutta the British Civil Surgeon from Darjeeling was frantically begged to come.
He came reluctantly and having examined the patient से inquired if he understood English .
No दुखद instance was forthcoming .
He reported that the kidney is defective and that the unconscious patient ' s life needs a major operation immediately .
He looked helplessly at Mahadev Desai and the tears streamed down his eyes .
He was so self - controlled that even in the hardest bereavement and sorrow I had never seen him break down .
He could not have been completely healthy but he could sit up in bed some days and talk.
His hands could not get ready to hold out the pen but the words and rhymes kept on his head steadily and hence he was बोलकर .
What is more surprising is that during this period when he was very fond of the great interest of the common people of this country his poems were finely and truly painted with mystic sentiments .
He was not a philosopher in the current sense but he found no bondage more irksome than that of a closed and formulated. system of thought which has an explanation for everything .
How artificial and unreal are our notions of sin and virtue written in 1894 .
In fact compassion is the greatest religion of all beings .
This feeling is reflected directly in the early years of his life by a clear - cut consciousness which shows up his mind and destiny.
In a letter of March 1894 he says " I am overwhelmed by this awareness of the baffling mystery within which I can neither understand nor control .
The poet was so weak that he was read in his presence.
India ' s people or the cities of Europe and Far East were passing through a crisis of varying degrees and reasons .
He went on to analyse how this disillusionment was the result of the cynical disregard by the British rulers of the values which were sometimes the pride of western civilisation .
The wheels of Fate will one day compel the British to give up their Indian Empire .
But what kind of India will they leave behind what stark भारत .
When the stream of their two centuries of administration runs dry at last what a waste of mud and filth they will leave behind us ?
But even in the darkest gloom Tagore ' s testament could not end in a note of despair.
Though his own sympathies were with the Chinese Russians and the Allies he did not think of the Germans and the Japanese as the sole and unmitigated villains .
They never tired of saying that the world had become जाल in their own वादों many of them had made it stronger by the use of लालची and irresponsible politicians for the लालची or the पुरोहितों of the पुरोहितों .
In the midst of this suffering physical and mental and his literary preoccupations his thoughts would now and again wander to his beloved Santiniketan and the little children who studied there .
The school was his first love but when the विश्वभारती Visva - Bharati came into existence it was kept aside .
Now the old solicitude returned.
He recalls how he used to lose himself in joy when teaching children .
He had a heavy voice and added that he could no longer teach him or take care of him . "
He was always conscious of the fact that बच्चे and boxes of chocolates were crawling for the children so that the children who came to him never come out with their hand or mouth.
A आवारा dog not to be left out managed to make itself an honoured member of the house by taking shelter under his rest chair .
A poem by Arogya is on this nameless dog whose sad and mute devotion must have touched the heart of the poet .
This favourite chair of his was the शांतिनिकेतन of Santiniketan the poet ' s tolerance and kindly humour .
Those who attended on his sick - bed treasured as their greatest reward the विनोदपूर्ण and रोग he constantly exchanged with them .
He could not get over his amusement at being fed on the बेबी and have a बेबी tube .
When brought to bear this he asked once ? How many months have I been here ?
Their love for the trees was perhaps too old .
As a child he was very much interested in an old banyan tree which he gazed from a window of his ancestral home where he was kept confined in a circle by a नौकरों of smoke .
He would watch with wistful tenderness the graceful सेमल outside his cottage in Santiniketan.
In the summer months he was distressed at the thought of the trees in the hermitage .
He wanted trees to be saved at all costs .
When it grows you will see how Santal women will gather under it to pick the flowers from which they make their wine. "
He strongly disapproved the freshly prepared foods that had their origin and worked out on the other hand with great impatience and a child ' s desire to eat the wild cat .
He kept the bunch near him and would tempt the visitor ? try one and see how sweet my रसीला taste.
Three days before his birthday which by Bengali calender was due to be observed on 8 May उन्होंने he dictated the last song words and music he composed .
He never used to fall back on the earthly life singing only songs which were never played by the tune himself .
In this last song which was sung on his last birthday and is still sung on his birthday he invoked the Ever New to reveal itself afresh.
" Make yourself so that the sun is कोहरे
This endless expanse of जीवन victory of life
अलगाव
It was not a blind for self - deception.
He has never lost his eyes from the inexorable reality of life not forgetting the sorrow of the earth .
He never neglected the emotions of truth and never rejected the terrible beauty of truth .
A week after his birthday he again looks steadily at the mystery of creation .
But some of the mature Bengali illiterate upper and sophisticated Bengali critics hold that these last poems are brief tense and compact and full - fledged कविताएं which is not to be found in his earlier poems superb and almost perfect .
These poems dictated before his death were published posthumously as कविताएं Last छपीं .
Ancient history of temples as a religious institution and a place of worship in India .
As a structure in which the deity is established or held in some other revered position such as the स्थान , service devotion and worship has been replaced by temples in different parts of the Indian Peninsula .
All this has been according to local needs faith and subject - specific . It has of course contributed to the exchange of ideas and exchange of ideas .
Their builders and artisans were persons of the same order and those of construction methods of construction and of sculpture and architecture but in common with the priests who did the ritual of knowledge and worship of the gods .
Besides the relief sculpture they carry inscriptions of the seventh - eighth centuries and later.
As a place of worship the temple was invariably in the structure of थी . . or की which was merely a small mounds or only a small mound .
Sometimes they were पाषाण a stone slab placed over two other big stone pillars which could still be seen in remote areas .
Some of the platforms had a post or स्तंभ representing the deity .
पूजागृह is mentioned in the ancient Tamil texts that these forms were built for the worship of the युवतियां and which formed the courtyard of the house and who used to take a ceremonial bath after the ritual bath poured water into it .
We are also told that many came here to worship with offerings or बलिक .
The worship of युद्ध or युद्ध is mentioned by the Buddhists in the Tamil epic युद्ध .
The brief account of this shows that it must have been the circular पद्म pitha or seat of expanding petals .
The entrance has brickwork . into which a wooden door - frame was made .
In the apse or भीतर form the outer one or the other was cut into the outer shell by a sort of transverse की or भीतर cut into the body .
The remains of another chaitya noticed near के near के are of the same type .
A somewhat better preserved stupa - shrine or stupa - chaitya where the central object of worship was the representation of a stupa has come up from the excavation of जिले in the district of Andhra Pradesh.
The circular chaitya is brick - built .
The massive wall has been दीवार with a दीवार - like antarala in the front to arrive at the entrance also .
Several subsidiary shrines of identical shape also exist .
The Nagarjunakonda of Andhra Pradesh and other Buddhist sites belonging to the brick - built chaitya halls with चैत्य or स्तूप which were similar to the one on either side of the shrine or on the other side of the shrine - slab with चैत्य and चैत्य .
The excavations in Nagarjunakonda have also revealed the existence of temples of other religions as those of the बौद्ध kings ( third and fourth centuries ) dedicated to Siva Vishnu की Kartikeya and बौद्ध .
All these are on the replica of the बहुकोण - शिखरी Temple .
They belong to the second century BC and the second century BC .
The rest are after the fourth century .
They were probably built between बीच and 450 .
The last ones were excavated around AD 650 .
But some of these functions were continued till the times of Rashtrakuta राष्ट्रकूट to the eighth and 9th centuries .
The early chaityas are large apsidal with an elaborate facade having horseshoe - shaped नाल at the entrance .
A rock - cut stupa was built in the में temple and was worshipped .
The viharas were pillared and there were many hall - LRB - halls - RRB - located in the three - side walls which were one or more entrances in front .
The rock architecture of the second phase consists of two apsidal chaityas ( 19 and 26 ) .
It is very much the same as the first round but there is a great difference in the contrast that apart from the stupa in the apse under a nasika or arch projected from the drum of the stupa .
In the viharas ( except those which are unfinished or destroyed - LRB - iii - RRB - . 14 ( 24 विहारों - RRB - 24 28 मठों and 29 ) the characteristics of the monasteries and shrines are much more pronounced .
These viharas often have an outer shrine with a mukha - mandapa or a frontal mandapa ( a pillared hall with a central shrine ( often with a shrine at the same time with a shrine ( shrine at the main shrine or shrine .
When the hall has pillars instead of the main nave and lateral aisles pattern the arrangement of a central square is a central location surrounded by four or more pillars the short - term घिरा - घिरा or घिरा - as it would appear in the series .
Often other such additional cells are also found on the other side of the hind wall of the hall and on the other side of the main entrance or wall of the enclosure walls ( such as Cave 6 ) .
The sanctum contains a large figure of the Buddha ; the ardha - mandapa has several fine sculpture in it .
In the case of Cave 27 the ardha - mandapa is advanced into the maha - mandapa .
The arrangement of a succession of mandapas one behind the other with multiple shrine - cells at the rear is on the same pattern in the brick - temple complexes .
In some places as in the Ajanta examples the , cave - temple shows a large and square mandapa corresponding to the hall in front of the sanctum the ardha - mandapa was not to be covered with a rectangular ridge .
The temple complex of such an axial plan had no other structure of the pyramidal type.
These cave - temples also which include the चैत्य - चैत्य may be called the मंडप - mandapa temple - LRB - चैत्य - RRB - are designated in later inscriptions with the same name .
The key to this compilation is the first poem to give an idea of the general consciousness and the direction in many other poems of this collection which the poet has depicted in this poem the timeless consciousness of nature as a mystic world .
But in the outside world where her beauty प्रवाहित in many different sights colours and sounds and sounds within the mind she sits alone unique immanent and परिव्याप्त .
And above all in fact he was a lover who saw beauty in the smallest things who felt its touch in the outside world and knew it in his inmost self .
The same spirit that suffused and ruled this vast universe dwelt within him and guided his life and mind .
He felt its immediacy and its intimacy and addressed it as the Lord of his life his God .
In his famous poem of that name he says " O my friend please come to my heart and quench your thirst .
You have crushed my heart like grapes in the press and filled your void with a thousand विषाद of joy and sorrow .
The intervening minor and subordinate dynasties बीच among the three imperial powers as buffer states also took part in this activity and contributed to it in their respective regions .
There was a long tradition of a ban on the use of stone for sacred and religious structures which was due to its long local association with the मृतकों as has been mentioned earlier .
Mahendra I perhaps taking the cue excavated his first cave - temple at Mandagappattu ( South Arcot district ) for the Hindu trinity Siva शिव Vishnu and Brahman .
His craftsmen thus enjoyed the advantage of such excavations and carving in sandstone that grew about a millennium .
Consequently था the first cave - temple was a bold and ambitious in design and massive figure .
Soon after the first cave - temple of गुफा similar cave - temples of the Chalukyas were built in Badami Aihole and other places all excavated into the soft stone rocks .
A विमान is placed in the rear part of the inner mandapa in front of the three or five porch - like shrines and projected inside the mandapa all parts of the vimana front like the decorated adhishthana भित्तिस्तंभ or some of the pillars described above .
The further superstructure of the vimana is not shown . As in the depiction of the inner part of the mandapa with the shrine behind the upper part of the vimana does not appear to be .
Such eight cave - temples are at various stages of construction : the महिषमर्दिनी mandapam the महिषमर्दिनी mandapam ( the Mahishamardini mandapam ( the local name के महिषमर्दिनी ) and the unfinished cave - temple near the रामानुज mandapam called के mandapam .
The Pancha Pandava mandapam records an attempt to cut a square central shrine with a surrounding cloister in the form of a mandapa having two rows of pillars running all round it .
The Varaha mandapam and the वाराह cave - temples have a single shrine - cell while the Mahishamardini and the Ramanuja रामानुज have three shrine - cells in them; the मंडपम mandapam has five in a row behind the mandapa .
Rock architecture was also sustained longer as a mode in the northern region .
It is more rapidly developed and is seen in the large sculpture - LRB - especially in the Rashtrakuta - RRB - as in the Caves at Elephanta जोगेश्वरी and the Ellora - LRB - the Ellora - RRB - the Kailasa complex at जोगेश्वरी and Jain chaumukh .
But rock architecture soon became a secondary to structural stone constructions in the southern zone of the Chalukyas as would be seen in the rest of the excavations .
This was because of the fact that with the help of soft sandstone mining facility the easy प्रसाधन of their toilet and carving and at the same time पाषाण of the stone - temples in stone - temples could have been attempted in the Badami area .
The structural creations of the Rashtrakuta period are however less pretentious of medium or small in size and less well - finished as compared with their rock - cut buildings .
The strategy of the cave - temples is different from the structural temples in the successive rise in the floor level of the axial mandapas and shrines in the much raised level of the sanctum floor though the ceiling level throughout remained the same everywhere .
In the first group would be those that follow the scheme generalized by the later Buddhists in that area namely the बौद्धों - chaitya type with a cella and a frontal - pillared hall.
The third class is the वेदी with a lateral shrine - cell - LRB - sculpture - RRB - and the accused shrine - cells on the rear and a regular or principal sanctum with a circumambulatory passage together being a sandhara or प्राकार and half .
This among other things would indicate the early enunciation of the आनुष्ठानिक or ritual principles which were elaborated and re - codified in later times .
The mandapa in front of the early cave - temples has more bays laterally on the transverse axis and only one bay at either end of the long axis .
In the Ajanta viharas on the other hand the mandapa is a concentric scheme with one bay all round the central bay which is often larger than the rest .
Though this navaranga or नवरंग nine sections pattern was repeated in the main plan of the structural temples of the Chalukya - Rashtrakuta kings the structural pattern of the oblong - mandapa type in the south west पश्चिम in the Deccan दक्कन western Mysore and Konkan .
The central nave : the नाभि or नाभि of the central nave a . or नाभि . at any one end of the vertical axis is applied to the संरचनात्मक where the पार्श्व or नाभि is flat - topped with a slopy section on the ridge or दीवारों .
Such early structural temples are the कल्लामठ in Aihole and the बादामी in Badami .
This feature in rock architecture is evident from the contemporary and earlier brick and timber structural specimens .
As a result the खंभों of the facade is not generally equal the central pillars having a wider पार्श्ववर्ती than the lateral ones .
In Badami there are four cave - temples excavated at various heights on the vertical शैल of the sandstone rock .
The sanctum entrance is guarded by huge dvarapalas .
On the other hand the exhibition of the dwarf wall and the bracket figures of the , facade takes this excavation closer to the Badami group thereby indicating the first quarter of the seventh century .
Caves 20 22 28 , - LRB - , - RRB - and 24 ( also date p . m .
The रावण of the simpler plan is a large pillared mandapa with a sandhara shrine at its rear with a sandhara shrine .
The pillars are of the kumbha - कुभावल्ली type .
On the entrance to the shrine there are several carved images including the two dvarapalas .
On the mandapa walls and carved in the recesses between the pilasters are sculptural compositions Saivite and Saivite .
The cella is rectangular and has a platform on its rear with a socket in it for Vishnu or Durga but not for Siva or a linga .
This excavation in the pre - Rashtrakuta series can be dated near AD 700 .
Cave 25 or the गुफा has several shrine - cells as in गुफा and has lateral galleries attached to the former chamber .
While Cave 27 may be of the transitional period between the Chalukyas and Rashtrakutas Cave 25 should be earlier datable to the second half of the seventh century .
The गुफा . or Cave 15 is not only an old example but is the only two - storeyed cave - temple or cave - complex of a very large size .
It is apparently a case of बौद्ध of what was made and cut out for Buddhistic requirements .
This would be the earliest example of Rashtrakuta work at Ellora .
Its front pavilion carries an inscription of सन् ( AD सन् - सन् ) and is a master work of contemporary architecture or master work .
The detached Nandi - mandapa is four - pillared with flights of steps at the front .
The facade of the temple the अजंता - जो that rises beyond has its two storeys with two rows of pillars one above the other the pillars being square and reminiscent of the Tin - tal cave of Ajanta .
The groundfloor is a compartment with fourteen square pillars ; the upper tala has a large pillared mandapa with central nave and lateral aisles and a shrine with a linga at the rear .
The linga - pitha is circular .
The Jain excavations ( Caves 30 to 34 ) mark the last phase of activity in Ellora commencing from about AD 800 and continuing into the next .
They follow mostly the earlier Hindu examples in planning and design differing only in their sculpture and iconography.
The Indra Sabha ( Cave 32 ) and the Jagannath Sabha ( Cave 33 ) both are दुमंजिले excavations .
The Indra Sabha has in its open forecourt the chaumukh Jain monolithic temple .
The lower storey of the cave is an unfinished hall mostly with simple pillars some of them अलंकरण .
The hall has a pillared ड्यौढी and there are two side shrines projecting on either side of the facade .
The Jagannath Sabha though of the same type lacks the regularity of the plan .
The only exception is the aberrant Undavalli cave - temple which is dedicated to Vishnu .
The Nandi in Saiva cave - temples is rock - cut as in the Pandyan examples farther south .
According to the कालक्रम period the गुफा गुफा cave at विजयवाडा occurs in its present form .
The last if not of direct Eastern Chalukyan vintage can at best be of Telugu - Chola गुफा .
These cave - temples essentially consist of a rock - cut hall or mandapa with one or more often three shrine - cells behind .
The mandapa in some cases is में and in others multi - pillared मंडप or demarcated into front and rear sections by two rows of pillars and pilasters the usual facade row and the parallel inner row .
The pillars are usually simple square in section short and square in section ( कोनों ) or have . at the middle of them .
This results in the middle section being octagonal while the basal and apical sections are square in section .
The entrance which is another characteristic storeyed structure of the south is called the दक्षिण महाद्वार or gopura ( महाद्वार ) according to its stature and size .
Often the additional mandapa was an unattached auxiliary structure standing separately in the forecourt inside the prakara .
The significance of the main vimana including the " ardha - or mukha - mandapa " attached to it was raised by the addition of a platform " upa - pitha below the adhishthana " .
The rest of the figure sculpture was accommodated even on the pillars of the mandapa .
With the increasing importance and elaboration of rituals and multiplication of festivals additions both axial and peripheral were made to this nuclear building .
It took the form of auxiliary mandapas on the axial line and subsidiary shrines or vimanas का के . and मठों surrounding the central unit .
The whole was enclosed by one or more " परिसरों " with one or more gopura entrances resulting in the familiar temple complex of south India .
In cases like the Brihadisvara at Thanjavur the entire temple complex was planned and designed at the same time and executed almost simultaneously .
All this was comparatively small - scale vimana inspired by the desire to develop an impressive height on a slightly smaller scale an विमान plan of the aditala ' s sides beginning with the भुजाओं or oval spaces that could also be adopted in the simpler ones .
This part is called भीतरी and the pillar . indicate the beginning of the कमल and the कमल in which vary in structure like a small plate on top a पद्म shaped disc or a shaped crown upon which it is called a flat plate .
The फलक large thick and square in earlier forms became polygonal or circular and thinner and smaller in later temples .
It supports the corbel - bracket or block संभालता which carries the beam or शहतीर .
Thus there are the squatting or rearing vyalas mythical lion - like forms with transformed faces the elephant the हाथी भूत भूत भूत etc .
Also the components of the भुजाओं and के may instead of the four - sided or square have six pairs of eight भुजाओं sixteen भुजाओं or more sides or circular in section .
In the earlier series of temples mostly the विमान or विमान vimanas prevailed.
These small and medium size gopuras were single - or two - or three - storeyed called थे थे हैं हैं etc. .
From the close of the tenth century onwards when larger vimanas came to be constructed the gateway came to assume correspondingly larger proportions becoming many - storeyed and called महाद्वार or gopura or विमान .
The gateways also tended to increase in height and size ultimately to become the dominating structures of the temple complex .
This may be seen particularly in the case of those ancient temples where the main vimana nucleus was ancient was left to be intact and the prakara and gopura परिसरों came to be successively added round it in later times as in the Chidambaram Tiruvannamalai Madurai .
Thus the importance arose from the vimana to the चढकर - विमान which resulted in the establishment of the original temple complex at बृहदीश्वर when the विमान - विमान was out of the three - storeyed main vimana stupi on the विमान .
The monolithic vimana while the Chalukyas of Badami started constructing structural temples of the same soft sandstone the विमान of which were cut out in their ancestors.
Besides carving out a few vimana forms as miniature reliefs or full - scale facades they also started carving out three - dimensional monolithic vimanas of normal stature and of diverse types .
This was the result of his experience in the cutting out of a cave - temple in hard stone .
It is a clash of ideas a clash of conflicting निष्ठाओं - from the point of view it may be of his earlier play .
Hero too the forces of Brahminism and Hindu orthodoxy are ranged against the challenge of compassion of universal love in this case as specifically taught by the Buddha.
According to him the saintly Buddha had in him the best specimens of the Hindu caste and its thought .
He wrote numerous poems and poems on Buddhist legends and अभिप्रायों .
Malini the King ' s daughter in the play .
But the most live and convincing character in the play is not this lovely and saintly but its chief enemy a leader of the Hindu orthodoxy in whose proud personality his religion is symbolised - a terror and obstinacy .
The conflict is not only between obedience to सामाऋक - eaten scriptures and a religion of one ' s choice but between the poetry of pity and the prose of social necessity .
- is the same as the रहनेवाली play in the sky - but is that the only enduring reality ?
The two smallest ones lack the prastara part .
Thus this ratha alone would illustrate the various forms of nasikas as described in the texts .
The two - storeyed Ganesa ratha is nirandhara single - walled and with a narrow mukha - ma आदितल in front and of the same length as the aditala .
The mandapa is walled on its shorter sides and round the front corners leaving an open facade in front with vyala - based pillars and भित्तिस्तंभ .
The Pallava practice of cutting out the monolithic temple forms was practised not only by the पल्लवों of the Pallavas in south India but also from a very far away by others and some of the more monolithic temples of the south and north - west of India .
Following this pioneering work of the Pallavas a few attempts at the cutting out of monolithic vimana forms in the same and succeeding centuries are noticeable in the Eastern Chalukyan region north of the Pallava territory .
The smaller vimana is double - storeyed all square on plan with octagonal griva and sikhara and stupi on top .
While the aditala is devoid of the hara elements on top it has like the top tola four seated आदितल placed at the corners .
The hara elements are found over the second tala on all the four sides and also over the ardha - mandapa in front of the aditala .
The talas are proportionately tail the top tala rising over the hara elements of the tala below being octagonal griva and sikhara being polished polished and polished .
The pilasters on the walls have rearing lion bases as is characteristic of the Rajasimha temples .
It is essentially square on its base and तलों but its east - facing aditala has smaller oblong shrines with cells attached to the middle of its south west and northern sides over corresponding offset extensions of the adhishthana .
The corresponding oblong attachment on the east with the passage through it forms the antarala entrance to the main temple .
The two lateral shrines facing east as also the rear shrine facing west are like the main sanctum .
The अर्धवृत्ताकार temple at जिला district is a very good example of a single - storeyed vimana square in its adhishthana and aditala that carries an apsidal griva sikhara superstructure .
It was built of sterner stuff.
The recesses of its walls have some good दीवारों the example of the विमान of the vimana and ardha - mandapa in the vimana and the ardha - mandapa in the recesses of the southern and northern walls of the ardha - mandapa respectively the southern and the northern आदितल of the aditala .
The introduction of a projected पानी - like water - outlet the pranala from the northern side of पानी - griha floor to drain off the पानी water till now not noticed in earlier temples is another noteworthy feature .
Though the credit of building and providing perfection to the smaller विमान is given to the contemporary विमान of the Deccan who have carved temples in their rock and the विमान ( पाषाण - 800 later in the stone - complex of the southern stone .
The series of small and elegant पाषाण पाषाण पाषाण पाषाण पाषाण and पाषाण जिला ( पाषाण district ) in a series of stone temples with moulded adhishthana having a square ekatala vimanas of less than 2 square metres on the basis and the griva is square in section over it .
In the case of the विमान विमान as mentioned above they have eight small परिवार - विमान instead of the vimana - type one dedicated to the भीतर at the centre of the four corners and the prakara wall .
The oblong form with sala sikhara became the invariable rule according to prescription and practice for all the devi temples .
His stories created a new form in literature and produced a model which has not surpassed Indian literary achievement .
Apart from his creative prose the range and quantity of his reflective prose of the period is astonishing.
There was hardly any subject which he wrote including the philosophy and the sciences which he said began to give him new ideas and understanding .
There are five elements dramatically illustrated : the air and water the inquisitive and emotional , the others are भावुक and भावुक .
At the same time the author himself plays the pivotal role of an intermediary who sometimes succeeded in मध्यस्थ his original character and sometimes स्पष्ट different views - an Indian Plato with a आंखों wink in his eyes .
The square aditala outer wall carries on top of its prastara four karnakutas at the corners and four salas in between over the central bays of the wall the adhishthana below is extended forward and widened to form the base of a wider square mandapa .
The central bays of its walls have devakoshthas for sculptures of Siva as on the vimana wall and the recesses have perforated pillars .
Both these temples show some advanced features such as the elaborately carved over - door of the shrine entrance in addition to the niche decoration already noticed and with a water - फर्श or channel on the floor of the shrine opening on the northern side .
The विमान standing on an outer horns in the hills of Badami is a very simple structure with a single - walled square vimana selected from a large section of sandstone each of which has an open closed mandapa of an almost the same width .
The ham of four karnakutas and four salas of the aditala of the vimana is extended over the mandapa in front the two lateral karnakutas of the mandapa in front .
The second tola of the vimana has a similar hara of four kutas and four salas .
Four other large karnakutas closely adhere to the griva sikhara and conceal the corner faces of the octagonal griva partially over - ढक the squat dome of the octagonal sikhara .
The cardinal faces of the griva have four nasikas of equal size .
The three bays on the vimana wall on each of its faces correspond to the two karnakutas and central sola with plain rectangular niches for sculptures of gods .
His countrymen like to quote these clever and shrewd statements and they are like wisdom or wisdom a medicine but it is more interesting when it is offered the title कणिका .
As Rabindranath was writing these lines he wanted nothing more in his life to watch its lovely panorama from his boat on the river but gradually becoming restless for a more active and crowded existence .
The sleeping giant of nationalism was beginning to stir in his land and the British Government was getting nervous and depressed .
Beneath its cloak of benevolence the sword . .
In 1898 the Sedition Bill was passed to stifle nationalist agitation and the great scholar - patriot Tilak was arrested .
On the day the Bill became a law the poet jumped into the fray and read his famous paper on the same day in Calcutta .
He raised his voice against the repressive policy of the government and actively participated in raising funds for Tilak .
When soon after the plague broke out in Calcutta he assisted Sister Nivedita in organising relief and medical aid for the victims of this dead disaster .
The poet was turning himself into a पुरोधा for his people and a top priest of the national aspirations not only raising his voice but leading service directly .
It is the highest ever known or found so far the विमान rising at 66 meters high with a square plinth of 28 meters with a boldly moulded upa - pitha .
The same upa - pitha and adhishthana have been further elevated as the basic structure of the ardha - maha - mandapa the mandapa may rise from the top of the ardha - mandapa the upa - pitha platform over the ardha - pitha and the upa - pitha over them .
The maha - and mukha - mandapas are closed on their sides the rows of pillars inside forming a central nave and lateral aisles which in the maha - mandapa part are raised as a continuous platform on either side of the central passage formed by the navel .
The pillars and the roof over the frontal landing constituting an open agra - mandapa or agra - mandapa are later प्रतिस्थापन over the adhishthana and upa - pitha with a flight of steps added above the original ones .
While the transversely designed mukha - mandapa as also the connecting है rise in four storeys the maha - mandapa was originally महामंडप .
The top storey was evidently an open terrace with a row of Nandis placed on the coping of its case .
The basal part of the vimana enclosing the garbha - griha is of two talas and is double - walled in the sandhara mode each of the outer and inner walls is one of the same thickness and मोटाई .
These two walls enclose inner पथ in two tiers since the inner wall of the sanctum too rises vertically to the same height of two storeys in order to accommodate the colossal linga and its equally immense linga - pitha .
The outer wall resemble the adhishthana below and in sections on each side relieved of the bays with two door - openings in between the southern पश्चिम the western and the northern भीतरी the central bays each having a door - opening on either of the two storeys .
Parallel in mood and temper to his political activities were his literary offerings of the period ballads narrative poems and dramatic episodes पुनर्रचना the country ' s past .
As the Greek philosopher has expressed his views in his book The देवताओं of gods and the praises of worthy actions are only poems which can be accepted in our state .
For if you have to admit the pleasurable muse also in songs and verses we need pleasure and sorrow instead of law . "
Did the philosopher overlook that pleasure and pain are the very pulse of life and without them the reign of law could only ensure the uniformity of life void .
Plato ' s approval of Rabindranath would have been short - lived .
Two important volumes of this period Katha ( रवीन्द्रनाथ ) and Kahini ) are masterpieces of narrative verse and dramatic dialogue .
The lyric poet the dramatist and the story - teller have pooled their genius to make some of these pieces rank among Tagore 's finest legacies to his people cherished as much by the young as by the old.
Any situation referred to in the Mahabharata in which there was a slight hint which an extension of the dramatic probability may be seen by his ability to develop his powers by his Kama ( or Gandhari ) and the original story of the Indian poem .
Apart from the exquisite poetry of ऊर्जा skill and dramatic power these poems are characterized by their ever - increasing commitment to basic moral and spiritual values .
The square vimana with a boldly moulded adhishthana over a high upa - pitha is likewise sandhara in its two vertical lower talas .
The Brihadisvara vimana of विमान - विमान differs from its predecessor and supposed model of the same name in Thanjavur in one important aspect .
It has only a single entrance on the east on both the functional lower storeys and is not या or या as the Thanjavur temple .
The कोनों superstructure of the upper talas resting on the third tala rendered in a similar बनाऋ manner curved out of the outer lines of the corners in contrast to the extreme simple lines of the Thanjavur vimana .
This is an aesthetic achievement resulting from the clever में of octagonal kutas in the hara elements of the upper talas as karnakutas at the corners .
It may be said that the outer shape of the vimana is more than its predecessor in the matter of variety of quality excellence and clarity and of the design of the vimana .
However आंतरिक Internally it lacks the other embellishments like the paintings and dances .
The smaller temple units called the Uttara Kailasa and Dakshina Kailasa on either side of the main vimana also belong to about the same period .
The wholly apsidal and multi - storeyed main vimana built of the काले of the काले temple near Madras is another fine temple though it is a smaller structure of Rajendra I Chola .
The foundation inscription is interesting in the sense that it defines the stone used as a black stone and describes the parts of the vimana from which it is embellished .
The adhishthana and the upa - pitha platform in front of the three external entrances the adhishthana and the upa - pitha are two steps below with two shorter vimana patterns on each side of the ground floor living above the upa - pitha platform .
The plinth of the नवंरग and the peripheral pillars is provided by its three subsidiary pilasters with a few generations later ( बल्लाल ) with a दीवारें - like ridges closed down over the north - east corner of the दीवारें and दीवारें - दीवारें walls .
The adhishthana tiers of the vimana विमान and mandapa are profusely carved with long lines of friezes of animals पशुओं men and narrative scenes .
The overhanging kapota of the mandapa is supported by numerous finely - carved female figures in graceful poses called नारी .
The superstructure of the main vimana is now lost .
The pillars inside the mandapa are exquisitely lathe - turned or intricately carved and a few of them carry fine bold figure sculpture .
The raised ceiling - like central ceiling of the mandapa rising in eight tiers by stepped - up triangular slabs cutting the corners successively forms a sort of octagonal hollow dome with all the tiers intricately carved.
The temple thus is a veritable museum of sculptures large and small and intricate पशु floral का and animal carvings.
The top too will have been square .
The mandapa with its offset sides has four carved pillars set up in its central round with a raised floor and ceiling which is a grid of nine squares each containing a lotus .
The गांव temple in another part of the village consecrated in about गांव by 1202 Reddi is a more elegant structure with carving and sculpture richer than in the larger ones .
It consists of the vimana facing east and the open mukha - mandapa connected by an antarala .
The mandapa is of the navaranga pattern with four central pillars on the centre of the floor and twelve more pillars on the periphery.
Adjacent to the मुखमंडप is a triple - मंदिरों unit with three shrines opening on the south west and north of a common mukha - mandapa .
The three shrines all alike are comparatively plain structures built of large slabs of stone with no decorations on their outer side .
These temples called शिव शिव and शिव ( now मुक्कांति ) were built by थे Reddi at the beginning of the thirteenth century .
The ruined brickwork superstructure has lost many of its distinctive features .
The temple complex at वारंगल ( Warangal district ) inside the mud fort at the centre of the village is another example of a Kakatiya temple complex .
सामने a mandapa in front of the eastern भग्नावशेष .
The surrounding parivara shrines are of varied character with or without a front mandapa .
Some of them have tiered superstructures still extant with sukanasika projections in some of which the kuta sola elements of the southern vimana are obvious .
Many of these have square slopes .
In one case at least the crowning part is of the amalaka type .
There are about a dozen temples inside the किले but none of them is really great ; many of them are only small structures like Virabhadra भीतर Rama भीतर भीतर Vishnu के भीतर भीतर देवी देवी देवी देवी देवी and the shrine देवी .
The two smaller shrines in में ( में ) in the same district are trikuta with their superstructures lost.
The superstructure over the stone - building in many cases is of brick and mortar especially in large temples .
These miniature shrine tops here and elsewhere are of the vimana type with a square or circular sikhara or of the prasada type with an amalaka on top.
Another distinctive decorative motif is a क्रॉस मॉटिफ or a क्रॉस with four - sided क्रॉस that is used further to the Ikkeri area of the Vijayanagar empire and the temples of the विजयनगर Nayakas .
There are about fifty temples of the के known but they are mostly in various stages of destruction .
However some of them are of the चालुक्य - Chalukya vimana pattern which have been dealt with separately .
After the early Muslim inroads into the south which had abated the hitherto continuous temple - building activity there was apparently a temporary lull for about half a century .
The rise of the Vijayanagar Empire to stop the Muslim conquest campaign in the middle of the 14th century added a new impetus to temple architecture by creating a new interaction or addition to the existing ones .
The architectural traditions of the empire carrying with their capital in Vijayanagar or Hampi have been inherited as far as the later उत्तराधिकार in their southern provinces .
Thus their temples in the northern domains of अधिकार Deccan . Andhra and Karnataka regions retain much that is inspired by the Chalukyan चालुक्यों . while their most southern constructions in Tamil Nadu and southern Kerala continued the traits of the Pallava - Chola - Pandya architecture .
But as has been pointed out earlier so far as the northern regions were concerned they made a particular change - the practice of construction of hard stone at all the places in their vast empire and the technique of building was adopted and hitherto prevalent .
In their vast capital of Hampi now ruined by Al - राजधानी scores of temples all of hard stone exhibiting the traits of one of the two काकतीय Chalukya - Rashtrakuta - Hoysala - Kakatiya series and the Pallava - Chola - Pandya series .
Their subsequent capitals and their provincial capitals as at वेल्लोर जिला जिला and Vellore ( North Arcot district ) and their provincial capitals or their representations also as at Vellore ( North Arcot district ) Madurai Ikkeri वेल्लोर .
Some of their temples are remarkable for the large size of their component structures i. e. the mandapas and gopuras .
This was a reference to a fixed deviation and compelled विजयनगर and विजयनगर to think in terms of new materials and to lead them to their best work of numbers and qualities which reflected their targets and the achievement of विजयनगर .
He was a सन्यासी of the Sringeri Sankaracharya lineage ordained by the great धर्म Guru गुरु or सन्यासी and he himself became the सन्यासी himself after him .
Under the patronage of the saint the Virupaksha first held the coronation ceremony on 18 April . in the new capital and took the vow of rule over the State as his representative in the face of Lord Virupaksha where the image of Sri Virupaksha was मुद्रा .
The strong chill was blowing in the air and the queen who was gathering warm हुई at the thought of how to spot the fire that might fail .
She looked around at an ordinary dung and ordered her companions to set fire to her .
As the flames fanned by the wind shot up high the Queen was delighted and returned to the palace pleased with a morning well spent.
The King sent for the Queen and asked her why she did this . "
The Queen smiled and replied " What harm has happened that the sky was torn .
The king replied : You yourself will be wise and ordered the queen to leave the palace out by depriving her of all her precious resources and priceless wealth .
" Go and earn your livelihood .
Only then you will know how great the loss you have committed to this poor man ' s burning for moment ' s enjoyment .
" I shall take you as my queen on the very day that you will be able to stand up again .
But the belief in gods and the praises of worthy actions could not wholly satisfy a poet whose genius was primarily and in व्यक्तिपरक lyrical arid individual.
This form is akin to the variety found in the पश्चिमी temples of the heritage of Orissa in the north - east and western India of the Deccan in the north - west of Gujarat .
The cave - temple found in Hampi and around it . which constitute the Maximum cache of Vijayanagar fame : The bifurcation is very fortunately one of the two original reserves of one or the other in harmony with each of its two original ones .
But in the early years of the rising empire where the challenge to build विशालाकार was to the साम्राज्य and pride of the emerging empire the विजयनगर of Vijayanagar answered it using some effective and daring building it would prove to be excellent and geographic references .
The central shrine would have been मंदिर the second date would indicate that the stone temple now standing on the spot was in a completed stage by that year .
Thus it may be seen that the temple was founded within a few years after the foundation of विजयनगर the city and the empire .
The temple built by local red granite is the largest of the Vijayanagar temples consisting of the sanctum and axial mandapas in one unit .
On plan from the plinth to the aditala and mandapa prastara it is a double apse or मिलती the two large आदितल meeting each other by their open ends resulting in an elliptical shape ( an elliptical shape ) that is rather अपेक्षाकृत .
The outer curved apse ends face east and west respectively .
His life - god slowly claims his dues. " I threw my heart into this world you have made it your own.
But no idol - worshipper is so easily distinguishable from his own nature ( Devi ) the lover of life does not sacrifice so early to the बलिदान simplicity of any particular devotion .
For sheer delight in the creation of forms light - heartedness of mood playfulness of thought and liveliness of language for the exquisite frivolity of genius Tagore never wrote anything finer whether before or after than the book of poems with which he closed the year of his life .
He made the most powerful use of the colloquial language with its abbreviated sounds and drew such strength vigour and music which as is believed to have revolutionised the future of Bengali poetry .
It was in this language that the people finally developed their language which they made the language of literature .
In one such poem of his description he asked for the मनोदशा of his mind the pace and मनोदशा of which he could not reconcile himself to the cherished breeze of the longing which दमन him in the rainy season the face of the earth .
And along with his बंगाली Tagore ' s legend no one else could have been his Bengali reader .
But this exquisite overflow of high spirits of genial cynicism and unconcern was itself a fleeting शताब्दी parting gift to the dying century to which he was grateful .
His visit to the new century was very different .
Two of his books which were quite opposite to each other ' very soon appear in the beginning of each other ' in : Kshanika which marks the end of 1900 and the beginning of 1901.
Some of these were later collected in English .
He is subdued by the God of man and there is no room for high flights of imagination or dexterity of thought or emotional exuberance or metrical प्राचुर्य .
He has realised his own helplessness and will henceforth seek his light only from him .
All this is because it is with them .
" burn your lamp in my house lit your जलने my lamp calling out the air and your fumes
He further stated in his written reply that he was totally powerless and if he did not believe in the presence of the बागी he murdered him and his queen Zeenat Mahal he even declared that he would depose me and Mughal the Mughal .
It is therefore worth noting as to how far my hands had been or why did I agree with them ?
I was in their possession and what could I do with ?
They came suddenly and made me a prisoner .
I found myself in such a predicament that I was weary of my life and that I had no hope of the safety of my officers .
I took nothing from them nor did they bring any of the plunder to me .
One day he went to the queen Zeenat Mahal intending to plunder them in the palace but failed to break the door .
It should therefore be noted that they were not subservient to my orders .
I did not go into the procession of my own free will .
The few servants I engaged I engaged for the protection of my own people against the rebellious सैनिकों .
When these troops prepared to सैनिक for an opportunity I got away secretly under the window of the palace and went to Humayun ' s tomb .
From this place I was summoned with the assurance that my life would be spared and I promptly transferred myself to the government .
The insurgent troops wanted to carry me with them but I did n ' t go . "
Finally he said: " I have already stated that the officers of the Army were responsible for the सेना who had been inscribed under my seal as I have done and I am sure they were bound to do so .
The. entire defence shows how weak and कायर Bahadur Shah had become at the time when he was tried .
He had neither the courage left nor the pride of being a Mughal .
He merely tried to convince them that he had nothing but a puppet in the hands of the soldiers and officers who had no option but to sign decrees and orders .
It appears that he was solely interested in saving his own life and that of his queen who by that time hated him .
In his written statement to gain the sympathy of the court he even said that his army had accused him and his wife to help the British .
He said : " They charged me with sending my servant particularly my Hakim Ajmal Khan - LRB - उल्ला - RRB - to pay their respects to the British in order to receive the letter and the queen Zeenat Mahal .
The emperor was neither in a position to cross - examine the witnesses nor was he advised to do so .
The entire evidence was against him ; nobody raised a question and on the basis of the अनजांचे evidence the Advocate General secured his opinion .
The Deputy Judge Advocate General Major F. J. अभियोक्ता prosecutor for the government then addressed the court .
He spoke from the beginning of the mutiny to the brief history of Bahadur Shah ' s arrest and presenting a gist of the evidence against the Emperor that all the charges levelled against the prisoner were amply proved by the statements and documents made to the Commission .
He said : " We stop to enquire whether it has been proved in the court and will be repeated in after years that the last King of the Imperial House of Taimur was an दुष्टता in this wickedness .
These murders were committed by their own assistants of the बंदी in the face of its own walls and surrounded by the memory of the Company ' s government .
I shall not however attempt to infer that these murders must have been previously sanctioned by the बंदी mere inference on such a point cannot be accepted in a court of justice.
He does not agree that the foreigner should be blamed for all the ills of his country and said that those who inflict wrong and which suffer it without opposition are both guilty .
When the poet wrote this he had no idea that within a few years this truth would be proclaimed and vindicated by Gandhi .
In this he condemned the बोअर nationalism of the Nation ' s hatred of the Boer War and the post - बोअर tragedy of the Boer War as a राष्ट्रीयता against the West .
It is also a strange fact that during this period of intense religious and moral idealism he wrote two novels : the नीड Nest ( घोसला ) and the foundation of a मनोवैज्ञानिक Bali . These novels laid the foundations of realistic literature .
The novels written before these whether by Bankim Chatterji or by Tagore himself were historical romances or social नाटक or that of the two mixed ones .
The modern novel may be realistic or psychological or concerned with a problem begins with these two novels in Indian literature .
The story of the destroyed nest is a family story of the busy editor of a daily newspaper who has little time for her young and extremely happy wife .
A vivid and versatile man the nephew of the husband the nephew of the husband brings with him some solace and comfort to his wife .
They inspire and अनुप्राणित to write each other and both turn out to be budding writers .
But at the same time the inevitable complications arise and the happy nest is destroyed .
He added : " His son Mirza Moghul and Delhi and their sons .
When Bahadur Shah was nominated a king and on May 11 1858 he was informed of the evidence and circumstances connected with the establishment of his rule : ' Mirza Mughal was openly taken up as the Commander - in - Chief and a - बाद procession to his respect .
Subedar Bakht Khan was appointed both Lord Governor General and Commander - in - Chief on 11th July 1857 .
Whatever was done under the authority of these two persons was done under the authority of the king . "
An order of the King dated 6th September 1857 among other documents was read .
Who else could have given such an order ? "
Some papers described as ' court - diary " proved that 49 Europeans were murdered with the consent of the king .
49 They were prisoners and the soldiers demanded that they should be given over .
The king accepted his demand and asked the soldiers to do what they wanted .
He also relied on certain circulars purported to have been sent to the ruler of Kutch chief of Jaisalmer and the ruler of Jammu .
As regards the help and encouragement given to the rebels in the 11th and 20th Division by the Indian Army by the Ruler : " We have the evidence to show that the first of the soldiers of India had been shot under the fire .
Nothing was hidden from this moment and there was no attempt to hide .
After the speech of the Deputy Judge Advocate General the court adjourned to consider and arrive at its findings.
When the court 1858 on 9th March 1858 it pronounced its decision : " On the evidence produced the court came to the conclusion that the ex - ruler of Delhi was guilty of all the charges levelled against him .
This verdict was approved and confirmed by Major General N. P. 1858 commanding the Meerut Division on 2nd April 1858 at Camp 1858 and the court was adjourned sine die .
Bahadur Shah has been criticised by many writers for accepting the trial .
He was not a British subject and therefore there was no justification for his trial before the Tribunal .
It is still better constructed in its totality and structure than ever before in a more complex scenario .
The story revolves around the crisis of human relationship and slowly में throughout the gentle and serious picture of a middle class Bengali family where a widow mother lives with her only child - wife and is reading for her .
One would imagine that such a thing could happen in this Indian house because of his numerous inhibitions and restricted social contacts .
And yet passions savage and violent are unleashed within hearts seemingly placid and battles rage until the home is nearly burnt down without flame or smoke .
On the whole the first year of the twentieth century Tagore ' s life was an important one and every kind of भी it proved to be an end of his freedom for literary achievement and spiritual eminence and his art as a man .
His lover will become a teacher and the poet has now become the robes of a prophet .
All he knew was that he was no longer in a position to follow the ancestral property and that destiny was calling him to be active in a larger field .
Life in Calcutta continued to be a city of incessant noise and there was a feeling of strange अरुचि and aversion .
He wanted peace for his work and wanted to be active in the leisure between the writer and the subject of his study .
What better place than Santiniketan for this ?
On the basis of the statements contained in the Brahmo Public Opinion you gave you evidence to the people by telling them about the state of things without having to go into the मुकदमे of the ब्रह्यो case .
There was no basis for this censure ; but is evident from the evidence ( which you have stated absolutely right ) that the details in the Brahmo Public Opinion and your observations on it were entirely irrelevant .
" It is perfectly true that the European judges specially the barrister are not more familiar with the religious ideas and sentiments of Hindu society and they can do more to consult the people and to advise them on the subject .
But your affidavit and yours ' s statement clearly explains that you accept that the learned judge did all his best to know the truth of the case and to injure the religious feelings of your people .
So it is for us to consider what punishment you should be given .
" It is indeed sad that a man like yours who was once a member of the civil service is a Sub - Judge and is an respected magistrate who सम्मानार्थ his mastery over the paper as the editor of a High Court .
You have tried to justify your offence in your affidavit by stating that the charge made by you was based on the report of the पब्लिक Public Opinion " considered correct and the धृष्टता comment you have made .
" But you have not tried to convince yourself that your charges were totally false and unfounded and made without any sort of enquiry as you still maintain your conviction that the allegations were made entirely against the good of the people .
" You have made mention in your affidavit of another article extracted from the Brahmo Public Opinion which is also apparently intended to highlight Mr Justice Norris and the subject of which has nothing to do with the present proceedings of the court .
The British judge was above the level of highly sacred . .
को . was discharged without any punishment .
Justice Mitter . who had the rare courage to dissent did not agree with the majority opinion and the sentence committed .
He opposed such severe punishment in such a case .
He said " It is the regret of most of the members of the court to have that in determining the sentence the opinion of fellow judge Mitter is incompatible with them .
The learned judge ' s indication is well known to him but the first one is that the facts of the case are very different from those of इंग्लैंड and other cases where such cases were dealt with in England .
Though the affidavit filed by Surendra Nath Banerjea was clear and unequivocal still the judges were bent upon teaching a lesson and characterised the affidavit as lacking in honesty and frankness .
It was a well - known fact that Surendra Nath Banerjea was not only a good orator and politician but a scholar and master of English language .
He was fully advised by his counsel and there was nothing vague in his affidavit .
However the Chief Justice Davar said :
After you know : If you think you may agree to the consideration that your allegations made by you on Mr Justice द्वारकानाथ ' were unfair and निराधार ' and you ' beg ' you for your रिहाई '
This sentence was passed on Saturday the 24th April 1869 and on the 27th April the Mr Taylor was acquitted and his rest was acquitted .
The complexion of guilt in the case of Mr Taylor is certainly not of a lighter character than that of Surendra Nath Banerjea .
On 18th July 1893 Justice B . 1893 said that in the wake of the rules of the Criminal Procedure Code 1882 he had come to the conclusion that the High Court अभियोग the offence without resistance to the law was a right to contempt .
In 1889 Rabindranath sailed with his wife and five sons three daughters and two sons - in - law रवीन्द्रनाथ - जमींदारी where his जमींदारी had travelled .
But it was not only important for them to teach their children in rush but to start experiments and to do what they thought they were doing in Santiniketan a small way .
His imagination had already been साथ by आश्रम pictures of आश्रम or forest आश्रम in which learned sages lived with their disciples and taught them the lesson of simple life and high thought .
He would thus revive the ancient ideal and replace the प्राणहीन and mechanical system of education which the British rulers had imported from their Victorian slums by a new and constructive one for both teaching and learning .
He had to combine that ancient energy with the modern setting and recast the old in a new mould .
Only on 22 December 1901 with five students he founded his school at Santiniketan ; one of them was his eldest son and a few teachers with him .
He named it की आश्रम after the ancient forest आश्रमों .
The orthodox Hindu must have से at this sacrilege for of the five teachers three were Christians and one was an Englishman his sons .
But that was always Tagore ' s मृतकों interpret tradition in his own fashion and respect for the dead on his own terms .
Their sentences were accordingly reduced from death to transportation for life .
Their judges gave different decisions .
They agreed in को B . A . H . थे .
Among other 12 others उल्लासकर Ullaskar Upendra Hem Chandra . Indra Rai . . परेश परेश परेश परेश परेश परेश परेश Sudhir and सुधीर they confirmed their decision under Section 121 - A . But their sentences were reduced .
Other five सजा . . Krishna सेन सेन Sen . Sushil Sen and Indra Nandy were to be acquitted by the Chief Justice But the judge did not want to change their sentence under Section 121 - A .
Interesting case of the case : The judicial proceedings before the magistrate Mr श्री occupied 76 days .
The trial in the Sessions Court lasted 131 days .
The appeal in the High Court was heard for 47 days .
The two judges disagreed and the reference by a third judge was heard for 20 days.
The number of documents filed : when counted separately was more than 4000 pages and the material and articles exhibited i. e. bombs tools हथियार etc. were between 300 and 400 .
His जेल witness जेल &gt; was murdered by two जेल " before the magistrate of the जेल .
The prosecution consequently lost its evidence .
Banerjee a police officer was shot before he could give his evidence and his murderer was never caught .
The most dramatic event was the murder of Babu Ashutosh Biswas the public prosecutor who one day was conducting the prosecution during the absence of Mr Norton .
He was shot in the back in the immediate vicinity of the Sessions Court by a young man who forfeited his life in return at the gallows.
Mr Norton was allowed to keep a loaded pistol in his brief throughout the trial .
At सावरकर Savarkar gathered around him several Indian students to collect a book on the technique of bomb - making and sent में copies of it to India .
This was followed by transportation of Madanlal सावरकर of Savarkar ' s group for killing Curzon कर्जन with a bomb .
During this period revolutionaries in India became very active .
In 1910 ने shot the Collector of Nasik to avenge the transportation of his brother .
From the steamer in which he was being taken he escaped through a भागे and landed on French soil near मर्साई but he was captured by his guards.
भारत back to India he was tried by a Special Tribunal on charges of sedition .
On the first day of July 1910 the steamer which led Savarkar to India " S. S . सावरकर started her historic voyage .
There were strong security arrangements on the ship .
S . S . . caused some engine damage and he had to anchor at Marseilles on the evening of 7th July 1910 .
It was a job not only of danger but of great risk and Savarkar काम and काम .
He opened fire on the escaping prisoner .
The thief who chased him ran away to the thief and Savarkar was forcibly grabbed away by the French policeman contrary to rules of International Law .
It was unfortunate that Savarkar ' s colleagues who were late in an hour .
The news of Savarkar 's daring attempt to escape on 8th July 1910 but the unsuccessful attempt swept away the conscience of the world.
The ship sailed for India and reached Aden where Savarkar was transferred to another steamer " S . जहाज " at भारत .
The guards huddled him into a tiny cabin only a space of four feet square which allowed him to stand only .
सावरकर closed in सावरकर : Savarkar braved the circumstances to reach India with undaunted support .
S . S . सास्ती reached Bombay without any accident .
On 22nd July 1910 the prince of Indian revolutionaries Savarkar was received at the Bombay harbour .
A closed नासिक van transferred him to a guarded special train which delivered him to the Nasik police custody .
She grumbled only when he came in the way of her dressing her children in fine clothes .
She was n ' t going to die too long .
He soon acquired proficiency not only in his own language but also in English and Sanskrit .
Inspired by her husband ' s inspiration she translated the original Sanskrit Ramayana into Bengali संस्कृत .
He also acted in the play Raja O Rani and gave an excellent interpretation of the role .
No wonder he won his husband ' s heart in the end who gave ample proof of his devotion when he was on a bed .
There were no electric fans in those days and contemporary witnesses have left on record their admiration of the husband who was ever breathing in his hand .
On the night he died he spent the night over the terrace walking up to the edge of his terrace and told him that no one was to disturb him .
The fact that he was brought to India on a non - legal warrant was not a question of his opinion .
The Special Tribunal passed a decision on a man whose case was sub - अदालत in the Supreme Court .
In a country ruled by imperialism justice also assumes an निरंकुश face and जोखिम truth .
It is significant to note that not content with the order of transportation for Savarkar the Indian Government of Lord निर्वासन instituted a second trial .
This time charging him with abetment of the murder of Mr Jackson the Collector of Nasik .
They were put up before the same Special Tribunal .
The same play was repeated again .
Mahatma Gandhi ' s trial and the publisher of Mahatma Gandhi and Young India ' were tried and convicted in 1922 under Section 124 - A of the Indian Penal Code .
It was the first trial which involved the legality and morality of the Indian non - co - operation movement .
J . M . न्यायालय an Hon 'ble Chief Justice of the Gujarat High Court noted :
Barring the trial of Socrates there is perhaps no trial in the history of mankind comparable to that of Gandhi which stimulated so much interest and had such a deep impact on human life .
The similarity in the attitude which Socrates and Gandhiji pursued them is that they both gave greater status to truth than law and were welcomed to breach of law . "
The trial of Gandhiji is similar to that of Socrates because it concerns itself with the conflict between the issue of allegiance to the State on the one hand and on the other with a sense of morality and duty to which the person believes .
मार्च was awarded by the Governor - General in charge of the charge against Gandhiji and his publisher हेली 1922 who published the Senior Indian Code of Criminal Procedure ( पुलिस ) under the terms of the Code of Criminal Procedure अहमदाबाद -
( No . D . Articles will mark the date of marks in which they appeared .
: : A : 15th June 1921
1921 1921 ON 29 September 1921
A 1921 and its Solution 15th December 1921 4.
Shaking the नींद 23rd February 1922 Mahatma Gandhi and बैंकर Banker were arrested and presented before Mr L. N. Brown Additional District Magistrate of Ahmedabad on 11 March 1922 .
It was brought under Section 124 - A of the Indian Penal Code ( consisted of the accused ' अभियोक्ता आश्रम आश्रम आश्रम आश्रम आश्रम and किसान बैंकर बैंकर आश्रम आश्रम see Yusuf ' s मैजिस्ट्रेट आश्रम imprisonment in the court .
" My name is मोहनदास .
My father ' s name is Karamchand Gandhi .
My age is about 53 .
I am by caste Hindu बनिया .
I am a farmer and a weaver .
All the evidence has been given in your presence .
Do you have to say anything about it ?
" And I hereby direct that you be tried by the said court .
I have therefore no alternative but to commit them to the Court of Sessions for trial the offence appearing too serious for me to dispose of the case . "
The case was committed to the Court of Sessions Ahmedabad on the plea of ' 'guilty' ' under Section 124 - A of the Indian Penal Code .
The trial aroused wide interest and attracted spectators from all over the country .
The personality of the accused in the court - box showed a profound influence on the world as a Mahatma and a teacher on the nature of the charges . the issues pertaining to trial and the likely reactions of the country to its future .
The trial began at सेशन . C . S . का . H . R . S . का before सेशन ( p . m . ) .
At five minutes to twelve the accused were brought in custody in the court .
Nevertheless the entire court rose in an act of spontaneous homage when Mahatma Gandhi entered it with his devoted disciples and fellow - accused बैंकर his बैंकर बैंकर .
" You must have sat down to me because you can support me from my vanquished but make a laugh like that which in its depths seemed to cover the childhood joy of the world .
In the same number was another article dated 28th July 1921 in which it was stated that " we had to destroy the system .
Again on 30th September 1921 another article was : " Punjab prosecution अभियोजन which stated that a विद्रोह should preach disaffection .
These articles were written before ' no - changers ' and were referred to by the Bombay Government .
The Advocate General however added that the accused was a man of high learning and his writings a popular leader and as such the articles are more dangerous : his author was not a nameless person but an educated man .
The Advocate General asked the court to consider the nature of the campaign proposed in the articles which had in turn appeared in Bombay and Bombay in November last .
There were murders and destruction of property inflicting misery and misfortune .
The Advocate General admitted that though non - violence was preached in such articles what was its use but its education was open to the people to try and sort out disaffection against the British government .
Perhaps the most unhappy man present there was the judge himself .
He restrained his emotions cleared his voice gathered his strength and delivered his oral judgment in careful and dignified words .
Few readers would normally suspect that Tagore 's poems on children so full of innocent delight were written during a period of great dejection and anxiety.
He had not only to nurse the ailing daughter but to look after and entertain the two youngest ones who in the absence of the mother clung to him completely .
For their sake he had to hide his own grief and anxiety and to share their little interests and listen to their सुननी .
On the seashore of endless worlds was the great meeting of children.
In September 1903 nine months after her mother ' s death Renuka died at the age of thirteen .
This precocious new लडकी and an extraordinary daughter was the very favourite child of his father who was a child .
He buried himself in his work and continued to fill the pages of his literary journal के .
Though the possibility of launching a big conspiracy case against the prominent left - wing leaders was being considered from 1927 the first concrete reference to it is found in Lord Irwin ' s telegram to the State Secretary of India on 13th September 1928 .
The Public Safety Bill then was slowly रहा in the Legislative Assembly to which the Viceroy referred to as :
On March 14 the Viceroy ' s Council refused to arrest the thirty - one leftist leaders on the ground that they entered into a conspiracy to deprive the King of the sovereignty of British India and thereby under Section 121 - A of the Indian Penal Code .
Under Section 196 of Criminal Penal Code 1898 Mr M . A . D . Officer - on - Chief of the Intelligence Bureau filed a complaint in the court of the judge at Meerut district .
Among the thirty - one accused leftists were apart from the two British nationals . ब्रिटिश and ब्रिटिश well - known Indian communists like P . C . Joshi and S . A . Dange .
On the 20th March 1929 large - scale arrests were made simultaneously in about a dozen cities .
The news of the arrest created a stir in India .
Dr . Dharamvir Singh stated that he had never been a communist and as a follower of Gandhi was opposed to communist objectives and methods .
S . H . S . मानवतावादी argued that he was a ' Parsi humanitarian ' while आल्वे claimed himself to be " a farmer and a worker " .
The first phase of the Meerut conspiracy case the magistrate enquiry ended on 15th December 1929 after lasting for about seven months .
On 13th January 1930 thirty - one out of the thirty - one accused were committed to trial .
All the prisoners except Dr Dharamvir Singh were committed to be tried by the court of Special Sessions .
M. N. Roy could not be arrested till then and he was tried separately .
The first petition was made to the Chief Justice of Allahabad on 16th July 1929 .
He rejected it saying that the trial was being conducted under conditions most normal in this country and he did not think there would be any inconvenience and everybody will settle down comfortably . "
The final application for transfer was made by Sir Tej Bahadur Sapru on January 24 1930 .
He appealed to the Chief Justice of the Allahabad High Court on behalf of the thirty - one accused that their case should be transferred to Allahabad High Court and their trial be held by a jury .
The Chief Justice dismissed the petition on 27th January 1930 and ordered the case to be conducted in the Meerut Sessions Court .
He said that a jury might not adopt a judicial view .
He further stated that he was not in favour of a jury trial since a jury would have to be taught and understood by the jury it would be a super - human task for any member of the jury .
Consequently the only judge could give a fair and just decision in a matter of this kind . "
The second phase of the conspiracy case the formal trial began before R. L. 1930 and five Indian assessors in the court of Special Sessions at Meerut on 31st January 1930 .
The prosecution rested its case on 17th March 1931 after examining 281 witnesses and producing 2,600 documents .
This was followed by the rendering of the formal statements of the prisoners .
The trial reached its closing phase on June 16 1932.
Conclusion The Meerut trial was from the very beginning a political trial .
As the trial proceeded further it assumed a propagandist character on both sides .
The opening of this meeting was made by Mr अभियोक्ता James the chief public prosecutor who vehemently attacked communism national and international in the choicest phraseology आक्रमण the communists as enemies of civilised society .
In return it was exercised by the non - official defendants in making political speeches and propaganda statements from the court .
Most of the accused had decided to make such statements particularly by the communists as it would help to propagate the ideology and programmes of the Communist Party .
To this end every accused introduced his personal defence before a joint statement .
The Meerut trial belongs to the class of cases of which the मूनी trial and का trial in America the फ्रांस trial in France the जर्मनी Fire trial in Germany are the best examples .
A mammoth procession led by Lala Lajpat Rai greeted the Simon Commission with black flags and was lathi - charged .
Bhagat Singh राजगुरू Rajguru and Azad decided to kill Mr Scott as he was suspected to be responsible for 'the लाठियां blows on Lajpat Rai .
Taking him for Scott they shot dead Assistant Superintendent of Police Mr J. P. Saunders on 17th December 1928 .
On 8th April 1929 Bhagat Singh and his associate B . K . Dutt threw a bomb when the Central Assembly was in session and gave up their self - confidence by shouting जिंदाबाद - जिंदाबाद " .
Innumerable songs grew about him and the popularity that the man achieved was something amazing. ”
Bhagat Singh ' s throwing of a bomb in the Central Assembly and his revolutionary activities aroused equally powerful feelings against the British rule as much as those aroused by the peaceful satyagraha and civil disobedience movement .
It was not difficult for Bhagat Singh and B . K . Dutt to dodge the usual vigil of the police after throwing a bomb in the Central Hall of the Assembly .
Both निडर heroes stood like a rock at their places to court arrest .
After raising revolutionary slogans and throwing leaflets in the Central Hall both the accused courted arrest at the hands of the police .
But his message for the country and the world was a source of deep discontent and resentment against the continued exploitation of the Raj .
Both the accused were kept in solitary confinement and under strict protection .
The British Government not wanting to take any chance sent the summons to the accused in jail .
On the day of hearing elaborate security arrangements were made .
The Hindustan Times published in the newspaper :
” Police constables with lathis were lined from the magistrate ' s residence on the जेल Road to the jail and all the roads leading to the jail .
C. C . D . men in plain clothes were seen cycling on roads and watching important चौराहों .
This caused hurt to Sir George चोटें राव . Shri R . P . Rao and Mr Shankar Rao .
These facts constitute an offence punishable under Section 308 of I. P. C. with transportation for life or with lesser punishment.
Such acts include the causing of explosion of a nature likely to endanger life and जान which constitute an offence punishable under Section 3 of the " Explosive Substances Act 1908 .
I find it proved that Dutt threw the second bomb with similar intention and it caused hurt to Mr S . N . Roy and पी A . P . बम .
I find both the accused guilty of both the offences and the sentence taken by them . "
The actions of the two accused constitute offences punishable under two streams of law .
Under Section 71 of the Indian Penal Code both offences are included in each other and the punishment prescribed for them must not be more than the one awarded for them .
This decision was communicated to the Punjab Government by the following telegram :
Bhagat Singh Sukhdev Rajguru and Sukhdev will be executed at 7 on the evening of March 23 .
The news will be made in Lahore on the early morning of March 24 . "
They were hanged in the dark of the night and it was announced .
The people are told that Bhagat Singh जेल Rajguru and Sukhdev dead bodies were hanged yesterday evening ( 23 March 2001 ) the gate on the edge of the Satluj where they were burnt down in accordance with the Sikh and Hindu ritual .
The Labour Party had been in power in Britain now .
The Daily Worker of New York replied :
The three Lahore prisoners Bhagat Singh लाहौर Rajguru and Sukhdev fighters for the freedom fighters of India have been executed by the British Labour Government in the interest of British imperialism .
This is the most रक्तरंजित act of the British Labour Government under the leadership of R . मैकडोनाल्ड .
The execution of three Indian revolutionaries on the deliberate political frame - up on the orders of the Labour Government shows the length to which the लेबर regime will go to save British imperialism .
He came out of India in 1915 to visit Indonesia Thailand Indonesia Thailand China Indonesia Pakistan and Japan .
He was in America from 1916 to 1917 .
He became a member of the Mexican Socialist Party - the first communist party outside Russia.
He also visited Spain Berlin and Moscow and visited Lenin in 1920 .
He was an active member of the Second Conference of Communist International Conference and was also a member of the Marxist bureau .
He was an intellectual a prolific writer and wrote several books on Marxism मार्क्सवाद revolution मार्क्सवाद Renaissance theology history etc .
In 1930 he returned to India and was arrested in 1931 .
He was sentenced to 12 years' imprisonment in 1932 which was later reduced to 6 years by the Appeal Court .
He spent five years in British jails .
Kanpur had been selected for the trial as a result of which jury trial and processions should be avoided .
He was first produced before the magistrate who committed him to stand trial before the Sessions Court .
Lt. Lieutenant Colonel कर्नल prepared by कर्नल who was the President of the anti - code of the British Intelligence Service ( ब्रिटिश ) who in the beginning of the trial Mr Thackeray accused the court of charges against Roy .
The charges so imposed were :
" A revolutionary organisation called Communist International " in Europe " .
( 2 ) that the Association was to have the guidance and support of the revolutionary organisation the Communist International so that it could be used by violent revolution to separate India from imperialist Britain and thereby to His Majesty the King of British India.
He said " The immediate and potential dangers of the communist movement in India as a single factor .
A बंगाली बंगाली has been संवाद with the old Bengal revolutionaries many of whom are personal friends of M. N. Roy and who have been गतिविधियों from the failure of the non - co - operation movement to their old activities .
Between these two parties Roy ' s communists occupy a dangerously convenient yet tactical place . "
In May 1924 the Session Judge at Kanpur had sentenced four of the accused - Dange Usmani . . - B and Muzaffar Ahmad - to four years' rigorous imprisonment while charges against M . N . Roy were kept suspended .
Roy could not be arrested at that time but he was in constant touch.
He wanted the communists to utilise the court - room proceedings for the propagation of communism and spreading out the immediate programme of the Indian communist movement .
But the accused unfortunately appeared to have a narrow legal way through the advice of their advocates and missed this grand opportunity the mistake was successfully rectified during the Meerut conspiracy trial .
M. N. Roy had become very depressed and in a letter to his friend in November 1924 wrote :
If he had offered a better defence it would have been worth four years ' imprisonment . "
The learned judge of the High Court discussed the evidence upon which the conviction was based and which was largely documents .
These were :
Letters to his Indian colleagues and letters to Roy .
The real letters were the , or the arrest of Rammohun or of his associates being arrested ; these were बीच .
The judge said :
Various legal objections were taken by the learned counsel Dr . N . Katju .
It was argued that the jurisdiction of the Sessions Court at Kanpur put on trial was not that he was not arrested ; as there was no proper and unworthy evidence under Section 12 A of the Indian Penal Code .
After taking all this argument into consideration the judge decided :
I joined it because I wanted freedom for my motherland and was ready to shed my blood for it .
I took part in this war as a member of the regularly organised fighting forces of independent Provisional Government of Free India which fought according to the rules of civilised warfare for the liberation of my motherland from foreign rule .
I claim that in doing so I have not committed any offence but on the contrary I have served my country with all my best . "
Lt. G . S . उन also challenged the authority of the court to try him .
He said " Whatever I did was as a member of the regular fighting forces of the Provisional Government of Free India and as a member of this army I could not possibly go to the Indian Army Act or any of India to discharge their duties .
I am further advised that in point of law my trial by court martial is illegal . "
Though there were 16 officers including Jawaharlal Nehru in the court the defence का was taken up in the wake of the discovery of an विदेशी अंतर्राष्ट्रीय proposed that the Provisional Government of Free India should carry on increasing the war between them .
In the course of the continuation of the war the individual members of the organised army are assured of their activities in the war - LRB - except in the case of such सेना crimes for which the sentence has now been passed all over the world .
Considering the fact that I submit that the accused before you are to be declared innocent : because they do not have any civic or criminal responsibility for their action .
Therefore such an army and its members are not answerable before any municipal court - for what was done for their liberation .
The prosecutor had tendered a considerable body of evidence to prove the formation of the Provisional Government of Free India the raising of armed forces by it and the putting of those armed forces into the field against the British .
So normally these soldiers fighting against the king were really fighting for the freedom of their country and were not bound to have any loyalty to the king .
Bhulabhai Desai brilliantly analysed the evidence led by the prosecution regarding each case of alleged murder and torture .
He forcefully submitted that the evidence was totally irrelevant for the purpose of the case for the reasons that the grounds on which that evidence was attempted to be led was entirely non - existent .
He submitted that the evidence relating to the alleged charges of murder would be covered because they were part of the prosecution of the murders and that a sentence of death was deemed to be justified by the अदालत court .
He further stated that it was an organised government and a large number of Indians in the Far East owing allegiance to this government had been recognised and recognised by this government and its state .
It was by this government that war was declared and the Indian National Army fought the war .
Thus ended the great trial which created a new awareness of complete independence throughout India .
The Red Fort was not only convenient for the British Raj as it was the headquarters of the army but it was equally convenient for every politician and lawyer in India .
The trial was conducted at a time when opinion in India was very much against it .
Even Governor of the North - West Frontier Province Sir George Cunningham wrote to the Viceroy Lord कनिंघम asking the Commander - in - Chief to announce the instant return to the case as Indian public opinion is against it .
The trial however did a good job to awaken national consciousness among Indians and on the other hand it caused considerable harm to the British Empire .
The Commander - in - Chief has avoided the situation getting worse by taking back the sentence of the three officers .
Had the sentence passed by the court been carried out against strong public opinion it would have led to chaos all over India .
Mr M . C . देसाई the chief of India wrote in the introduction to the I. N. trial in the INA case about its effects and न्यायिक Desai ' s judicial abilities : ' The first Indian National Army trial was probably the most important in British history .
It was an occasion for discussion on far - reaching and in some respects altogether novel propositions of International Law a subject of lasting interest to lawyers and those interested in law .
It was an fascinating and inspiring story for the common man - a fascinating and inspiring story of a vigorous and inspiring effort to freedom his country with the help of millions of his great patriots .
We wish to tell the world that this sale deed confers no privileges equivalent to those claimed by the states governed by treaty rights .
We wish to declare that no sale deed however sacred can condemn more than 40 lakh men and women to servitude of an नारियों when the will to die under this will die .
The people of Kashmir share their destiny to the people of Kashmir and we appeal to the Mission to recognise justice and strength of our destiny . "
In 1946 it became clear that the British Government was handing over the administration of the British territories to the Indian National Congress and that there was nothing about the princely states that Sheikh Abdullah was going to the independence movement in Kashmir .
He made powerful political speeches the theme of which was that the Amritsar Treaty was not binding on the people of Kashmir because it was a treaty of slavery .
Like Mahatma Gandhi he too gave a call for " Kashmir का " .
He delivered several such speeches during May 1946 which alarmed Maharaja Hari Singh .
The people of Kashmir soon rose in support of the Sheikh in his move against misrule and misrule by the Maharaja and his Prime Minister .
On 18 June 1946 Maharaja Hari Singh wrote to a senior British officer in Delhi :
Now every person is entitled to freedom .
( May 10 1946 ) This sale deed ruined our people .
You should say : " k . छोडो "
खारिज the sale deed .
We wish to tell the British that Maharaja Hari Singh has no right to rule over the country .
A wholesaler purchased and passed us on to sale .
Your duty is to invite everybody and declare that we have to win independence from the Dogra Shahi even at the cost of our lives and wealth .
There will not be much time to conclude the अभियुक्त " said the accused in the context of the first speeches made on 14th May 1946 in which the following paragraphs were intended to drive a lot of effort to stop myself .
I told Maharaja Hari Singh with utmost respect that it would be better for him to improve the condition of the poor rather than waste his money on his comforts .
After a hundred years of misrule we say that we have never accepted nor will accept this rule .
For this right we have to make supreme sacrifices .
After 100 years we should not remain slaves of the Dogra Shahi even for one day .
" Get ready ! you are the harbinger of a voice breaking the shackles of slavery .
( Judge Advocate ) 1868 1868 11 in 1868 ) . C . 54 p . 5 .
Asaf Ali argued that to raise the voice against oppression and ask for the fundamental right to live was not sedition .
He said on the nature of प्रऋति : " I wish to make it clear that the original text of the speech contained in it was quite clear that a certain historical dispute had been started by Sri प्रऋति regarding the possibility of the explanation and reaction .
As this controversy had arisen there was an occasion for such a speech because otherwise I am convinced that the historical details prior to the Amritsar Treaty had never been strained enough . "
This work is all the more difficult : when it is to translate a speech delivered by a speaker it would be impossible to see the true meanings of words and words of C . शिक्षा on the capabilities of the अनुवादकों .
One of them is not even a graduate though the other is .
Whatever their capacity for reporting it was impossible for them to reproduce the effect of the original.
The words and sentences used by these reporters for which the subject matter of the present charge indicate the misuse of words and sentences used by the accused in a wrong manner but this is a doubtful matter .
Asaf Ali justified Sheikh Abdullah ' s statement said : " The accused pointed out the misery and poverty of the people more or less in the same manner as in His हिज ' s above statement .
He was quite correct in saying that the people of the state were slaves of slaves.
There is nothing wrong or राजद्रोह about sedition .
" speaker meant that when a large proportion of the population was steeped in poverty the administration was not doing everything possible for him . "
Asaf Ali warned the court that if leaders like Sheikh were convicted under such law the consequences would be bad .
He said " In the end I want to say that you should listen to me with all the seriousness and responsibility .
Whenever this happens you increase the dimensions of the calamity rather than seek a simple explanation for it ; because the conviction of such popular leaders leads to movements of far - reaching results .
After the arrest of the Congress Working Committee members in 1942 everywhere you saw the Indian इमारतों : At places in public places on private buildings - in सार्वजनिक press - rooms and even in barracks and schools .
In response to the speech of the Deputy Judge Advocate General Asaf Ali said : " The learned Assistant Judge Advocate General democracy and the Government ' s लोकतंत्र on the point that it was different from the one which led to the dissent of the individual .
He even went to the extent of saying that in a democratic government only a few people who wanted to exploit the democratic electoral system no argument see that the majority opinion was wiser than the minority opinion .
It is not appropriate for me to explain to the Deputy Judge Advocate General the text of the constitutional law or to prove to him that the ultimate sanction of the majority is " ऋआंतिकारी and the fear of a revolution would be the same as that of a majority .
The Assistant Judge Advocate General justified the purchase of Kashmir by the Amritsar Treaty and in his reply said : " In spite of the latest एडवोकेट he conducted a thesis before the London Review of the International Law .
He also claimed that the right of conquest did not admit of the recognition of the wishes of the people of the conquered state and so on .
By doing so he was justifying the sale deed of Kashmir otherwise known as the Treaty of Kashmir and on the other hand was also claiming to govern by gaining victory .
All this was intended to prove that the people had no right to demand the responsible government created on the basis of the inherent right of the people .
I have not laughed at the शासक I was very happy because it was the basis of my argument that the speaker objected to the practice of partnership with the people of Kashmir as जर and was ruled by the people of Kashmir with 40 lakh people .
However शेख Sheikh 's profound statement and Asaf के s incisive speech made no impact on the court which as predetermined convicted Sheikh Abdullah.
A recent survey indicates that the number of two - wheelers in the country is expected to touch the 50 - million mark by 2000 .
The menace of air pollution attributed to the automobile exhausts has now reached the peak level and if this trend continues we may have to wear nasal filters on our noses in future .
Automobiles are a still greater source of pollution in other parts of the world .
They account for about 60 per cent of the air pollution with carbon monoxide levels in Mexico City exceeding those in Los Angeles on the west coast of America .
Likewise in the Sydney city of Australia ( whose atmosphere was once regarded as the most clean ) there is more pollution due to automobile vehicles than any city in America .
This waste paper पोलीथीन packing materials पोलीथीन polythene bags used प्लास्टिक plastic bottles metal containers cookery wastes फूटी सब्जियों and फूटी - सब्जियों .
Dust from खदानों Construction of dwelling houses and setting up of industries increased manifold during the last two decades.
New machines are being installed to collect stones and cement essential for this construction .
Effects on Materials Air pollutants like sulphur dioxide smoke grit or dust etc.
Sulphur dioxide is the most damaging of all gaseous pollutants .
In the presence of moisture it gets converted into sulphuric acid which is very corrosive particularly for building structures because it reacts easily with lime .
Thus over the rainfed areas the stones gradually lose their colour .
Hydrogen sulphide is known to react with lead paint used in buildings causing formation of brown - black इमारतें .
वायु effects unlike other types of pollution can affect the climate.
Day by day the earth is becoming more hot as compared to the beginning of the industrial era the global temperature at present is more than 0.6 and the rate of पृथ्वी of the earth may further rise to the end of this century .
Yes .
The pH is an index of hydrogen ion concentration of a liquid .
हाइड्रोजन low pH means high concentration of hydrogen ion and high acidity .
Pure water has a pH of 7 ( पानी ) which is neutral pH .
Water with pH less than 7 tends to become acidic and alkaline when above 7 .
Rain - water usually has a pH lower than 7 ( pH 5. 7 mild acid ) due to the dissolved carbon dioxide in it; this amount of acidity is not corrosive .
The pH range of acid rain - water is 2 - 5 .
This low pH means high acidity and subsequently high क्षयकारी .
Thus water with pH 4 is still more corrosive 10 times than water having a pH 5.
Water of pH 3 is still more corrosive 100 times than water having a pH 5.
If this is the case then one can imagine the corrosive nature of acid rain with a pH ranging between. 2 and 3 .
For instance relations between पश्चिमी West Germany and Sweden are sour because nearly 20 per cent of Sweden ' s lakes are affected by acid rains due to the emission of acidic gases from जर्मनी in Germany .
In fact Swedish school children launched a postcard campaign against West Germany in protest against such emissions.
Relations between England and its neighbour are no better either with Scandinavia blaming England of being responsible for acid deposition in their country .
Dispute over acid rain has led to strained relations between the USA and Canada .
Nearly half of the sulphur deposits in Canada come from the USA and about 20 per cent of the deposits in North - East USA originate in Canada .
The direct relation of acid rain to human health has not yet been established .
However it is believed that inhalation of high levels of sulphur dioxide over long periods may lead to respiratory diseases like emphysema asthma and asthma.
India is not seriously threatened by this scourge as we have coal reserves with low sulphur content ranging from 0. 5 - 7 per cent .
The main constituent of acid wastes is sulphuric acid .
In addition nitric acid . hydrochloric acid and हाइड्रोक्लोरिक acid are also present.
These acids cause damage to metals or concrete structures like पम्प pump etc .
Moreover hydrogen sulphide gas is produced when the acids come into contact with the sludge and mud of the rivers .
अम्लीय pollutants also destroy micro - organisms inhibiting the self - purification process of the rivers .
Fish and other aquatic animals are adversely affected by the sudden change in the पानी .
अम्ल are known to be lethal to fish and water .
Presence of क्षारों alters the pH value in rivers resulting in the break off of the natural buffer system of the water .
Like acids अम्ल too destroy bacterial and other micro - organisms so as to restrict the self - purification of the water .
Fish and other aquatic life are also affected by the sudden rise in the पानी Presence of strong मछलियों can cause सांस by सांस the gill secretions in fish .
If he continued the experiment and continued to flourish it was not because he had not found his form or the trust but there was no end to this quest .
In winter as he put it गीतात्मक fervour is apt to grow cold and one gets the leisure to write plays .
The breath of spring blows through every line of it बहा with the ecstasy of sensuous joy .
Indeed the theme is the enchantment of spring and the power of its spell on the senses.
Spring is itself one of the characters in this play which is one of Tagore ' s best poems .
It is a work of art and a model in itself.
It is composed in blank verse and was his last great experiment in that respect.
The simple and bald episode as recorded in the Mahabharata was transformed by Rabindranath into a drama tense and vibrant with lyrical rapture and full of deep psychological insight .
Princess Chitra हुआ who had been brought up as a boy and trained in the art of warfare with a few basic characteristics .
The cattle drank water from the nearby stream and developed diarrhoea and within a few days suffered paralytic strokes followed by death .
It was found that the stream was polluted with lead compounds which led to lead poisoning .
The जीवों form is found to be toxic to human beings and aquatic animals .
Copper sulphate and copper compounds are being used extensively in treatment of reservoir water to control the growth of algae and डायटम .
Copper is extremely poisonous and its effects need no explanation .
The metals described above are toxic to fish and other aquatic animals .
Heavy metal ions precipitate the mucous secretions of the fish .
These श्वसन occupy the श्वसन space obstructing the movement of the fibers of the श्वसन and breathing .
Thousands of acres of fertile land have acquired salinity and become unfit for farming .
The ground - water table over a thousand square kilometres has been so seriously affected that water from these wells has turned bitter.
It is a pity that these waters have become unsuitable even for tanning they are transported in lorries from far - off places by the leather चमडा .
The problem of ground - water pollution is so serious in Andhra Pradesh that water from the open wells and bore wells in the अशोक area ( Hyderabad ) especially at अशोक Ashok Nagar and अशोक Nagar emanate a pungent smell .
The amount of dissolved solids is also high rendering the water unfit for drinking .
The reason for the fall in water quality in this region is because of the industrial waste .
त्वचा and skin diseases are prevalent among the villagers in the region .
It is a common phenomenon due to over - pumping of groundwater in the coastal regions of the country .
Excess withdrawal of ground - water through heavy duty pumps has resulted in the flooding of sea - water through the cavities.
For example in our country अपशिष्टों are engaged in setting up bio - gas plants which use their effluents .
This results in a substantial reduction in fuel costs and decrease in the strength of the effluents .
Conversion of mud to useful matter - LRB - mud - RRB - is also a problem .
The sludge from pulp and paper industry may be used in the manufacture of boards used in packing or in preparation of artificial wooden panels .
The sludge from the विद्युत WATER विद्युत industry may be used in the formulation of water - proofing compounds .
Reclamation and पानी of Waste पानी At present recovery of chemicals and metals is practised in most industries .
This can be utilised either for irrigation or as fertilisers after proper treatment without affecting land and / or ground - water .
Do n ' t smell any of the waste generated by nuclear power plants and do not emit any harmful gases .
The reason for this problem is that nuclear waste becomes harmless after millions of years .
The plutonium produced during power ( 200 kg per reactor ) is sufficient to cause cancer in all human beings .
Abnormal births . mutations शरीर sterility acute skin burns and lowering of body resistance to disease are other serious influences .
Constant exposure to radiation causes genetic defects which could affect the generations to come .
Radio - जैवरासायनिक are widely used in medical जैवरासायनिक industry and biology to determine the process of biochemical and biochemical reactions .
Substances administered to patients and used in radiation therapy are proving important sources of nuclear damage .
It can also cause mental pain .
Our community festivals and ceremonies like marriages festivals etc. are very noisy .
Dr . डा व्याख्या the following words of life for the human जागता : " He gets up with the noise of लाउडस्पीकरों and ट्रांजिस्टर : में the industry that काम the loudspeakers in the street लौटता the street .
If he goes to the cinema for relaxation the noise levels are too high .
Effects of Noise Pollution A survey to check sound levels in various cities and towns of India
During the day the noise loud in Delhi Mumbai Kolkata and Chennai between 60 - 90 dB .
Acute damage to the eardrum when exposed to excessive noise .
A more serious consequence of noise pollution is the chronic damage to the hair cells in the inner ear .
Prolonged exposure to noise of certain frequency pattern leads to temporary or permanent hearing loss .
Acoustic zones should be created to prevent propagation of noise through air or solid materials .
Trees should be planted in and around the factory to reduce noise .
The sides of the roads or highways should be lined with trees which act as a buffer .
Noise at community level can be curbed by imposing restrictions on blaring loudspeakers and by reducing their voice .
It is especially important to hospitals and schools .
The sounds may be beautiful like music , singing and laughter but only if it is in the range of hearing itself it is not forced against the neighbours .
It has been proved that constant loud noise can impair hearing ability and cause problems related to nervous disorders .
In October 1912 Rabindranath sailed for the United States accompanied by his son रवीन्द्रनाथ and daughter - in - law .
His son had just completed his Graduation degree a day back from अंग्रेजी University and had asked his father to write a few months back at पिता : The first article he did in Harvard Law was written .
In these lectures he interpreted in his own fashion : " This is the secular consciousness of India and as revealed in the utterance and example of her sages.
Writing about it by the Times Literary Supplement wrote : nobody in these poems can feel that they are not the products of a stranger or a stranger but that he will feel that they are stories of English poetry .
Some perhaps will refuse to fall under the spell of this Indian poet for the philosophy as presented is not his philosophy .
If it seems to us fantastic and alien before we despise it we should ask ourselves the question: What is our philosophy ?
A recent survey indicates that much of the Himalayas the Western Ghats and the Shivalik ranges are now devoid of forest vegetation .
A satellite imagery reveals that the forest cover is being lost at the rate of 130 million sq m a year .
One report indicates that during the ten years from 1972 to 1982 the area in Punjab has declined from 1,200 sq km to 490 sq km .
The rate of depletion in Haryana is no less .
Most of the Himalayan forests have been वन and womenfolk have to walk several kilometres to collect fuel.
People believe that forests are like open treasury for them to use as they like .
They cut trees to collect firewood to graze the cattle and to obtain whatever they want from the forests to feed them . Our firewood requirement is about करोडऋ million m. a year .
Secondly the greed of our forest contractors is compounding the problem .
In 1972 the late Prime Minister Mrs Indira Gandhi who was a member of the International Conference on Human Environment has said " To live or to provide a place for shelter of water sanitation and placing a रेगिस्तानों in the रेगिस्तानों and to make the mountains .
While pollution cannot be curbed completely the levels of pollution can be minimised by adopting remedies that are simple and low .
For example deforestation must be followed by deforestation .
Use a tree for each वृक्ष tree .
The Visakhapatnam steel plant in Andhra Pradesh has planted over two million trees in its premises .
He has also coined a slogan है " for each tonne of liquid steel preparation .
The Hindustan सीसा Ltd the leading manufacturers of zinc and lead say We are not only happy with the environment although we guard it .
The Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. has developed green belts around their refinery units and during the year 1991 they planted over a lakh trees .
कचरे of waste is an important factor in reduction of pollution .
We are very much engrossed in our thoughts and we have nothing that our poet can say about .
Indeed critics were not wanting who refused to fall under the spell of this Indian poet .
Tagore ' s country was a people ' s reaction in India too .
राय Kumar Roy अमेरिका who was then in the United States of America and where he published Tagore ' s biography is told that many young Bengali readers living in the United States were not affected by this statement of an English missionary .
One of them shouted in true American fashion , है .
Others cited many other Bengali poets : Nabin Sen and D . Roy .
He added : His love poems are poor imitations of the poems of our Vaishnava poets of वैष्णव and his philosophy is of the Upanishads .
At any rate Tagore ' s name was now covered entirely by the English journals and his famed Atlantic Ocean was crossing .
Perhaps the first journal in the West to publish his poems .
Soon after he was invited by the Chicago University to address him .
It was only when he was staying in रवीन्द्रनाथ he met Tagore and requested him to make the translation of his works more and more translations than he had known the Nobel Prize .
Tagore inquired “Are the एशियावासी eligible for the award ?
The awarding of the Nobel Prize for Literature wrote an American paper to a Hindu has occasioned much chagrin and no little surprise among writers of the हिंदू .
He could not understand why this distinction was bestowed upon a man who is not a white - skinned ?
The Globe of Toronto Canada wrote: " It is the first time that the Nobel Prize has gone to any one whom we cannot say .
The Los Angeles Times has complained that this award has ignored the young and modern Indian writers of Europe and America who are more likely to be labelled with their real एंजेल्स .
In January 1913 Rabindranath came to Chicago where he lectured on the सभ्यता of the Ancient Civilisation of India .
After visiting New York Tagore returned to London in April 1913 where also he delivered a course of lectures at the रवीन्द्रनाथ Hall .
It was an unknown stranger.
Now he was a sensation and a curiosity.
None of these books could be considered particularly pious or religious or philosophical and might have been expected to give the foreign reader a better perspective .
He was indeed the first person to have influenced the western intellectuals in many ways and was quick to suggest that the mind of Asia was awakened and that it must now be counted as a living entity .
Here again we must be able to recall the अधीरता of a man we seemed to live about whom we seemed to wander off the path of a Supreme God and what he wants to learn before he reached his chariot .
He had the courage to say so to the Dean of an open - headed mind who reminded his ईसाई that Tagore was not a Christian but his work adds that there was a time when the एशियाई Asian Association was the एशियाई .
And yet लोग as always happened - there were generally clever people who believe they did not spare .
Some of them found that there was a narrow British mind behind this award which began to वैभव the glory of the imperial empire and some others thought that it was a deliberate attempt to secure the literary circles of ब्रिटिश .
And there was no end to such things .
The first formal proposal was made by the English poet अंग्रेजी मूर in a letter brief and bald enough to be worth quoted here .
Shelley in spite of his vague idealism roused our minds because of his fanatic उतावलापन which is born of faith in life .
If this happens we will lose the artistic element of your literature in some respects but what is broadly human and is entirely fit for a distant future and remote country .
We look at your literature as a land of drain from the west to us although it carries with it all the debris of the passing moments .
Though Choudhury ( whose pen - name was Birbal after the दरबार of Akbar ' s court was a brilliant writer himself the main actor for the prestige and popularity of the paper fell upon Tagore ' s shoulders .
As though he needed Tagore ' s encouragement he responded to the pressure with an abundance of literary output as remarkable for its quality as for its short stories essays and novels .
Though the stories written during this period had not the same freshness and charm as they had seen in the last two decades of the last century the change in nature and the life of the people that had settled down on its banks were greatly coloured .
Next morning she flung down the male ; and appealed to Arjuna to go to the forest with female स्त्रियोचित .
But Arjuna rejected his request saying that he was taking an oath of celibacy and could not touch a woman.
होकर and wounded in the core of her being Chitra broke her bow into two pieces and invoked by her penance .
The gods of work appeared before him with his boon companion मदन and चिरसंगी मित्र O . The Princess begged him for a day ' Good : Let me be turned into an exclusive and noble woman and love in my heart .
Give me pure beauty only for one day so that I can answer for the days that come . "
And on seeing her bath in a forest pool and जल in the water Arjun lost his senses and डगमगा her feet .
वह nothing about ब्रह्मचर्य ' he tried to revive her .
For a few months the lovers lived in the bliss of love .
His idealism was not with out a hard core of realism and a sense of humour .
In order to maintain the memory of this experiment a ten - day Gandhi ( पुण्यतिथि ) is celebrated in Santiniketan on March 10 this day all the salaried employees are given a holiday and all the teachers and students cook their meals together .
A typical example of recurrent symbolism in Indian tradition .
Gandhi ' s reformist zeal did not spare the poet' s personal diet .
Watching him eat गांधी one day at dinner Gandhi remarked that he was going to eat कि fried in ghee which was eating with obvious relish was poison.
He smiled and said : " Of course it is a very slow poison for I have been eating them for about half a century . "
Gandhi and his two saints strove to make politics pure and the poet who made holiness seem beautiful .
Gandhi 's practice was always in advance of his पंख Tagore had wings to his thoughts and feet to practice on the ground .
However firm and unfaltering the feet they could not keep pace with the wings.
Gandhi who was a stern ascetic was more humane than a kill - joy in theory he brought comfort to millions of मानववादी hearts .
Jagmohan ' s God - denying humanism is contrasted in the first chapter with his brother' s God - believing के and भाई .
Sachish revolted by his father ' s rebellious orthodoxy is impressed by his uncle ' s life .
He is a young orphan who had been भ्रष्ट by his own brother and thrown on the streets .
He brings the girl to his uncle ' s house which is now pregnant and his uncle gives him shelter like his daughter .
To safeguard her future Sachish offers to marry .
But the girl though she is grateful to her benefactors is really in love with her भाई and prefers to commit suicide to the shame of marrying anyone else .
This incident comes as a shock to सचीश ' s cultivated belief in human बुद्धिवाद .
Soon after the city of Calcutta is affected by plague and as there are not enough hospitals in the city the humanitarian uncle turns his own house into a hospital for the poor himself nursing the patients .
He catches the dread disease and dies.
He deserved it " comments his orthodox brother .
He is so happy that he is so disgusted as long as his being unwilling and rebellious disciple of the teacher सचीश on his behalf .
This girl चरित्रों like Binodini of the earlier युवती is one of Tagore ' s few characters so full - blooded and real that no reader having known them ever forget them .
. loves Sachish but cares little for the Guru the facade of whose piety does not deceive him .
Sachish who believes that human love is a snare tries to avoid her but cannot do it because she is conscious of her .
Once when the party has camped for the night in a cave Sachish cannot get nervous fearing that the primitive animal is hidden in this cave and is about to creep over its पशु .
It ' s a feel her legs are touching .
Unable to escape from thoughts of दामिनी Sachish finally begs her to release him .
The atmosphere of the novel is tense with the beginning .
It was a stormy period of national upsurge of an upheaval of violent passions long submerged of a clash of ideals and self - interest .
The sombre narrative से with brilliant sparks of thought as the विरुद्ध of opposing arguments strike against one another .
It is a clash all along of the new a clash of the old with the new a state of घरेलू with power of idealism and of the means a perfect love and freedom of love a free fight against the outside and wild wind .
When any reader begins to read it he understands the similarity between Tagore and Gandhi in the spirit of रवीन्द्रनाथ and any interpretation seems to be a better example though there are different paths in them .
The plot like all Tagore ' s plots is very simple and natural : an old triangle two men and a woman .
Nevertheless the character as it emerges in the novel is more shadowy than real .
His friend and protege संदीप the patriotic firebrand splendid wind - bag and shameless का on the other hand is a देशभक्त except that he speaks a language which he could only put in his mouth .
He knows what everything is going on between his wife and his friend and he can end the game here but he loses it does not matter in the light of the open competition and free will of the outside world .
What happens between the three is read by the reader himself for the English version of the novel is available in the ' home ' and the World ' .
The novel is significant in more ways than in one novel .
Tagore himself was tossing between his love of his home and the hire of the world .
He was restless once again .
एंड्रयूज the open road was still रास्ते most of the route had been closed and he wrote to Andrews in 1915 .
I am in a nomadic mood but it is becoming painful to me for want of freedom .
They cannot be regarded as literature of a high order but some of them are very effective and interesting .
Some of them are quoted below as specimens - the best way to do .
The best chooses me . "
" Every child comes with the message of God that God is not yet discouraged of man . "
He who is busy doing good finds no time to be good .
One was prophetic of Japan ' s धूल - LRB - the dust - RRB - is scattered in the dust to prove that God' s dust is greater than your idol.
Though the Japanese had given a warm welcome to Rabindranath Tagore the poet who had come from the land of the Buddha his enthusiasm was gone out as soon as he had नकार the values of Western culture and विरुद्ध the national concept of racial arrogance .
Europe has a pity so long as its mouth तरफ on humanity ; but all the powers of its greatness शक्तियों against the eternal sense of man .
He admired the Japanese for being modern but reminded them that " True modernism is freedom of mind not slavery of taste.
He disliked the anguish of the excited crowd of foreign cloth and being happy about it but he was so unhappy when the students had left school and college to be toys to politicians .
Without directly referring to the Mahatma in a public lecture at Calcutta Tagore criticised his leadership which he said urgently needed a exchange of intellectual and moral education between India and the West .
He felt so isolated among his own people in Bengal that his speech provoked a rejoinder from the popular Bengali novelist Sarat Chandra Chatterji in an article entitled बंगाली बंगाली Conflict .
When the Mahatma came to Bengal on 6 September 1921 there was a lengthy talk behind the closed doors of the poet ' s house at 1921 including Andrews the official report of the journal was not known nor was it an official demand .
As Gandhi and Tagore were on their conversation a big crowd outside the house sympathised with the Mahatma lay in the midst of a large portion of the fire and gathered several pieces of foreign cloth to the house .
Tagore himself had earlier sent a gist of his conversation on that memorable day to एलम्हर्स्ट एलम्हर्स्ट .
They have stolen cloth from the shops in the सडक Road they 've lit that bonfire in my courtyard and are now howling round it like a lot of demented कपडे
Non - cooperation clashed with his way of thinking for his mentality his rich intelligence had been aroused from all cultures of the world .
Tagore was not afraid of the spirit of boycott within Gandhi - knew that Gandhi was above it but he also knew that his followers would not भडकाने their prejudice and passion to put the fever of nationalism .
What sacrifice are the students seeking ?
Even sacrifice is for the want of education and not for the sake of complete education .
About a decade ago when he himself was the leader of the Swadeshi movement in Bengal . a group of young students said to him that he was prepared to give up his studies .
When he declined to do so the group suspected his patriotism and went away in anger .
If anyone can comment it is only too high .
I can imagine that it is a terrible nightmare to bear the weight of the monster of mathematics for the soul .
He constantly शिकार his prey but does not give them any direction . "
When he started his diary during his visit to South America two years later he mentioned what घुट घुट had to घुट in America .
The spectacle of wealth and wealth creation of wealth and power the vision and the distrust of man will always add to his पूंजी the supreme god of self - absorption the supreme divinity of being का and the ताकत dancing of man .
" I sleep and awake sleep again and wake up .
I think many times because when you wash me in your lap you lose गोद but perhaps you do n ' t lose तारे - well as in the night the sun and the day . "
" If you were not my mother but anyone else would you think I didn 't know you ?
Would I not be in your arms ?
How fun I have two homes one for the day and one night .
As it happened in the evening I would creep up behind you and put your eyes into the palm " Who am I to say " and you will say " somebody who knows " and yet I do not know ?
Where have I come से I want to go there .
But where it is I keep on looking for it .
Then I think it is everywhere .
सोम Tuesday Wednesday they जहाज soon they must have airplanes .
Why does Sunday come so late ?
It seems to lag behind all .
Does he live farthest of all as far as the sky is and is he the child of poor parents as you were . "
In a letter to his niece Indira he even said : " I wrote these poems to give respite to my mind from the responsibilities of growing up .
I have given the places of expression in these poems which have persisted for a long time in my mind as in what is the meaning of my life - the play that is born as a child .
We forgot that thereby we malign the Creator of the universe Who functions without toil Who is supreme bliss .
But the respite was brief and intermittent Santiniketan आकर्षित .
आश्रम returned to the asrama on 26 September after an absence of five years .
With him came Leonard अंग्रेज the young Englishman whom Tagore had met in New York .
He invited Tagore to help him at the Centre for Rural Development at फ्रेंच who had reaped a substantial contribution from the तिब्बती Strait and the German University of तिब्बती a few days later came to India as the first Indian scholar रवीन्द्रनाथ Levi of तिब्बती .
I wish I could find my reed again and be तिरस्कृत ignored by the busy and the wise as a hopeless ne आदमी - do - से "
Would Tagore have been a greater poet if the Nobel Prize and the consequent blaze of fame and publicity had not invaded the obscurity in which his genius had so far passed ?
Had his vision of the soul थाह deep into the depths of what he would have done was to churn the ocean of man more thoroughly than himself ?
Who can say what happens if this happens ?
All these are worthless पेरिस by one to put Paris in a bottle . "
What is important is that despite so much of the temptation विकर्षण detachment and sometimes विकर्षण he never did more than his duty a poet and singer a lover of nature a man and a devotee of the divine being .
Indeed anyone might even say that the western interludes and periodic spells of missionary fervour were distractions that served as healthy आत्मा enriching his spirit and enlarging his mental horizons .
Whether it was due to it or not the fact that Tagore never had to be creative had to suffer from the best of the world and to the last days of his life which he had till he discovered in the new field .
Even during his comparatively sterile periods he wrote enough and of such quality as to make other writers famous .
It is true that at times the inspiration seemed to wane the vitality to flag and he drew less from life than from habit .
A new musical संगीतमय in August and September transformed the rain Mangala ( वर्षा ) to the Calcutta stage .
These compositions which are an enchanting amalgam of poetry हवा music and dance were written for the celebration of the seasons of the year and breathe of the open air and the simple joy of living .
They were not built on any परंपराएं mould ; they easily absorb folk and classical traditions from one another like philosophy and धार्मिक religious mysticism and a running commentary on contemporary events .
The Mahatma was in jail and Tagore explained to the students and inmates of the asrama in length : " The true meaning of sacrifice is that of Gandhiji who represents. "
His simple and homely address is instinct of veneration for the Mahatma ' s men .
Returning to Santiniketan in April he left soon to spend the summer in Shillong a lovely hill station of Assam .
He needed only peace to be creative and so in Shillong he wrote a remarkable play which he named " रक्त " which was later translated and published in English as ' Red रक्त ' .
This play like the पूर्वलिखित पूर्वलिखित shows Tagore ' s increasing concern with modern culture with primary problems .
The ageing poet was still busy with his romantic youth.
His younger contemporaries charmed him with his latest Novel begged him to make a collection of his love poems and add something new to it .
The suggestion was enough to stimulate a mind that needed no more than a उकसाव .
As he himself put it lightly he is like a automobile engine which is running away once again .
So instead of compiling a selection he wrote new compositions देसी Most of these love poems were named महुआ महुआ which is a most fragrant flower named खिलने in spring which also made Indian wine .
The title was appropriate for these poems : a very tender and exquisite है which is not by the experience but by an artificial stimulus as drunk .
Not quite artificial for the poet was always in love with love an impersonal love .
It was during the rainy season of the year 1928 that Tagore introduced two seasonal festivals viz . tree - planting and plantation at Santiniketan and वृक्षारोपण - वृक्षारोपण .
These picturesque festivals with their simple and artistic और accompanied by music dancing and Vedic chanting invoking nature ' s fertility and symbolising its ever - recurring youth are still celebrated annually and attract crowds of visitors from the neighbouring countryside .
On 1 March 1929 Tagore sailed for Canada at the invitation of the National Education Committee .
On arrival in Los Angeles his passport was unfortunately lost and he felt irritated by the formalities to which he was subjected .
So he cancelled his engagements in the States and sailed for Japan .
This was not the first occasion when an event intervened to mar his appreciation of the United States .
Even during his last tour he had been rubbed the wrong way .
It was unfortunate indeed that his high expectations received repeated ठोकरें in a country known for the exuberance of its hospitality and friendship .
He spent about a month in Japan .
He loved this country and its brave and disciplined people and was filled with unhappiness as he watched their minds being steadily से by a deliberately engineered hysteria of imperial ambition.
In his own courage he warned them once in a public meeting : " The past of ideals which no one now lives are true - but ' alienating a nation from the other .
The audience who saw the Indian poet was also said to have been like our prophet . "
That the Passion Play left a deep impression on his mind can be guessed from the theme of his poem ' Child ' which he wrote soon after in Germany ' s stay - was his only poem .
Fortunately he kept a record of all the letters he wrote in the country which were later published as letters from Russia .
The letters stand out by the best and most worthy of an ageing poet ' though he was now an old man in his heart .
He was recently given a reception ceremony where he lectured on शिक्षा - शिक्षा his देश - शिक्षा . for collecting funds for his school although the New York city itself had चपेट the sad lot of the unemployed .
Writing to Tagore Will रवीन्द्रनाथ : " You alone are sufficient reason why India should be liberated . "
In January 1931 Tagore returned to India via London where he had a long talk with Bernard Shaw at a हाइड which the हाइड gave in हाइड Park Hotel .
It was a long and tiring tour but rich and fruitful in experience .
Tagore had seen the western world in its different phases and had left behind a trail of memory which though it might have been cloudy and out of all appearances .
He did not know that this was his last visit to the West but his sun in the western sky had set.
रवीन्द्रनाथ by violence Tagore welcomed the stormy upheaval in Russia but the neighbouring soldiers did not show the same enthusiasm for the mass non - violent movement which was led by Mahatma Gandhi .
Soon after his return to India in November 1890 the poems of कविताएं were published .
These poems helped to enlarge the scope of the poet ' s imagination loose and the rhythmic pattern of his thought the poet ' stood there resting on the back of a mighty horse and did not shake his hands .
These poems have been divided into five sections and all these have always remained their main अनुभागों though there is a sharp extension of ideas and poetry of nature and nature .
Human and divine love natural love and human love inner feelings and thought merge into his consciousness as if it were difficult to separate them from one another .
हुए those legendary days of the moon ' s longing for the Radha - प्रियतम in the thick groves of वृंदावन at Vrindavana and even at night he goes out of his house to get love and longing for it .
He was still haunted by his experience of the थे though the enchantment of life was beginning to सम्मोहन .
The following are the lines of the poet ' s English adaptation .
From Kalimpong he went to Mungpoo a nearby hillside in Darjeeling district to be the guest for a few days of a young poetess an ardent admirer and devotee .
There he wrote besides some poems a treatise on Bengali language later published as Bangla Bhasha .
Study of Bengali language its structure and sound system its folk literature the world and literary usages were an old hobby of his and his explorations in this field bear ample evidence of his remarkable critical insight .
Something of the dashing पिता of his romantic grandfather as well as the severe and practical idealism of his father had survived in him although assuming vastly different colours.
This and the other poems published at the end of the year are devoted to the poet ' s varied moods and senses and the poem is named after कवि .
This was later published in 1941 as the के ( कृति ) .
As the poet was a believer of the sun most of the poems in this volume and the previous one were dictated in the first half of the day or the day .
In the evening the fever would not give him any trouble .
The first poem in this volume seems to have been his firm conviction .
They too will pass and leave a sign .
He paid homage to the poet saying that he was a poet of the सर्वहारा sect .
He has love and reverence for life and was dedicated to the small joys and sorrows of his people . This poem is the music of his life .
He loved and felt for the common man all his life long before it was practised .
Nearly half a century ago when he was living in his village and looking after the family estates his letters bear testimony to his very deep feeling and concern for the peasants and workers .
His thinking was human a symbol of a healthy moral sensibility and not derived from any ideology.
There is nothing special or revolutionary about the saying that when the empire comes to decline the common man will survive the land .
It is then that the poem is so memorable.
Some poems were written on his last birthday at Mungpoo to which a reference was made earlier.
One of the finest among them was dictated at Santiniketan on 21 January 1941 .
His mind dwells around a small corner of this dark extension and the knowledge about life and the world outside his consciousness .
Tagore accepts his borders calls for those poets of the future who will be associated with this earth and be friends of entrepreneurs who are poets of those who are content and who will throw their roots on the soil and waste .
He will not try to become his name by mock sympathy with the poor .
Whatever that may be his acceptance of his limitations brings to the higher climax of his poet - action which he thought of himself and why he need to be a पडा .
Those who sing passionately of the dispossessed seem to have little sympathy for anybody .
This is supported by a पल्लवकालीन inscription in an ancient cave - temple at गुहा .
Similarly Buddhist tantric rituals में into the Hindu modes .
With this background temples and their systems of worship flourished .
The main features of the southern temples are the विमानों their विमानों small vimanas the विमानों with front mandapas and peripheral mandapas with flat roofs on the ऊपरी and high gopura entrances while the north - west . as they are the upper - storeyed ones .
The whole structure is enclosed by a brick wall with entrance on either side east or west on the gopura pattern and with simpler additional entrances on the south and north .
The maha - mandapa or maha - mandapa is sometimes raised laterally by one or more bays and is often surrounded by three rows of pillared maha - mandapa .
Most of these temples are dedicated to one particular temple but sometimes there were more or more temples in these premises .
The single shrines are oblong होती square or apsidal .
While the mandapas had flat roofs the shrine superstructures particularly of the apsidal ones were का - हाथी - like in nature .
Its longer axis north - south was preceded by a closed maha - mandapa with six rows of five pillars .
In addition to this area both in Bombay and Poona and in the North - West Junagadh etc . chaityas and viharas there were some of the less rigid पत्थर - कटाई sandstone - पत्थर which if exposed was not very easy .
पार south across Konkan in the Kerala area west of the ghats again abounding in गुफाओं it was excavated as cave - tombs .
The mandapa at the entrance was built on the imitation of early wooden cases with a torana arch above the कारीगरी .
The गुफा cave - temple of का is of a similar kind with a वृ - वृ
The गुफा cave in की is also a model of a circular chaitya .
The main roofing dome rests on a ring of twelve plain octagonal pillars and in the other places on a circular wall the central one being the central stupa in between which the two are enclosed by a circular passage the central one .
The other psychical scheme is built on the नाभि or स्तूप ; the larger one being has a large oblong hall like the navel terminated one side the नाभि often forming a narrow passage away from the navel .
The doorway in front is a huge threshold with an arched window on top .
In front of the facade of the hall a public verandah with frontal pillars is often carved out .
The result was that the two parallel traditions continued to remain in their regions till the emergence of the Vijayanagar Empire in the second half of the fourteenth century when it covered both regions and practically practically practically all over South India .
The northern पत्थर tradition almost vanished and the comparatively hard stone used in temple construction was almost exhausted and the hard stone in temple construction was used almost universal as in the case of the restoration of almost all usual regional styles and even the usual feature .
The three centuries covering the rock - cut phase in the Brahmanical and Jain temple architecture coincided also with the great revivalist movements of the Hindus and the continuing hold of the Jain sects on some sections of the people .
With the commencement of the seventh century the , and the के movements of the Hindus had resulted in a drastic change and the development of the devotional path .
In Tamil Nadu the Saiva and Vaishnava वैष्णव saints the घूमते and the वैदिक became wedded to the Vedic traditions and traversed the whole area visiting shrines singing hundreds of devotional hymns in Tamil and rousing the people .
This resulted in the reformation of the extremist Saiva creeds of the बौद्ध . . . . - शैव . and the like - कालमुखों the लोगों the सशक्त and the almost - उच्छेद influence of Jainism on the बौद्ध .
The Kannada area continued to be the centre of south Indian Jainism from where the different धर्म branched out into the Tamil and Telugu regions .
In the Krishna scene Krishna is shown as the उठाए mountain with Lord Krishna ' s anger to escape the वर्षा of मूसलाधार rain and stones shelter with their children beasts and other things .
The depiction is quite powerful and और .
A special south Indian note is struck by the introduction of Krishna ' s favourite महिलाओं गोपी गोपी near him in the group and distinguished from the rest of the women in the scene by her dress stance and attendant lady.
The Krishna - कृष्ण theme is special to the earlier and contemporary Tamil literature and tradition .
They continued the activity for three centuries till they like the Pallavas were overthrown by the rising Cholas of तंजावुर .
These are found in तिरूवेल्लारै . . . . . . and other places . all in the जिलों and Tiruchirapalli districts .
The cave - temples too are a type of mandapas with कक्ष shrine - cells and are much akin to the Pandya cave - temple in the same region .
The शासन or शासन chiefs ruling in the शासन area of , Salem and Coimbatore districts bordering on the Tiruchirapalli district have excavated two fine cave - temples in गुफा .
They are dedicated to Vishnu and are noted for their fine sculptured panels .
These cave - temples numbering about sixty in all are like the Pallava examples excavated into the local rocks and are essentially similar to the Mahendra - style excavations in plan and design .
The bays have square in section while the pillars which are essentially square in section on the basis and on the top the talas carry massive corbels usually with a straight bevel resulting in an angular profile.
There are however some examples with pillars of other types and corbels with a curved profile and हैं shrine .
The cave - temples all lack a well - defined kapota in the गुफा over their mandapa facades as is also the case in the Mahendra - style cave - temples .
Some of the excavations are merely shrine - cells खोदे directly into rock face without a rock - cut mandapa in front .
Such cave - temples are numerous in this region and very rare in गुफा .
The inscription mentions the cave - temple significantly as तिरू - पाषाण - k - पाषाण or 'the sacred stone कोविल echoing the pioneering idea for this region as found in Pallava . ' s inscription at Mandagappattu in पल्लव .
The rock - cut cave - temple with a stone inscriptions in में at जिला ( जिला ) is one of the early Pandya cave - temples as the one at जिले in the same district is खुदे in another script called शिव .
The Vishnu ( Narasimha ) cave - temple at जिला Madurai district ) has a base inscription giving the Kali संवत् है ( AD है ) and referring to its excavation by a minister of Pandya Maran विष्णु alias के .
At the present near ' पत्नी ' मंदिर ' in Madurai a large cave temple known as the Subrahmanya temple was excavated before and afterwards by another Pandya Minister and his wife the Kali year शिलालेखों new form of stone .
There are two other excavations on either side of the larger mandapa - type cave - temple and above the level of the के cave - temple which should be of late .
One of these contains a bas - relief of Gajalakshmi and the other a group comprising devi as सेवकों and her attendants .
The well - known rock - cut cave - temple at जिला in the Pudukkottai area ( Tiruchirapalli district ) containing the celebrated early mural paintings in में is an example of a Jain cave - temple of the eighth - ninth centuries .
According to a long - poem inscription associated with it it was कविता by a certain था . alias Madurai था forming a mukha - mandapa in front all this happened during the reign of के - Pandya ( मंडप - Pandya ) .
The cave - temple at गुफा another Muttaraiyar excavation dates a few years before the seventh year of Pallava नृप in the late ninth century .
The same may be said of the गुफा cave - shrine which is devoid of any मु encounter
The Vishnu cave - temple at रानी in which the cave - temple at Malai - मंडल is a natural cave - hole . known as विष्णु - पोरूम्बीदुगु a queen of the facade pillars and other characteristics would be changed into a cave - temple soon after the रानी .
The cave - temple in the same region as the गुफा cave - temple and certain others like the मलैक्कोलुंडीश्वरम cave - temple are also credited with गुफा .
The cave - temples at गुफा . . . . and other places in the northern Kerala area are in the times of the rulers of the Chera country while in the southern parts कन्याकुमारी and कन्याकुमारी districts of Kerala and गुफा or गुफा in Tamil Nadu .
In the absence of specific authority and in the middle of the seventh century to the middle of the 9th century the period in which these cave - temples were in Kerala was to be ruled by more than one dynasty चेर they were called चेर .
The connected political history of the राजनीतिक of the second period after the earlier Sangam epoch starts from the middle of the ninth century .
The two Vishnu cave - temples at विष्णु one dedicated to Ranganathan or Anantasayin and the other to Narasimha are according to their inscriptions excavations by the नरेश king नरेश of the line of the रंगनाथ known earlier .
They belong to the first half of the eighth century and contain some fine sculptures.
The most characteristic feature of the style is the door - frame of the cella with elaborate over - door components .
The सखा or components of the over - door range from three to several ; the किरीट . has a crest ornament the आभूषण and a superstructure or अधिरचना .
The basal part of the inner सखा and the बाजू carry panels with reliefs of the river goddesses Ganga and Yamuna .
In the Chalukyan cave - temples of the southern zone the Kannada area देवियों forms along with the river goddesses are depicted in the same panels .
These dvarapalas are in addition to the relatively larger dvarapalas in the niches flanking the outermost entrance of the front mandapa or front porch .
In जोगेश्वरी they flank the sanctum entrance as also the outer mandapa entrance .
This would indicate an earlier stage while the other Rashtrakuta caves show a tendency to revert to the scheme of less - than - की on either side of the sanctum entrance .
Besides the above गुफा others like Caves 17 गुफा 21 21 and 26 are of the sandhara type and have their shrine chambers at the rear of the pillared mandapa cut out on all sides resulting in a circumambulatory passage.
The गुफाओं or Cave 29 is of greatest interest since it is the largest and most imposing of the caves at Ellora .
Its sandhara and chaumukh or चौमुख shrine is not only isolated but also contained within a group of mandapas arranged in a स्वास्तिक plan which is similar to that of the Elephanta and the जोगेश्वरी caves .
The four doorways of the shrine are flanked by large dvarapalas and other accompanying sculptures .
The long rectangular maha - mandapa or mukha - mandapa also precedes the shrine and partly surrounds it has a broad nave and aisles formed by a series of five pillars on each side of which the front encloses the main entrance .
The lateral entrances of the maha - mandapa are two lateral entrances with two portals or pillared महामंडप .
The pillars are large in size with full broad or broad capitals and the statutory inside is also ponderous and of a large part .
The cave - temple can be dated to the middle of the seventh century in the Chalukyan period .
Cave 27 or the गुफा ' s cave ( की ) is an interesting example with three temples on the rear and side walls of the mandapa .
The upper floor has the navaranga hall with twelve outer pillars as in the Indra Sabha but there is also a shrine at the rear .
From one corner of the mandapa and disposed at an angle is an additional unit similar to the nature and character of the groundfloor but complete and richly carved.
In Elephanta a small island off Bombay the cave - temple is distinguished by the exceptional excellence of its sculptures of which the great Mahesamurti is the most well known .
The central east - west with a central east - west linear axis parallel to the शैल of the rock is a great pavilion in its scheme which is supported by twenty pillars on each side eight on the other side and forward with two pillars .
There are further flights of steps on the shorter sides उतरकर by which this excavation can be carried out in either open भुजाओं the part of the rock with the excavated cave - temple अलग the rest of the mass .
These two are designed as the northern lateral extensions of the maha - mandapa with an entrance on the open side while the corresponding lateral extension of the same plan on the south dug into the parent rock consisting of Mahesamurti and other sculpture .
Towards the rear end of the maha - mandapa is a sandhara के shrine square and with doors framed by elaborate over - doors on all the four sides .
Inside there is a large rock - cut linga pedestal with its spout on the north and with an inserted लिंग .
The Hindu cave at जिला ( जिला ) in Maharashtra has a sandhara - like sanctum with two smaller transverse corridors in front and two smaller subsidiary shrines on the आजू .
This is apparently a late plan after the model of Caves 17 and 21 of Ellora and datable to the first quarter of the eighth century .
It was perhaps a provincial contemporary of एलोरा of Ellora .
There is an unfinished excavation by the side of the Siva cave .
The cave at के near Aurangabad has five shrine - cells in a line behind the pillared rectangular mandapa at a low में trap rock on the left bank of the औरंगाबाद river - bed .
Each cell has a door - wide cavity .
The mandapa has two bays at the front and the rear forming mukha - and ardha - mandapa .
It is not clear whether the cave is of Western Chalukyan origin or may belong to the Eastern Chalukyan tradition .
The type and other types of sculpture indicate the Eastern Chalukyan authorship in the mid - seventh century AD के .
The doorways of the shrines are simple - looking as in the southern cave - temples ; the Western Chalukyan - Rashtrakuta types with elaborate over - doors.
While most of the cave - temples are dedicated to Siva two are definitely dedicated to Durga and a few to Vishnu .
The sculptural content is very meagre compared to the examples at Badami Aihole Ellora etc. .
Among the few sculptures mention may be made of tandava Shiva .
The गुफा cave - temple at Undavalli is the largest of the group and is a three - storeyed structure akin to the Ellora Buddhist Caves 11 and 12 की .
It belongs to the seventh century if not earlier and was perhaps intended originally for the Buddhist creed but was adopted later for a Vishnu temple the principal deity being a recumbent Vishnu or Anantasayin .
The शैल cave - temples are excavated into a soft चट्टान intrusion in the hills at नेल्लोर in Nellore district a rock material different from the Krishna - Guntur group .
In between them along with two rock sculptures of dancing Siva and Harihara are small niches or memorial shrines with भीतर cut inside them with के or other inscriptions of the eighth century .
The eight larger cave - temples fall into two groups .
The first four shrine - cells opening from the northern end of the horseshoe - के are simple shrine excavations without a front mandapa and lack the elaborately decorated kapota cornice and its kudu ornaments .
An earlier तवा though the तवा monolithic shrine size is found in the . cave at जिला जिला मध्य Madhya Pradesh .
It is more or less a circular monolithic temple - LRB - खुदे - RRB - cut out of a single mass of sandstone and is carved in a niche sculpture in the hemisphere on a flat stone - shaped series the खुदे of which the खुदे was recorded on it .
What is more interesting is the fact that the Pallavas translated into the hard imperishable stone के the various forms of structural vimana temples of brick and timber that were prevalent at the commencement of the seventh century .
Thus they stand out as the earliest examples of the beginnings of vimana architecture in the south showing variations in the existing or developed aircraft .
The variety in form namely plan and rise exemplified by the धार्मिक स्थानीय locally called the rathas would also indicate the existence of well - defined codes and manuals on rituals art and वास्तु Agama Silpa and धार्मिक architecture .
They thus form the most important landmarks in the study of Indian temple architecture especially of the south .
As fully cut - out models they constitute the unitary type of temple forms with the ardha - mandapa in front and reveal not only the outer side but also the shrines आंतरिक to the apex on top of the vimana .
They were all carved out from the apex to the base as opposed to structural constructions that were built up from the base or foundation .
However according to the traditional method the stupi or या was originally installed in the स्तूपी temple of था the object of the deity . in the original temple with the ceremonial establishment of the temple and after the others it was separated from the stupi .
The तलों of both the talas carry . applique on the हर्म्य of the second tola and on the griva above and made up of four karnakutas at the corners and four शालाओं in between them on each side .
The hara at the aditala level is extended also over the top of the ardha - mandapa a feature of all early vimanas .
The नागर - LRB - नागर - RRB - in the north; by the नागर of the pure Nagara class with its ardha - mandapa and the only difference is that there is no के over the नागर tola - LRB - नागर - RRB - of the series .
Both the rathas lack sculptures on their aditala walls and are incomplete.
The incomplete southern पूर्वाभिमुख ratha facing east and the more complete Arjuna ratha are likewise double - storeyed square in section in both the talas and carrying applique रथ of four karnakutas and four salas at both levels .
The griva and sikhara are however octagonal in section making them both विमान nirandhara vimanas of the Dravida order of the composite type .
There are four nasikas projected from the four cardinal sides of the griva sikhara .
The ardha - mandapa in both the vimanas carries शालाएं of kutas and salas of a smaller size than those over the aditala .
Finding that in these tough stones the builder was going to spend more time consuming difficult and expensive प्रतिस्पर्धियों and his enemies might even if he did not spin a बालुकाश्म or बालुकाश्म he was to use the पत्थरों tradition of soft stone and to the city of his capital .
The great Kailasanatha temple in Kanchi and others in the same place are of this type .
However in this regard however much was left behind with the Pallava Chalukyas ; but their structural integrity or the cut - off rathas made an improvement over them by design and construction of form - LRB - structure - RRB - helped them with better thinking.
The Shore temple at Mahabalipuram is a complex of three shrines with accessory mandapas prakara enclosures and gopura mandapas .
The face of the biggest vimana in these three is the sea in the east and that is called the का विमान and behind it the smaller vimana superstructure on the west is called the विमान which is not dedicated to Siva .
These names inscribed on the structure are all titles of Rajasimha the builder of the , complex .
The larger eastern vimana has an additional prakara of its own closely investing it on the east the south and the north and leaving the west open .
Both the talas are devoid of the hara .
This vimana is known as the विमान of Rajasimha ' s son ; it has a simple long - sized linga and a Somaskanda panel on the inside wall of the ardha - mandapa with its external sculpture and other sculpture of Brahma and Vishnu in its shrine .
The prakara has another entrance on the west at the middle which is a real gopura entrance with a sola superstructure is smaller in size .
A group of small dvitala vimanas all round the inner face of the prakara wall consisting of only two square and kuta types .
But among the kuta vimanas of the malika of parivara shrines those along the east face west those along the west face east while those on the north and south both face east .
The external walls of these parivara shrines of the malika contain a variety of sculptures both Saivite and Vaishnavite of varied iconography thus making this temple complex a veritable museum of iconography and plastic art .
There is a small पार्श्विक in पार्श्विक with a small gopura or पार्श्विक in front and two lateral entrances in addition near the two front corners .
Thus it was the village moot hall the ग्राम even as the ग्राम in Aihole .
Like समान it had originally a small shrine at the rear now replaced by a much later one called बैकुंठपेरूमल .
The विमान likewise has a shrine - cell with the rear wall of the hall and with the विमान is later decorated as the roof shrine has the features of a more evolved Chalukyan vimana .
The का of Jain dedication with an inscription dated AD 634 is better developed .
The walled central bay forms the main sanctum and also carries the roof shrine over it .
The भूतल one of the rear bays on either side and the one on the rear walls close to the corners of the wall having two lateral bays on the median axial line with flat roofs like the central cell forming their respective ardha - mandapa .
The three mukha - mandapa bays in front as also the corresponding three at the rear have slopy roofs .
Likewise the two lateral walls of the mandapa are relieved five times corresponding to the hara elements the central one on each side being a दिशा which is again found on either side of the front eastern wall on either side of the shrine entrance .
The extreme recesses on the north and south of each lateral face of the mandapa wall .
The second tala is tall rising up as an extension over the aditala wall .
The third tala of a lesser height over it is also devoid of the hara .
Unlike this group of vimana forms in which the various stages of development were recorded in the seventh century the Sangamesvara in विमान in front is the विरूपाक्ष . and the Mallikarjuna temples all of which reflect the character of the vimana to a certain extent .
Of these the temples at गोदावरी ( East Godavari district ) are remarkable .
The बिक्कावोलु range is in two groups .
The earlier one comprises the temples called उत्तराधिकारियों . and a third having no local name ; all these might have been built perhaps in the time of उत्तराधिकारियों and his successors .
They are all square on plan three - storeyed tritala Nagara vimanas with four आदितल and salas at the aditala and second tola विमान without panjaras and devoid of the sukanasika .
These features indicate affinity and proximity to the Pallava type though their distinct regional and parental Chalukyan traits would be evident from the other features and the general stature of the vimana form .
Much skill has been shown in the construction of the मेहराब ( particularly at the head of the arch ( a pair of makara heads ) .
The नाल in the flexed cornice or kapota are horseshoe - shaped as in the Pallava and early Chalukyan examples .
The other three temples inside the village the गांव the गांव the अंदर the अंदर and the latter belong to the गांव - गांव and the last perhaps to the time of Rajaraja Narendra के - गांव .
They are also two - or three - storeyed Nagara vimanas square on plan but with their superstructures entirely or partially restored in later times and heavily plastered over प्लस्तर many original diagnostic features .
Though it is lesser in size it is more ornate with bold and round sculpture in the niches and के of Puranic scenes formed by miniature panels.
The one forming a belt round the base of the vimana walls is noteworthy in that it narrates briefly the life story of the sixty - three Saiva विमानों according to the work called शैव .
The larger दीवार sculptures set in the wall niches and in the malika corridors are in a new medium namely a black polished basalt - like stone as against the granite of the ग्रेनाइट .
They are all sculptures of a fine quality and most of them are now removed and exhibited in the Thanjavur Art gallery .
The closed maha - mandapa of this east - facing complex has an open porch - like agra - mandapa on its south with शिल्पांकन carved pillars having panel sculptures.
The mandapa like the हाथियों is also constructed as a chariot on wheels drawn by the हाथियों while the front steps have हाथियों guarded by elephants .
Outside this gopura is the ornate but small Nandi - mandapa .
Beyond is another outer gopura the बाहरी of a now non - existent outer prakara .
The addition of the devi temple brought into more common vogue the kalyana utsava or annual ceremonial marriage festival of the god and goddess for which special kalyana हुआ swing festival mandapas with attached मंडप - mandapas were built .
The advent of the special Nataraja shrine as part of the sabha - mandapas or नटराज - mandapas in Siva temples has already been mentioned .
The other types of festivals are the utsava - mandapas for different times - LRB - , - RRB - where the utsava सजाऋ - सजाऋ were decorated worshipped and taken out in procession .
The शाला or Abhishek pavilion - LRB - व्याकरण - RRB - the grammar - mandapas the colour - mandapas for dance and music - RRB - and even touching the temple complexes at शाला - शाला .
All these made the medieval temple of the Tamil land the hub not only of the religious भूमि of the community but also of social economic and other temporal activities that always centred round the temple.
Their early temples like the नवलिंग group and . in बालुकाश्म near बालुकाश्म district built in the latter half of the tenth century are perhaps the last among the structures to end the sandstone - built and the sandstone - trap rock tradition .
They adopted different soft stones such as the पत्थरों . for their temples during the middle of their times .
The fine cluster of nine temples in a group called दीवारों temple consists of nine two - or three - storeyed square vimanas single - walled and built round the sides and ends of a linear row of three mandapas all of poor quality quality .
In general appearance but of the characteristic . they resemble the बिक्कावोशु temples of the Eastern Chalukyas .
It has originally a closed navaranga - mandapa in front though an open mandapa was added later .
The central bay of the navaranga included within the four central pillars is a square larger than the eight surrounding peripheral regions .
In addition there are four supporting pillars at the four inner corners of the garbha - griha .
The pilasters on the walls are slender with capitals that have lost their robust dimensions .
The pilasters on the walls are slender with capitals that have lost their robust dimensions .
The recesses between the bays of the wall are adorned with pilasters carved on top in the Chola temples of Thanjavur and गंगैकोंडाचोलपुरम .
The decorative pilaster is framed inside a torana over two shorter pilaster shrines .
Thus the poem goes on adding to the mysterious contracts which are once again obscure in nature and human consciousness the revelation of the Universe and the except in the मानव of the human कोख of the world .
This patriot and lover of his people was the severest critic of the देशवासियों of his countrymen .
In other words the wonderful panorama of life with a sudden break makes it desolate .
All this must melt away like a shadow. Getting and not getting they both end in उच्छवास .
Sometimes he realises that all that love has been in this life and nothing more in God than in love an eternal quest of the Self without knowing its ultimate intention of finding it in its eternal love .
This meeting of religious consciousness and a satisfactory relationship with the Absolute which had to be reached its culmination during the Gitanjali period was beginning to stir within him .
But the love of life is strong and the mystic consciousness was no longer as strong .
But nearer home in the northern regions of the empire the break is observed to be more pronounced conditioned not only by the political invasion by the विदेशी rulers of alien faith but also other local and intrinsic reasons .
The change from the extant soft stone to a very large extent new and much पाषाण the hard stone as also that of the nearer predecessors . पश्चिमी and the hundreds of norms left before it were not adequately acknowledged in the history of architecture and lyrical demand .
The very peculiarities of their plan and elevation could not afford the starting point for the Vijayanagar series .
Either of them have become गली - de - sacs so to say that had taken far away from the main चालुक्यों of evolution laid by the early Chalukyas of राष्ट्रकूटों and their early Chalukyas .
For the emphasis on the विमान horizontal division resulting in the tiered nature of the superstructure was the sine qua non of the recognized southern vimana system .
In such a perspective of the suppression to almost the extent of actual दमन of the horizontal division and stratification neither could the Hoysala genre .
The similar but somewhat wider vertical the vertical लहरदार of the type with a more thrust in the Hoysala style could not satisfy the लहरदार necessity .
The stone पाषाण i . e . availability of a large place for carving together as a result of the पाषाण . encouraged the पाषाण of sculpture and पाषाण which could not be easily achieved by the artisans of विजयनगर .
Inside the eastern apse or the eastern half of the structure is accommodated a large pillared mandapa with twelve peripheral pillars each of which is a huge से of the composite character that becomes the feature of Vijayanagar temples to come.
Each one of the female figures is adorned with नारी or thin नारी inscribed on the outer page of which are attached only to the core and apex while the most characteristic feature of the flower is attached to the नारी .
Yet the navaranga design is betrayed by the raised ceiling with nine bays on the top eight of them surrounding a central one .
Inside the open arms of each one of the vyalas the stone mass is cut out with great skill into a round ball which can be rolled inside but not taken out .
The passage outside the ring of the रंगमंडप - mandapa pillars between them and the outer wall has a roof made up of two rising stages each with an outward slope while that over the central रंगमंडप - mandapa the ceiling is raised up still further as a रोशनदान .
The roofing in this highly rain - soaked region is adequately designed by the laying above of the long channel stones sloping out and placed together the adjacent parallel edges of every two channels being covered by an inverted channel stone .
This pattern is found followed in many other temples of this area and the western coastal belt .
The wall inside the larger central bays on the inner roof of the रंगमंडप - mandapa thus further elaborated the pitch of a " extant ceiling " on which there is a distinct reverse lotus and a large hanging central over it .
The circular srikoyil of में the most northerly of the row has its sanctum cells divided by a transverse diagonal wall .
The western half forms the temple of Siva has its own door - Opening and flight of steps in front and a का अर्धभाग सामने .
The eastern half is dedicated to devi Parvati with a door opening on the east .
The northern and southern faces have false doors or द्वार .
Over the moulded stone adhishthana the outer wall of the sandhara structure and its prastara show the characteristic reliefs of pilasters and miniature shrines of the kuta sala and panjara models as in the Tamil Nadu temples .
The slopy conical roof of metal sheet covers these by its overhanging eaves supported by brackets sprung from the wall .
The inner wall rising up further actually carries this immense conical roof or sikhara with a metal stupi on top .
The राम temple of Rama is the twin - storeyed temple of the group square in its plan with its adhishthana . walls and prastara raised five times on its four sides .
I have rescued them again but for the last time the बागी did not ask their intention and took the lives of the poor people and I had not ordered them to do so .
If they did so they would have been urged on to Mirza Moghul . "
The king added that many सिपाहियों and documents were signed against his will " so far as my seal appeared and his signature was a question of the fact that from the day I was occupied by the Europeans .
The papers they thought fit made by me compelled me to affix my seal.
Sometimes they brought the rough drafts of orders and had fair copies of it .
Sometimes they brought the original letters intended for despatch and left copies of them .
Hence several rough drafts in diversity of hands .
Frequently they impressed on empty shells .
It is difficult to know what papers they sent in these or to whom they sent . "
I prefer to quote from the evidence . "
He went on to say that Bahadur Shah was a पेंशनभोगी of charity and पेंशनभोगी : " The fact that the prisoner was the only medical subject in India and the British Government had not deprived him of the privilege of any one of its members .
He was a sovereign ruler and was supreme in Delhi . "
Shah Waliullah ' s statement made an attempt to prove that when he and the lawyer were with Ghulam Abbas . he was informed that these men were killed at the death of Mrs सिपाही not all that mattered much in their power .
He submitted that the King ' s servants were the murderers and the King was a party to it .
He said " No servant was ever dismissed and no investigation of any offence was ever के against anyone and in fact the murderers both intended to be the salaried King . "
In regard to the first charge he stated that he should rely on a हाथों written by the King to the Lord Governor Muhammad Bakht Khan Bahadur in his own hand and other documents and letters written by others to the King .
We accept the liability for its publication .
He further stated that the paper was entirely on my responsibility on 28th April 1883 and was published by 1883 डे as to my best knowledge , 1883 did not read the contents of its editorial before publication .
I wish to further say that Sir John नौरिस I do not know other than a respected and learned judge of the Hon 'ble court of law and whatever the interests I wrote and published with regard to the Hon.
The letter was published in the above number of articles on the letter of 28 April 1883 as follows: 'The first page 194 . . 1883 - 1883 1883 and the other under the ' editorial ' of John जॉन .
" That the Brahmo Public Opinion referred to in the said paragraph is a periodical work published in Calcutta every Thursday and is believed by the public and I believe it to be the Editor in this Court .
That the basis of the complaint was one of the best facts of the article - LRB - according to my information and belief : Thursday April 19 1883 - RRB - and no में or explanation given to it .
That the basis of the complaint was published in the issue of 26 April 1883 of the Brahmo Public Opinion and no के or स्पष्टीकरण had appeared before the publication of the said article in any other newspaper .
He added : " I had the privilege of being an Indian to my generation and before my parents ( as I understand ) who suffered imprisonment for their public duties and that too in India the case of Surendranath ' Surendranath ' s राजनीतिक ' .
He became a hero overnight.
It sowed the seed of the right of freedom of expression and trial of the press to express free and frank comments in the interest of the public .
It challenged the jurisdiction of the court to try for its contempt .
It established the dictum that even a judge of the High Court has to take care of public sentiments and cannot act in an arbitrary manner .
Interestingly enough Surendra Nath Banerjea was later made president of the 11वें session of the Indian National Congress .
He was born in a Marathi परिवार family of मराठी and was transferred to Deccan College from where he passed a degree in law under him and he joined the Kesari of journalism and wrote two letters in Marathi .
In 1857 he started the Shivaji festival and tried to revive patriotic fervour amongst the Indians .
His adverse criticism of government measures to fight the plague outbreak in Poona led to his prosecution and conviction on charge of sedition.
Tilak was prosecuted under Section तिलक .
Tilak defended himself and prepared a masterly defence which is a document of historical importance .
It was this trial in which he was asked by the judge whether he had anything to say in his defence : तिलक Tilak uttered those memorable words which were inscribed on the entrance of the room .
Tilak was sentenced to six years' transportation to Mandalay in Burma and a fine of Rs 1000 .
The third trial of Tilak took place in 1916 on his release from the six years' sentence of transportation .
In this trial also he was accused of sedition but no jail sentence was imposed .
The second trial of Tilak in 1908 is of historical importance as it acquired a place in the history of criminal jurisprudence .
Tilak was arrested and made to stand before the Presidency Magistrate to face charges in the preliminary hearing at the बंबई Court of Bombay .
He was charged with abetment of sedition and राजद्रोह of the Indian Penal Code before the Presidency Magistrate Mr A . H . S . राजद्रोह .
The counsel for Tilak argued that there should be a case .
The government advocate pressed for two separate trials and the magistrate had no choice but to order two cases according to the government viewpoint .
Tilak was committed to the High Court where such trials were conducted .
M . A . Jinnah ( the national leader of the time who became the maker of the present Pakistan ) argued on his request for bail that Tilak ' s mistakes were being corrected and those articles on तिलक ' .
For accurate translation to be submitted to the court and to enable Tilak to prepare his own defence it was only just and fair to grant him bail .
He assured the judge that Tilak could be relied upon to appear in court on the hearing day .
Mr Jinnah also reminded the judge of the earlier decision of Mr Justice Tyabji when bail in such a case was made .
He was not aware that the attitude of the government towards political activists had परिवर्तन during the intervening period and the judiciary was not free from such bias in political cases .
Mr Justice Davar refused to grant bail .
Though Tilak was not a revolutionary and nor did he believe in violent methods elaborate security arrangements were made to guard him .
The government moved its troops to control the unprecedented crowd who waited outside to have a glimpse of their beloved leader .
The authorities fearing protests from the crowd of admirers waiting outside the jail decided to bring Tilak in the darkness of the night to the High Court building to lodge him in a solitary cell at the top floor of the building .
The government had not even agreed to give him any facility ( help from advocates or jury ) and arbitrarily shifted the trial to the Bombay High Court against Tilak .
A dispute also arose about the nature of the jury .
The government wanted Tilak to be tried by a special jury to secure his conviction .
The barrister Joseph Baptista brilliantly argued against the government ' s insistence on a special jury .
Their argument was that the special jury would consist mostly of Europeans and Anglo - Indians who would not be aware of the original Marathi language of the alleged objectionable articles .
He would therefore from the very beginning be inclined to prejudice Tilak against the so - called attack against his community .
He stated that it would be a travesty of justice to have a special jury of Europeans and Anglo - Indians for a charge of भडकाने the people under Section 153 A of the Indian Penal Code .
He found it wrong that instead of highlighting a child ' s mother tongue with all freedom he was forced to occupy the complexity of the idiom of a foreign language by childhood and thereby lose the delicate balance of his mind .
And so he did not forget his school days when we made children sit inert like specimens of some museum whilst lessons were बिठा on us like flowers all the time .
He learns to assimilate these experiences with his senses before he learns it from his mind .
He should therefore be provided with an environment which will stimulate his curiosity and make his introduction to the world around him easy and pleasant .
He should be encouraged to do his work for himself and to restrict his dependence on the teacher as far as possible .
So that the child was able to understand and loved his environment before he was kept vigil over his mind and he came to know all his अंग and शांतिनिकेतन and thus he grew the शांतिनिकेतन of Mahatma Gandhi .
According to Tagore nature is the best teacher in nature .
He wanted the understanding of science to be derived from the study of nature and the development of child ' s curiosity and understanding .
In 1897.
Young Savarkar deeply impressed took an oath to fight like the लडने for India ' s freedom .
The next year it was expanded to the " friend fair " .
In 1902 Vinayak joined the पुणे College Poona and lived in its fold .
He gathered round him a band of young patriots .
In 1905 the ' विद्रोह ' spread the flame of revolt all over the country ; Savarkar ' s group aroused in Poona a bonfire of foreign cloth which led to the death of Savarkar .
After graduating in 1905 Vinayak toured extensively to gain support for his' Mitra Mela समिति which was now called' Abhinav Bharat ' ) .
In 1906 on the recommendation of तिलक Tilak Vinayak met Shyam Krishna Verma . and sailed for England .
It involved important legal issues of national and international importance .
Savarkar had purpose in life and it was to liberate his motherland from the foreign yoke .
The great patriot देशभक्त revolutionary and freedom fighter Savarkar belonged to political activities from his student days and was also an active member of the " Abhinav Bharati " Society for India ' s freedom .
While taking an active part in political activities Savarkar decided to go to England which would help to rouse the British people and the world at large to injustice against the Indian people and to their exploitation and oppression .
But having been a brilliant student it was not possible for him to go abroad at his expense .
While studying law in Bombay he heard that a great Indian patriot Shyam Krishna Verma a barrister working in England offered a scholarship to needy Indian students .
Savarkar reached London in 1906 and devoted himself to his studies .
He also directed his energy to political activities and actively associated with the Indians who propagated ideas against the British rule and supported revolutionary activities in India .
The Brigadier arrested the Onges by arm for the ship and the prisoner went on peace with him .
The Brigadier did not release his hold till they reached the deck of the ship .
It would appear that the incident did not occupy more than a few minutes .
It is alleged that the Brigadier was not ignorant of the presence of Savarkar on board the vessel and that he was commanded to prevent any Hindu from coming on shore .
These circumstances show that the persons on board in charge of Savarkar might well have believed that they could count on the assistance of the French police .
It is established that a फ्रांसिसी of the French police came to the vessel shortly after its arrival and in accordance with the orders of the Commander in respect of the watch over he was placed .
As a result the Speaker was arrested from the British police officer - in - charge of the prisoner .
The court decides :
" Though so far as has been said the case is evident from the fact that it was not for a man to indulge in भूमि or भूमि ; there was no intention of पनाह the foreign land to India by the magistrate who did not approve it .
However in the circumstances the practice of the पुलिस Brigadier ( ब्रिगेडियर ) before the evening of July 9th when he left मर्साई ' by his मर्साई before his अफसरों ' s मर्साई ' was thought to have accepted instructions .
" Though observing that Savarkar was arrested and dealt with in his custody against the British police there is no law of international law to pass the sentence in the circumstances upon him to the country that had previously been granted .
The decision of the Tribunal shocked the world for it was a mockery of the established right of asylum in International Law .
In the case of Savarkar सावरकर de मत general de Jurisprudence de Doctrine et de Legislation . 1911 .
In this judgment of the arbitrator ' s decision " in the Law Magazine and Review ( 326 p . 230 ) मध्यस्थ made strong criticism by other experts of अदालत and अदालत laws .
ब्रिटेन in International Law ( ब्रिटेन ) one - eighth edition . p . ब्रिटेन . ब्रिटेन of France v .
Some members of the British Parliament also criticised the judgment of The Hague court .
One Indian patriot Shyam Krishna Verma a letter from Europe published to it .
The Hague International Court ' s judgment had broken down faith in the fundamental rights of political refugees and was very sad to recognise them among the most distinguished political reasons for their ' freedom ' .
L . पार्लियामेंट rightly said that for the first time he had to declare " the statement " in a criminal court " . A friend who had made a mistake made the members of the British Parliament - LRB - whom he was willing to assert .
Dr . के an expert in international law on this has made the decision very limited to the right of asylum .
According to this decision if go to a distant extent it can be said that Prince पुलिस can be abducted by ब्रिटिश Russian Agent with the British police and he cannot be अपहृत by the consent of the British government and by any rules of international law .
This decision serves to emphasise the urgent need for a stable court of International Law as supplementary to the Arbitration के ( अंतर्राष्ट्रीय ) since logical न्यायालय will be achieved instead of the negative agreement . "
Thus ended the trial of a patriot and revolutionary who loved his motherland and risked his life for its liberation from the दमनकारी British rule .
The trial left the imprint of Savarkar ' s personality on International Law and the footprints of a champion of liberty who heroically strove for the deliverance of a suppressed man .
The effect was so great that it forced the M . हेग of France to resign soon after the decision of the Hague .
Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi was born at Porbandar in Gujarat on 2nd October 1869 .
He was the youngest of three sons and had one sister .
His father Karamchand पिता was Prime Minister of Rajkot .
Gandhi was in school till 1887 .
Gandhi was married in 1881 to था .
After spending nine months in a college he left for England in September 1888 to study law .
He returned to India in 1891 and set up a practice .
In April 1893 Gandhi was called to Natal in the service of a merchant named Seth .
On arrival he experienced in person the harsh treatment meted out to coloured people by अश्वेत .
There he wrote ताल्सतोय : " The Kingdom of God was within you and he was much impressed by his writings .
Gandhi returned to India on 19 December 1914 and after an interrupted stay in February - March 1915 collected his companions of सत्याग्रह and established the Satyagraha Ashram in Ahmedabad city on 25 May 1915 .
It was shifted in June 1917 to the banks of the Sabarmati river opposite the city .
Between 1917 and 1918 Gandhi participated in two movements in Champaran ( Bihar ) and चंपारण ( Gujarat ) and in the labour dispute in Ahmedabad .
World War I ended on 11 November 1918 and this was followed by the proposal of the Rowlatt Bills designed to curb the rising tide of rebellion in India .
Gandhi reacted strongly against these repressive laws and led the resurgent Indian nationalism .
From 1924 to 1929 Gandhi devoted himself largely to constructive programmes and launched the " Satyagraha " movement .
In 1924 he was elected president of the Indian National Congress .
There have been a number of detailed studies on his life - history and political social customs religious and economic ideas .
Gandhi was looked upon by many primarily as a religious leader and many accepted him as the leader of Indian nationalism .
He was very regular and methodical in his habits and austere in his style of living .
Gandhi respected the sincere religious beliefs of every individual and his dealings with men and women were entirely humane and would be prepared to alleviate the sufferings of all the women who came to him for shelter .
All I want to say is that when the proper time comes I shall plead 'guilty' so far as disaffection towards the government is concerned .
Of course I am the editor of " Young India " ; the articles read in my presence have been written by me and the publishers and owners have allowed me to determine the policy of the whole newspaper .
It was recorded in the proceedings that the accused अभियुक्त did not wish to call any defence witnesses and that he had no objection if the trial in the Sessions Court proceeded without delay .
Accused किया ( 2 ) refused to call any defence witnesses and requested the court to take up the case early .
The magistrate passed the following orders under Section 213 .
He is charged with sedition by publishing some particular articles in ' Young India ' . The accused person is the editor of this newspaper and accused अखबार 2 .
" I hereby charge against you Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi .
" by the editor of ' Young India ' you wrote on 29th September 1921 . 15 December 1921 and on 23 February 1922 in Ahmedabad to give an भडकाने to the Crown and to the Crown Courts or to the British Government in writing .
The long - suppressed emotions rose in the minds of the people the high tide of sorrow and a long procession in the तीर्थयात्रा pilgrimage sailed for तीर्थयात्रा Gandhi from the ever - dragging hands which clung to the hearts of the people .
The final scene of the trial still continued the farewell of friends and followers who continued to visit him in a row and for each of them Gandhiji had a kind word or friendly मुकदमे .
तक left for about an hour .
The military officers were waiting with a car for Gandhiji .
At about 2 o 'clock Gandhiji entered the car with Kasturba , Pandit Malaviya Banker and Mrs Naidu .
The anxious crowds standing outside the Circuit House attempted to shout their का cry of गांधी Gandhi ki गांधी but Gandhiji stopped him with a sign of his hand .
The message of truth and non - violence continued to be recorded in the pages of history .
Strangely one of the principal grounds advanced by the prosecution for rejecting bail applications and accepted by the magistrate was that the case had been started by the Government of India after due care and therefore the accused were in all likelihood guilty .
The preliminary enquiry commenced before Mr Milner White special magistrate at the district court of Meerut .
In his early address he emphasised the role of Moscow and the Third International in carrying on communist propaganda in India .
Making a detailed account of the origin of the Third International in particular the aims and methods of violence they said that the majority of people connected with the non - violent movement enjoys this freedom of blood and violence under the directions of the third International .
In addition he pointed out the role of the Red International of Labour Unions the National Minorities Movement and the League लीग for the spread of communism in India .
As a whole of the non - communist trend in the world Sri James pointed out that the communists in Russia had destroyed their own country and now it was the so - called social structure of India .
They made vigorous efforts to capture the Trade Union Congress in 1927 and last year they persistently adhered to the Moscow Group .
The sentences were reduced significantly .
व्यक्तियों and eight others were completely acquitted .
Considering the fact that the accused had already been confined for more than four years ; the High Court tried to get some trouble .
In the Sessions Court the prosecution evidence came to record for over 13 months .
5 . . : Four months .
The hearing of the discussion started on 24th July 1933 .
The trial was a farce throwing all established legal norms and procedures to the winds.
Sardar Bhagat Singh was born in बंगा in Banga in the बंगा district of the Punjab Kishan Singh and . in 1907 - LRB - exact date of birth is not known .
On completion of his primary education at the village school in Banga Bhagat Singh was sent to the D. V. College at Lahore .
From 1923 to the time of his death in 1931 Bhagat Singh fought for the liberation of his motherland .
In 1925 he founded the लाहौर Bharat Sabha at Lahore to inculcate a spirit of revolution among the youth .
He came in contact with other revolutionaries like Sukhdev सुखदेव Yashpal Chan - dra Shekhar Azad सुखदेव Nath Das and others who were working with the youth .
When the Simon Commission landed in Bombay on 3rd February 1928 the Congress gave a call of black flag demonstration .
Lala Lajpat Rai received serious injuries. He succumbed to his injuries and died on 17th November 1928 within 15 days of the incident .
Bhagat Singh undertook to avenge this national insult with ' खून ' blood ' .
Bhagat Singh reached the office of Mr Scott his two close companions पुलिस Rajguru and Azad पुलिस .
Bhagat Singh and his comrades took their pre - planned positions in the office located in the Punjab Central Secretariat .
After some time , came out of an English office .
Jai Gopal one of Bhagat Singh ' s comrades mistook him for Mr Scott .
Actually he was J . P . Saunders Assistant Superintendent of Police .
The moment Saunders started his motorcycle and rode out of the gate on to the road at 4. 20 p. m. at the awaited signal from Jai Gopal Raj Guru fired at Saunders hitting him in the neck .
The nation rejoiced at सांडर्स shooting for it was not an act of violence or terror but it was a question of the honour of Lala Lajpat Rai and the honour of the entire nation .
Both Bhagat Singh and B . K . Dutt . were cheerful and smiling .
Contrary to the procedure in the court they were seated on a bench in the dock .
Behind them sat the jail official and some C . D . men .
Eleven prosecution witnesses ( all government servants ) were examined that day .
Not a single independent witness was there .
When the court rose for lunch Bhagat Singh ' s family was allowed to meet him in the presence of police officers .
At the interview Bhagat Singh said to his father again that the government was bent on sending him to the gallows and that his father should not be anxious about him .
But the court rejected the demand saying that it was not binding on any person .
The statement ended with the slogan 'Long Live the ' जिंदाबाद ' .
The hearing of the case ended on 10th June 1929 and the judgment was announced .
हुए the judgment the Sessions Judge observed :
The accused have agreed to throw a bomb in the Assembly .
They allege that the prosecution evidence regarding the seizure of the pistol is false and that some of the prosecution evidence regarding the throwing of bombs is also false .
" They affirm that they hold human life sacred and state that they dropped the bombs as a protest and as a warning .
They have simply stated the damage caused by bombs and they say that it was not their intention to incur any serious injury .
I accept the direct and oral evidence produced before me as cogent evidence that Bhagat Singh and Dutt both threw a bomb into the Assembly chamber that Bhagat Singh fired a pistol .
The facts which are necessary for the charges enumerated are that the two accused threw a bomb and I find it proved that .
The trial started on 10th July 1929 .
It included 27 persons .
Of the 27 six were at large and could not be found .
Of the remaining 18 three were discharged under various streams .
The remaining 15 including नाथ Nath Ghosh and Bhagat Singh were put on trial .
The first two were found unreliable and the prosecution case rested mainly on the evidence of the remaining five गया .
All the accused were young .
He knew the results ; so he did not take the matter seriously and was indifferent to it .
Bhagat Singh and his comrades tried many ways to laugh at the court and its proceedings .
The tactics adopted by Bhagat Singh included singing of revolutionary songs raising slogans during the proceedings with his comrades joining in and thus obstructing the proceedings of the court which was just a farce.
The first charge was that of the accused बर्मा : शाह ' s हत्याएं against Sultan Shah Nawaz Khan के the accused of रंगून बर्मा and बर्मा बर्मा .
" Second charge: Indian Army Act Section 41 ( against the said Captain P. K . Sehgal .
Fourth charge : Section 41 ( against the said Lt. Gurbaksh Singh Dhillon ) .
Committing a civil offence that is to say murder contrary to Section 302 I. P. C. in that he - LRB - Lt. Dhillon - RRB - at or near बर्मा Hill in Burma on or about 16th March 1945 by causing the death of 302 Chand .
" 5th charge : Indian Army Act . Section 41 ( against the said आर्मी ) .
" Sixth charge: Indian Army Act Section 41 ( against the said Lt. Gurbaksh Singh Dhillon alone ) .
Committing a civil offence that is to say murder contrary to Section 302 I. P. C. in that he - LRB - Lt. Dhillon - RRB - at or near बर्मा Hill in Burma on or about 6th March 1945 by causing the death of 302 Singh .
According to the language of the book on International Law the liability is to the State under whose direction they fought and such liability is not payable under international law .
Of course if a rebellion is successful then it becomes a new government and that is the end of it and the answer is given to my clients . "
Bhulabhai Desai went straight to the basic issue ( as to the right of protest against the situation he observed it was the question of the kings where it was the situation for which it was decided that there should be no longer acceptable one .
" It is difficult for an Indian to take the position of a court in a case like this .
Where the King and the country coincide there is no question of an option .
If a war is fought against the King and against the interests of his country it does not come up with the question but if it is a struggle for independence the question does arise and I should like to go some further to show that article of human rights .
When it is formally fighting to liberate the country then the point is whether the question of allegiance can arise ?
How can you be told when you fight to liberate your country there is greater loyalty to some of your आर who prevents you from so doing the war .
That means nothing but permanent slavery. "
He continued that modern International Law had recognised the right of subject races not at the moment independent to so organise as to fight for their liberation .
Shri Asaf Ali अदालत prominent advocate from Delhi assisted by Shri जिया Lal जिया and other advocates appeared in court to defend Sheikh Abdullah .
Sheikh Abdullah delivered all his speeches in the Kashmir Valley only one speech in Urdu .
The prosecution relied on various extracts from the speeches as taken down in the hand by C. I. D. s translated and submitted to the State Government .
The complaint is quoted below which shows that incorrect translations were used to frame charges under Section 124 - A to silence the voice of the people and curb freedom movement in the State .
His उपनगरों Profile ( ) ) The Governor of Jammu and Kashmir and the Government of Jammu and Kashmir and His Majesty King Bahadur ' s स्थानों ' were established by the Governor - General for the purposes of generating hatred and contempt against him .
" India has three - fourths under the direct control of the British but one - fourth in indirect control .
In these parts ten crore human beings live as slaves .
We shall end the rule of the Partition of India - LRB - I - RRB - and in the speeches of 16th May 1946 : What do Hindus Muslims and Sikhs of this State want ?
They do not want to fall prey to the राजाओं of Rajas and Maharajas .
Forty lakh people were falling prey to a human being .
I should like to tell the Hindus who praised the Dogra Raj what the Raj is Its foundation is built on shameful treachery .
Today I want to take revenge of this shameful treachery from the descendants of Maharaja Gulab Singh .
" He prophesied that time will come when the dead from the graves of Kashmir will rise from the coffins and shout के Raj राज .
No conspiracy can keep these people in slavery .
" We have to decide to liberate from our blood from slavery .
" The rebellion is entitled to every slave .
" After three hundred years we will put an end to this Dogra Raj .
This is a holy war .
युद्ध people to join the war .
Those who waste their blood - sweat earned by the people on dogs and horses कमाई worse than dictators .
It is the duty of every man to break away from their clutches . "
( 3 ) The prosecution asserted that in general the above speeches and in particular the articles contained in them refer to the Government of Jammu and Kashmir and His हिज to His Highness हिज हिज of contempt and disaffection towards the end .
( 4 ) सभाओं before these सभाओं During and after their death slogans were raised with a number of other things which were the direct result of excitement of the speeches .
These slogans have no other significance and effect except that of hatred and contempt against the ruler and the family .
The prosecution examined 26 witnesses in support of the prosecution .
Most of the witnesses were police and C . D . men and officials .
Some of them were not well - versed in the English language ; and he wrote his own speeches and translated the same into English .
It was clear from the beginning that the government and the court were anyhow bent upon सजा Sheikh Abdullah .
The speeches were torn out of context and the entire prosecution was based on notes of such speeches .
Though badly translated the speeches show the rare courage of a fighter who stood up to and spoke against British Raj and that of the Maharaja his atrocities and misrule .
Sheikh Abdullah courageously admitted that he had made the inflammatory speeches and that he was firm in his statements .
This threatened the penal and preventive streams of law .
Where law is not based on will of the people it can lend itself to the suppression of their aspirations .
Such law may be enforced for some time does not hold any moral validity .
I submit to the same law and wish to stand up with the fearlessness and confidence of the same tribunal and I and my colleagues left this duty not just to the 400 million people in Jammu and Kashmir but to all the States of India .
These claims are not confined to a particular caste a creed or a धर्म it is applicable to all for I regard humanity as a whole entity not broken by such divisions and human rights always prevail .
" Some allegations have also been made that 'Quit Kashmir' and the demand for the abrogation of the Treaty of Amritsar have communal or communist inspiration.
This is a travesty of fact and I deny and repudiate these allegations .
The National Conference is essentially a national organisation called पीपल्स in which the people agree with its objectives and co - operate with the All India States People ' s Conference with which it is concerned .
It stands also for social and economic changes to end privileges and to raise the masses.
शेख his statement before the Sessions Court Sheikh Abdullah uttered these memorable words :
That is no great thing .
Only then will we be worthy of our motherland . "
His defence statement depicted the sorry plight of the people of Kashmir due to autocratic misrule by the Do - कुशासन who had bought Kashmir and were दुरूपयोग its revenue.
The public prosecutor submitted that all the charges had been proved and that Sheikh Abdullah should be awarded the highest sentence .
Mr Asaf Ali defence counsel made a memorable speech in defence .
He said : For various reasons both internal and external the trial has become a landmark in history particularly in the chequered history of Kashmir .
And I venture to say that the trial achieved throughout the history of India has reflected in the fact that the great leaders of India have been like Mahatma Gandhi Jawaharlal Nehru and Sardar Bhagat Nehru and so on.
It is a well - known fact that even His Excellency the Viceroy and His हिज Chancellor of the Chamber of Princes were also apprised on the existence of the case and they have it is believed taken notice .
As far as general public interest is concerned it is clear from the long details of the newspaper reports on the part of the vast educated population of India in this case .
In this sense it is a historic trial .
Sir हैं it involves serious issues .
It is not a simple case of sedition but if it were so the prosecution would have kept themselves strictly within the limits of the law of sedition and would have ended the case in three days .
It seemed to him a point which went to the very roots of the Constitution of the State .
This raised the fundamental rights of the people not only of this state but also of the people of all the Indian States . "
Asaf Ali then attacked the prosecution witness and evidence .
The prosecution has challenged the powers of voice - raising their fundamental rights .
The gist of the speeches delivered by the accused from the 6th to the 16th is also the same .
What is he demanding ?
He is demanding a responsible and representative government i . e . g . a government run by the people for the good of the people .
Is this an unreasonable demand ?
Today in 1946 when the British cabinet has declared that India has the right to be free and that India has decided to break her independence today it will be within her domain .
At a time when the entire world is thinking of people ' s freedom as to whether it is an offence to say whether the Government will play the basis of the people in this state instead of the annual international decree .
It is the voice of human conscience .
It is the voice of the people .
Sheikh Abdullah embodies the popular aspirations and rights of the people .
His remarks will be repeated again and recorded in history .
Therefore I would like to say that if these are treated as inappropriate अधिकारों it will explain the rights of the people known as inherent approvals or जनता or जनता ; grave violation " of the constitutional law .
He asked the prosecution to base charges on sentences of अभियोग quotations from the speeches made by the prosecution .
It is not the best way to work out the impact of a sentence on a sentence but your judicial bureau ' has approved in a recent judgment in the matter of बजाज .
I shall only refer to the appropriate and relevant portion of this decision .
It states that the words of the Judge - LRB - a - RRB - should be taken into consideration by considering the accounts pending in the proceedings of the above judicial pronouncements ( न्यायिक ) and observed that they should be taken from a न्यायिक point of view .
It should also be remembered that mere abusive epithets अपमानजनक के के turbid language will not make the writing in question .
What is important is the theory that after a thorough perusal of these papers one comes to the conclusion that he has read - and - set Press to the established government a taste of contempt or aversion to the minds of the common man .
He then went on to analyse the language of RSS under Sections 121 - A and B . C . to prove it further to the extent of not to the extent of जनसंख्या it is carried to the extent of राजद्रोही .
So what are these simple rules ?
We are content to adopt the words of a learned judge which are to be found in every book dealing with this branch of the criminal law .
All these things come about in the case of treason because of word कर्म action or writing which are intended to disturb the tranquility of the State and lead ignorant people to subvert the government .
All these spheres constitute the biosphere together .
In the biosphere apart from human beings only plants पशु animals पशु birds , fishes and कीट ( insects ) and micro - organisms ( such as algae micro - organisms and virus ) .
The atmosphere gives us oxygen while जलमंडल and आक्सीजन give us water food and space .
The atmosphere and the जीवमंडल as well as the जीवमंडल if any change occurs in the जीवमंडल जीवमंडल भौतिक whether physical or chemical जीवमंडल the effect of every living organism in the biosphere .
This change is called pollution and the agents responsible for this pollution are called pollutants.
Pollution started to rise slowly after the industrial revolution .
This in turn has endangered man and the animals and plants nearby .
In Singapore noise has caused a variety of physical and mental tensions .
पडोसियों and fits of madness in domestic areas are often attributed to neighbour ' s पडोसियों construction machinery and traffic noise .
The day is not far when such conditions are created in India .
The prime cause of pollution is the growing population .
An increase of just अरब billion in a population of only 20 years has led to a sharp decline in resources and the waste is much bigger .
Yet with all sorts of pollution around man continues to live without विचारे for him .
- None of us can forget the terrible industrial tragedy that had occurred in Bhopal on December 3 1984 .
अंधा gas from a chemical plant operated by Union Carbide escaped into the atmosphere killing over 4 000 local residents and rendering blind and crippling a large section of the city ' s surviving population .
Not only Bhopal but now every city every town every corner of the earth is facing such a crucial problem .
Every day every minute we breathe polluted air and are subject to air pollution .
A man can live without food for a month without water for two to three days but he cannot live without breathing even for a minute .
It is estimated that an average adult male exchanges 15 kg of air a day in comparison to about 1. 5 kg of the food consumed and 2. 5 kg of water intake.
It is therefore certain that the quantum of pollutants that enter our body with respiration would be manifold in comparison to polluted water or contaminated food .
Air is a mixture of gases comprising 78 per cent nitrogen . 21 per cent oxygen . a little less than 1 per cent and कार्बन per cent carbon dioxide .
As long as this composition is maintained the air is pure.
The major reason for the increase in air pollution is the rising number of motor vehicles and the two coal - based thermal power plants that operate within city limits .
Of the total emission of about प्रदूषक tonnes per day the atmosphere in Delhi is due to automobile exhausts .
The worst of all pollution is the accumulation of exhaust fumes ( especially in winter ) that causes severe respiratory disorders . "
The severity of air pollution in Calcutta is in no way lesser than that of any other city .
Calcutta is one of the most polluted cities in the world .
The maximum number of वायु in the air of Calcutta is कलकत्ता per cent compared to 360 m in Teheran 255 . / m in Athens and 23 माइक्रोग्राम / m in London .
Madras is one of the four महानगरों to suffer the consequences of polluted air although its greatest influence seems in north Madras where industry is भुगत .
Hyderabad is severely affected by polluted air with clouds of smoke and exhaust fumes spreading over 194 sq kms of the city and its neighbourhood.
The quantity of pollutants discharged by automobile exhausts is estimated to be about 450 tonnes per day and the sky is always grey such that a resident of the city cannot see the stars clearly .
It is interesting to note that the amount of lead in blood is higher than in non - smokers .
Among the particulate pollutants asbestos needs a special mention .
The use of asbestos has increased है during the last 30 years .
Used primarily as roofing material for buildings and for insulating brake and clutch किनारों in automobiles asbestos content in the air has also increased .
Another dreaded disease caused by polluted air containing dust particles is धूल .
It is a common dust - related disease .
Workers in mines and in industries like that of pottery ceramics granite carving and sand blasting run a risk of contacting this disease which in the beginning shows no symptoms but gradually leads to cough and shortness of breath .
क्षयरोग is often combined with tuberculosis .
Effects on Plants Air pollutants affect the plants directly through their leaves and stems.
Pollution on plants is a indirect effect by the roots when solids अम्लीकृत with pollutants are absorbed .
They interact with other plant stresses such as frost or drought and aggravate the condition.
Trees and shrubs are reportedly drying in the gardens of the Imperial Palace in Japan .
In northern गणराज्य Federal Republic of Czechoslovakia polluted air from brown - coal belt has caused blight in agricultural areas and has heavily damaged forests .
There are three pollutants of prime concern to the farmers the sulphur dioxide ' s compound and haze .
If only a few cells are affected the leaf becomes brownish red in colour or its original green colour fly .
This effect is called हैं .
In the same year he echoed this sentiment in his famous song which is today the national anthem of India .
All sorrow and sorrow all sorrow sorrows and attacks whether in the outer world or in the midst of which Rabindra wrote his life ' s journey back to the full length and breadth of his soul ' s life in the next decade .
Fifty - one of these 157 songs were later translated by him into English and published in the English book of that name which made him world - famous .
They are too well - known to need any introduction or commentary .
The आवरण are obstacles in our union ; they are obstacles in their union ; they will literally drown our breath . "
Love of God and love of man strength in sorrow and humility in joy an innocent wonder that hides centuries of thought invest these songs with an appeal that is both universal and eternal and which has no message .
The very first poem of this volume ( the Bengali edition ) reveals the poet ' s mood : I shall never brook myself .
Dr . . views the problem on another .
He adds that the depletion of the ozone layer is a direct consequence of space probes and not just due to chlorofluorocarbons - LRB - ओजोन - RRB - released by aerosol cans and the refrigeration industries .
She says that every time a rocket is fired into space 70 - 150 tonnes of chlorine is dumped in the atmosphere.
In the 1980s about 500 rockets and space spacecraft sent up every year the number had reached 1 500 .
से of the ozone layer may also be due to the presence of oxides of nitrogen especially nitric oxide which is discharged from जहाजों aircraft and from automobile fumes .
Extensive use of nitrates as fertilisers leads to the production of large quantities of नाइट्रोजन oxide which subsequently gets converted into nitric oxide .
नाइट्रिक oxide attacks the ozone ( औ3 ) and converts it to oxygen .
It is reported that the doubling of chlorofluorocarbons will warm the globe by क्लोरोफ्लोरोकार्बन - क्लोरोफ्लोरोकार्बन and lead to severe consequences .
There are 66 thermal power stations in India which generate about 30 - 40 million tonnes of fly ash per annum or 1 lakh tonnes per day .
With the expected increase in power plants and their capacity the tonnage of fly ash is estimated to reach about 5 lakh tonnes a day .
Such enormous amounts of fly ash should not be wasted but converted into useful uses .
Research is being carried out to convert the fly ash into Portland - राख cement concrete bricks and cellular concrete .
Old engines and equipments increase .
They must be either set right or if possible replaced with new ones.
It is essential for every industry likely to use air pollution control equipments such as वायु वायु and filter .
Thermal power plants and other industries releasing fly ash need to incorporate ताप संयत्रों in their process stream itself .
Mere adoption of pollution control measures is not enough .
में in the Bhopal gas tragedy described as the शताब्दी of the शताब्दी claimed over 4 000 lives and maimed many thousands .
Several thousands lost their eyesight.
Who is to blame this tragedy ?
How did the tragedy occur ?
The lethal methyl रिसकर गैस - LRB - गैस - RRB - that had sneaked from the storage tanks of Union Carbide ' s यूनियन manufacturing unit .
The leaking बाहर mingled with the ambient air and poisoned it .
The poisoned air sprawled and spread its मानव to hook the lives of human beings cattle and birds in the vicinity of the Union Carbide factory .
Years have rolled by but the दिलों of terror still remains with the people of Bhopal .
A report from the Indian Council of Medical Research reveals that the sufferings of the afflicted continue unabated .
The pH is an index of hydrogen ion concentration of a liquid .
Water with pH less than 7 tends to become acidic and alkaline when above 7 .
The pH range of acid rain - water is 2 - 5 .
Thus water with pH 4 is still more corrosive 10 times than water having a pH 5.
Water of pH 3 is still more corrosive 100 times than water having a pH 5.
If this is the case then one can imagine the corrosive nature of acid rain with a pH ranging between. 2 and 3 .
The lowest pH storm recorded for a storm in the north - eastern region of the United States was 2. 1 during November 1964 .
The lowest ever recorded in Europe was 2.4 as acidic as वर्षा in यूरोप town in Scotland .
Still lower pH value of वर्षा was observed during 1983 at अमेरिका in West Virginia United States .
In India rainfall of बृहत्तर . was recorded in Greater Mumbai in 1974 - 75 .
The problem in most of our cities is that the old power plants have not yet installed high chimneys and continue to emit sulphur सल्फर nitrogen oxides remain even more difficult to control and the problem of acid rain continues to increasing .
What has taken human kind decades to build and Nature millennia to evolve is being impoverished and destroyed in a matter of a few years . "
The harmful effects of acid rain can retard the growth of crops and plants on earth damage forests and pose dangerous health problems associated with respiration for man.
In Germany Switzerland and Sweden about half of the natural forests are dead or are dying and about 60 per cent of the trees in Britain are सड .
In agriculture these chemicals are used to protect plants from diseases and to treat seeds .
These pesticides developed during the past three decades only though being useful to man have led to several environmental problems .
DDT has saved many lives by killing mosquitoes that carry malaria and other diseases but this is when DDT accumulates in the bodies of fish flies birds and other wildlife .
A wide variety of approaches were used to increase agricultural production leading to the resurgence of pests with more resistance.
This necessitated the use of a large number of पीडकनाशी drugs which have led to the existence of पीडकनाशियों in almost all the agricultural operations .
The मांस are found in vegetables like सब्जियों milk , mother ' s milk , fish and meat .
Samples of food and water reveal residue levels far exceeding the maximum permissible limits permitted : विश्व or पानी compounds .
Most of them are soluble in fat ; so many of them are constantly added in the food chain .
Toxic metals : This category includes metals such as mercury कैडमियम lead कैडमियम chromium तांबा copper and arsenic ; each of them will be discussed separately .
The people have recently woken up to the threat of mercury poisoning in the atmosphere .
Natural waters contain only a few parts per billion of mercury .
Mercury enters the biosphere as a waste product during the production of chlorine when mercury is used as an पारे in the विद्युत of जल .
Apart from the oil refineries plastic and battery manufacturing industries also contribute to mercury pollution .
The dangers of exposure to mercury were first discovered in the nineteenth century when hat - makers met with peculiar symptoms of quiver and की of speech .
Due to exposure to large quantities of mercury hat - makers became susceptible to impairment of the central nervous system .
In the early fifties hundreds of people died of mercury poisoning at मर in Japan .
In the small and beautiful city of पुरूषों there was a disease called पुरूषों which was devoured by men , women and children .
In the beginning 400 were struck by this disease affecting the nervous system of the people in 1950 .
" I sit for hours with sad sorrow on the bank of the river ; in waiting for a boat that has not yet returned but to the West Bank I have dreamt of a बंसी - किनारे star to the ceiling .
At last on 27 May 1912 Rabindranath sailed for London accompanied by his son रवीन्द्रनाथ and daughter - in - law रवीन्द्रनाथ .
Rothenstein had visited India in 1910 and had come to know the artist - brothers कलाकार and कलाकार during his stay in Calcutta .
I asked him first if he could draw him ? in fact he had an intimate and dignified personality as well as an inner revolution - and I tried to assess him with a pencil .
A city 's water supply usually comes from a distant location but its sewage enters nearby मलजल
The मलजल and आक्सीजन components present in sewage cause a depletion of dissolved oxygen in the water .
Lack of oxygen leads to a strong sense of smell .
The presence of large quantities of suspended matter causes serious problems because it gets deposited on the river bed or behind नदी as mud .
When the suspended matter is of highly organic nature putrefaction sets .
As a result the solid wastes with objectionable odour are गैसों up by gas to float on the surface and to दुर्गंध mouth .
The pathogenic bacteria cause cholera typhoid fever and पेचिश dysentery .
London ' s history provides a classic instance .
Sewage turned the river हैजे into a mass of filth with the dying people dying in cholera outbreaks in 1849 and 1853 .
During this period typhoid epidemics hit many cities in the USA .
Agricultural Pollutants in Water Sewage is not the only source of excess nutrients in surface water .
Modern technologies used in agriculture and the numerous synthetic fertilisers and herbicides have also contributed to the environmental degradation .
Chemical fertilisers are also often washed out of the soil by rains .
They eventually drain into streams and rivers where they nourish the algae as effectively as they would have nourished the farmer ' s crops in the fields .
There are three major pollutants under this category : fertilisers aluminium पीडकनाशियों and animal waste .
In recent years use of fertilisers has increased .
Fertilisers generally contain one or more of the plant पौधों phosphorous and potassium .
Application of excess fertilisers than what is required is washed and ultimately joins water resources .
Among the fertilisers nitrates cause undesirable effects on rivers and lakes .
The सागर Sea ( the Lake सागर ) fed by the river Jordan provides one - third of water supply to , Israel .
कृषि from the agricultural areas around Jordan have been flowing into the lake and causing करते .
Same is true of detergent phosphates which pass through the sewage systems to break down to टूटकर .
वनस्पतियां is the enrichment of nutrient salts and development of a richer and more varied वनस्पतियां .
The process is sometimes referred to as ' शैवाल - शैवालों ' in plant vegetation at that time there is a lot of algae .
These excessive growths later decay to produce foul आक्सीजन with a resultant increase in the demand for oxygen .
About 50 - 70 per cent of phosphorous flowing into lakes and rivers of the USA each year comes from the breakdown of detergent डिटर्जेंटों .
The European Lake also suffers from the same problem where a 2 500 per cent increase in phosphorous since 1920 has led to depletion of two - thirds of its oxygen.
Increase in the number of cattle and poultry has also been a cause for water pollution .
The wash - waters from cattle and poultry farms contain phosphates organic matter , bacteria and other micro - organisms which over the years cause जीव .
The best example is the alcohol factory .
Another major contributor is विद्युत wastes which are normally stored inside the factory premises .
Though stored in the premises the wastes percolate through the soil and heavily contaminate the adjoining wells.
These obscene conditions are prevalent where tanneries and textile mills are located at one place .
For example such a sight is common in Tamil Nadu at तमिलनाडु .
Whoever passes through that area can see the frothy colourful pools of effluents stagnating on either side of the road and emanating a foul odour.
These pools along with small streams of effluents running over agricultural lands have rendered unfit more than 1000 wells which were once a major source of irrigation and drinking water .
When Tagore arrived there he first remembered Rothenstein who knew that Rothenstein had a taste for his poems and gave him the notebook in which he had translated his poems .
'That evening रोथेन्स्टाइन Rothenstein " I read the poems .
This was what I discovered was a very different form of poems so that the great mystics had written .
What Yeats felt about these poems he read in the Introduction he wrote in the Introduction to the book of the India Society of London ' संख्यक ' and I read the manuscript of translated poems with you for several days .
रोथेन्स्टाइन appreciation of the poems encouraged Rothenstein 'to call a few friends at his आवास house on the evening of 30 June when Yeats read out the poems to a choice gathering of distinguished writers.
It was here that Tagore first met C . . who later became his friends and colleagues for life .
Andrews who was at that time a missionary attached to the Cambridge Brotherhood has left his record of that memorable evening : " On that day I returned from the हैम्पस्टीड of कैम्ब्रिज .
I wanted to be alone and think in silence of the wonder and glory of it .
When I went to the Heath after I left the हीथ the night was clear and the white sky became as clear as the Indian atmosphere.
हुए पाउंड after the publication of his poems in Gitanjali पाउंड Pound कविताओं : " It ' s more than a month ago when I . येट्स into a great poet ' s room .
It is difficult to imagine where to begin with . . . . We have all of a sudden found our new Greece .
As it may have been rightly seen in the days before the Renaissance in Europe it appears to me to be a calm of check - up and yet to feel the मशीनीकरण of मशीनीकरण .
And it is here that there is a great deal of difference in the western concept where with the bigger " dramatic preparation we need to show that man is trying to conquer Nature .
It is contrary to the Greek man in which man has been regarded as the victim or the toy of the Creator and the two are caught in the clutches of destinies and when I took leave of him the stone has always been the savage !
All I need do is to say is that these poems were enriched by the exaltation of a sense which as a result of some 40 things our western life was creating the कोलाहल and the विज्ञापन of our cities .
" If there is any error in these poems - I do not think there is any merit in them and if they have any merit whatsoever this is not very good for the common reader for they are too pious .
And I have nothing but pity for the reader who is unable to see that his piety is the poetic piety of Dante and that it is of great use .
Tagore was not in England when Gitanjali was published .
Though his stay in England during this visit was not long it lasted for over four months but was very hectic and fruitful thanks to जाए .
Among the important people he met Bernard Shaw : Bernard Shaw H. . Bertrand Russell जान John गॉल्सवर्दी मूर Robert Bridges John मैसफील्ड मूर मूर मूर Moore मूर हडसन and मूर .
He himself was greatly impressed by him and he joined his new friends and expanded his outlook with which he wrote : ' Those who know English only in India ?
Rothenstein proposed to the India Society that they should print Tagore ' s poems for their members and Yeats agreed to write an appreciation .
Thus गीतांजलि ' was first published in English version with 750 copies long before मैकमिलन was published by अंग्रेजी .
Traffic noise blaring horns loudspeakers that चीरते the air and film songs and discourses cause needless noise in the cities .
There are three major source of noise pollution .
Traffic .
Community activities ( entertainment recreation construction works etc .
Industrial noise particularly mechanical गैस and gas appliances to be unbearable and cause nuisance to the public .
Most noise comes from traffic systems .
The aeroplane as a जहाजों is the newest aspect of aeroplane noise .
It causes significant damage to property besides giving a fright to humans and animals .
Blood pumped from the heart diminishes according to professions .
It needs to be told about the " shock reaction " that affects our nervous system and psycho - motor skills .
Even our optical system is not spared.
Some of the harmful effects of the noise are: i . e . g . the spread of the puppets i . e . g . the wo . Night loss and colour reduction .
Noise affects sleep and work performance ; it is more obvious on people who are in clock repair and work .
For example noise from a fan can be reduced by increasing the number of blades or by decreasing the rotational speed without reduction in the wind .
The time has come for us to look at the gravity of the situation and act in such a way as to make life more worthy of living on this earth for our future generations .
It is true that man wants to survive and for that he must have breathing air and drinking water .
He must have clear blue skies ; clean rivers and lush green forests .
Environment is the priceless gift of nature .
Protection of environment and maintenance of ecological balance is our main duty .
We should keep the earth green so that we can live together in a free environment .
We must protect the environment to protect ourselves .
Otherwise the day is not far when man himself is an endangered species .
As far as an असंबद्ध person can guess from a translation that does not seem to be an exaggeration.
It is certain that no poet in Europe since the death of Goethe in 1832 can rival Tagore in noble humanity in unaffected greatness in classical sciences . "
As a matter of fact there is no distinct difference between the tropical lower land of Bengal and the snow - capped highlands of Scandinavia in physical climate and social environments.
These poems left an indelible impression on the mind of a fifteen - year - old unknown young boy who lived in a corner of Ireland who had received the Nobel Prize for writing his own novel आयरलैंड
What is an enviable god ? " He the great सखा lover of God the Beloved . the flower बजाता an unknown man playing a lute in the boat clinging to a boat clinging to a कमल .
Nowadays the शिशु in the west are the director of our God or the Big All World Firm Inc. or the primitive imaginary इंक of the child ' s mind .
He is the one we cry to in the hours of precipitate danger and in the hour of our death .
For it is Tagore ' s spiritual vision which will continue to be the perennial one and might even be the only eastern wonder of the Western mind in the years to come . "
Tagore ' s long stay in the West helped to broaden his sympathies which were already broad enough and deepened his understanding of the intellectual and spiritual urges that have spurred the western mind to great achievement .
During this period the six days of his stay at Santiniketan which laid the deep foundation of a lifelong friendship between the two जीवन of modern India for which the different elements of his idealism had the added विरोधाभासों of different shades .
Beneath the mask of what seemed contrary was a kinship so deep and so deep that only he was aware of it barring a few common friends and admirers of exceptional sensibility like Jawaharlal Nehru or an Andrews admirer .
The so - called disciples or शिष्य followers of both saw mostly the आवरण in the mask or on the face of लोग : they wanted to smile concealed behind it .
Because of his characteristic socio - economic objective and practical way Gandhi looked around him while he was adding friendship to all and kept his finger on the lower - sight places and thereby showed how he could achieve his ideals better .
He told him that he should do everything here without hiring a worker at the farm and keeping it clean in the same way that he should keep his body clean and clean his food and utensils .
Little children always participated in such adventures and both the pupils and the teachers . received Gandhi ' s advice .
When Tagore was told of it he smiled and said The experiment contained the key to Swaraj .
And so on March 10 1915 the experiment was inaugurated .
On the following day Gandhi left for Rangoon .
This experiment did not last very long surprised neither Gandhi nor Tagore.
Tagore knew that what he did would be wrong in the eyes of some of his countrymen and that he would never cease to be निंदा for his radical behaviour and that he was condemned to orthodoxy .
He knew this and was hurt by public criticism .
The politicians were conscious of the art of देशभक्ति how men were cowed down and unhappy at the same time they were not able to win the hearts of those who had never forgave against God .
The reflections in his writings may be purely of a shade of pride or popularity but he was most sensitive to unjust criticism for it was often unfair .
For the last few days I had been suffering from intense depression and क्लांति .
But I am sane and sound again and willing to live another hundred years if critics would spare me .
At that time I was physically शारीरिक therefore the least hurt assumed a proportion that was perfectly absurd.
Nevertheless I am glad that there is still a child in me who has its weakness for the sweets of human acceptance .
I should not feel myself too far above my critics .
After his address to the Academy the Archbishop of उपसाला said The Nobel Prize for literature is intended for the writer who combines in himself the artist and the prophet.
None has fulfilled this condition better than Rabindranath Tagore . "
The strain physical and emotional of his German tour affected his health and he longed to return to Santiniketan .
As the acquaintance ripened his admiration of Tagore knew no debts .
In 1930 he wrote : " I have had the opportunity to meet Rabindranath Tagore the greatest of them .
He is greater than his world reputation and his position in India .
He was impressed not only with the warm and cordial welcome to the common man but also with his philosophical and metaphysical questions .
From Germany Tagore went to Vienna to give two lectures and then to Prague where his visit led to a warm personal friendship with the eminent अतिथि M . विन्टरनित्स and V . विश्वभारती later invited him as Visiting Professors at Visva - Bharati .
Prof. . was the first Sanskrit scholar to translate Tagore ' s works from Bengali he also wrote his biography of the poet which was later translated and published in English .
Because of these contacts and friendships Tagore retained a very warm affection for Czechoslovakia .
Though his visit was stimulating he was घर and returned to India in July 1921 after a gap of fourteen months .
If he imagined that he was returning to peace and quiet he was soon disillusioned .
At the beginning of the play King राजा ' s subjects prepare for a festival in honour of the दानवी proud of their success and their consequences will die poor people whose lands lack water .
The Crown Prince however professes open हमदर्दी with die subject people and rebels against die callousness of his own country .
His character provides the main psychological interest of the play his love for freedom and justice and his passion for freedom .
He होता
The social राजनैतिक of the play after all are lost in some sense of mystic exaltation as in some of Ibsen ' s later dramas .
The author of the play तपस्वी Dhananjaya prototype of Mahatma Gandhi who first appeared in his drama नाटक .
In that play as in the case of the play Dhananjaya उपदेश the people to resist the ruler ' s unjust pressures .
He risked घर at home and suffered ridicule and ताने for his faith in a world which later became a world fashion.
A greater sacrifice was the risk he took to exposing his creativity and spiritual poise to the clamour of the market .
Is the glare of लोकप्रसिद्धि - so sensitive plant that had so far been exposed to the protective shade of comparative गुमनामी - LRB - or will it be - RRB - ?
The poet was losing to the prophet the singer to the preacher the devotee to the missionary .
The meaning of the narrow span of a song was dissolving in the endless preaching over the wide span of the world .
He was so sensitive and truthful that he was either thinking of what he had written from Chicago to February 26 1921 .
" When I came to this world I had nothing but a reed given to me which was to be used only to play music .
I left my school I would have neglected my work but I had saved my flute and played it like a विद्यालय .
her music
He was personal friendly and friendly and though he was generally frank in his opposition to war and struggle totally opposed to national rivalries and the fetish of indiscriminate worship of worldly progress he soon disarmed hostile criticism and won over many progressive intellectuals .
Tagore returned to India in the latter half of July via Japan where he stayed for six weeks and gave several lectures.
His visit to China and Japan was the first conscious attempt in the history of Asia to formulate the idea of the Asiatic Association in Shanghai in September of the same year .
रवीन्द्रनाथ about the incident in Boston ' s Christian Science Monitor मैत्री wrote : The theory of fighting the vital movements in the Asian countries for the establishment of an Asiatic alliance based on popular traditions has been further strengthened by the teachings of Rabindranath .
The new idea appears to be the establishment of the Asiatic Association ' s premier centre of which was located in Shanghai the first of which was acknowledged by Tagore ' s teaching to inspire the movement .
It is a strange fact in India ' s freedom that the later assembly on which Tagore met was not even named after him .
politicians have a very weak memory .
Hardly two months at home then again to the other side of the world .
The occasion was an invitation from the Republic of Peru to attend the centenary celebrations of her attainment of freedom .
होकर the lovely one smiled " Come let us have a , .
Take my flowers for your fruit . "
I looked at him and found that he was ruthless in his beauty .
He picked up the load of my fruit and clapped him and laughed .
Her abundance of flowers I held to my heart .
The sun had reached the mid - sky and the heat was hot .
Sixteen years later he recalled even before the death of the poet when he was an old decrepit and looking forward to his end he shifted it to his last poems ( , ) .
I wanted to find my way again to the foreign land where the message of love was waiting for me .
The dreams of yesterday will wing their wings and slowly build their new nest.
The death of his gifted brother who had been his friend and guide during the critical years of adolescence moved him to a great extent .
He had suffered so many bereavements that death had ceased to be a stranger.
He always looked upon him in his room furnished with fresh flowers in a civilized manner and looked upon him as the Mahatma smiled and asked " Why did he bring me to the bridal room ?
Gandhi ' s visit both succeeded and failed in its object .
If he had hoped to convince Tagore that the चरखा was one of the many necessary crafts in an undeveloped village economy he must have been disappointed.
Every one meeting on the other hand and exchange of ideas though there was a difference of opinion between the two was that of the relationship between the आत्माएं between the two was revealed in their द्वंद्व and habit which showed up the duality of subject .
Tagore wrote a personal letter assuring him that " If you have hit me hard in the cause of what you think is Truth our personal relationship based on mutual respect will bear the strain.
There was a deep - rooted prejudice in the Indian society whether Hindu or Muslim against the public appearance of women .
With the staging of this play in Calcutta in January 1927 Tagore made a bold assault on this prejudice by recruiting the entire cast from among girl students of the university and ladies of good families to whom he himself trained and पूर्वाभ्यास .
The latter was pleased by Mussolini ' s respect and partly curious to see his colourful personality and its impact on an ancient and lively culture and left for इटली on 15 May 1926 .
As he himself put it " I am here to learn or read from outside and not to criticise .
I am glad of this opportunity to see for myself the work of one who is assuredly a great man and a movement that will certainly be remembered in history . "
That Fascism will be remembered in history there is little doubt.
At the same time रवीन्द्रनाथ was a great man and this was an illusion which Tagore temporarily shared with many shrewd and seasoned politicians of the time .
On arrival in मुसोलिनी he was received by the chief officials of the city with a message of welcome to Mussolini .
On June 7 the Governor of Rome held a public reception in the capital where he conveyed .
The German tour was once again hectic and he received great respect from wherever he went and was received with President रवीन्द्रनाथ and his friends with रवीन्द्रनाथ started on his visit .
He also planted a पौधा plant in the जुडे garden which is today a symbol of the sweet memory of his visit .
But he could not stay for long there as he had to travel further .
After the crowd - भीड the भीड and the lectures in एथेन्स एथेन्स the Greek Government decorated the सरकार of the ग्रीक .
In honour of Tagore the proceedings of the Turkish Parliament were adjourned and King रवीन्द्रनाथ provided him with a collection of Arabic books for Visva - Bharati .
One would imagine that during this long and hectic tour which took him ill many times the poet must have been content with the seclusion and peace of Santiniketan for which he had longed so much for .
Peace and glory are rarely found together and when they meet they soon part company.
In Java he met among others the late President . then a क्रांतिकारी revolutionary youth .
He was greatly impressed by the dance drama of Java and Bali and the art traditions of India which rendered him love among the artisans the art of breaking down the world many more by his visit to India .
After a short visit to Thailand where he delivered a lecture on Education at the University in Bangkok he returned to India in time to preside over the annual celebrations at Santiniketan.
Once again he prepared to leave for abroad on receipt of an invitation from Oxford University to deliver the हिब्बर्ट Lectures but the voyage had to be abandoned as he fell ill on arrival in Madras .
After a week ' s rest at Adyar as the guest of Annie Besant and a few more days in the pleasant climate of श्रीलंका he sailed for Ceylon hoping to recoup his health sufficiently to take a boat from there to England .
On the way he landed at Pondicherry to visit Sri Aurobindo Ghosh whom he had known during his revolutionary political activity .
Today I saw him seated in the poise of calm wisdom and I repeated in silence Aurobindo accept the salutation of रवीन्द्र "
He stayed in Colombo for ten days but when he failed to improve his health he gave up all the hopes of going to England and returned to his motherland " he spent three weeks at Bangalore his old friend philosopher and guide Sir मैसूर मैसूर .
Then came the injury .
I shivered and asked in और What more?
Is it still the end of the power to come ?
" I asked " Is that the end ?
Nothing else ?
My fear fell .
As your thunderbolt ऊपर above you seemed so much bigger than me when you came down to strike me you shrunk to my level and I ceased to be the same .
You may be great but not bigger than death .
I am the only one who is greater than death .
" Give it my last sentence . "
All the pain or sorrow he felt he had received his full share and the fear of death was far worse than his body ailment .
- and defeat are part of life and must be accepted with manly dignity .
It was against his nature that some poets have expressed their indignation whether to be dissatisfied with an accident or to कराहना like a beaten dog .
He never became emotional but did not regard himself as a lover of pity for others .
His most dominant feeling was his love of life .
The joy of living and exercising his sensibilities was to him a gift divinely dispensed for which he was always grateful .
The night had passed - and the world had खिलने blossoming .
It has seen that the music of many different kinds was never lost in the dust ; the rhythm of the word नि the ever - moving ever - moving movement .
Looking back again and again at the dawn of his past his beloved Muse invariably shows his काव्यदेवी in varied forms and shows his विषाद of life who guided him in all facets of life .
Must he still keep on pouring himself out ?
Many poems of this and many others are reminiscences of which are a few poems of intense intensity and deep joy and a poem of हुईं कविता 1932 and the poem of हुईं कविता The दुख of which are the first to be published are the दुख .
As the title indicates he thought that it was the frontier of his creative life .
But this was the end of his personality ' s departure from England which began eighteen years earlier in 1914 .
It was a majestic phase which had begun and ended हैं .
Another phase was to begin which he had a premonition of the poem cited above where he saw his Muse the smiling lady half - veiled waiting with an empty basket in her hand .
It was then that the ageing poet might have returned to his young age and with that zeal motivated to explore new directions and set about discovering the ingredients of music in prose a simple quest for this simple dynamic rhythm .
Whatever the difficult terrain the mountains of जमीन जमीन जमीन all the time they were trying to steer their Muse into the lovely pasture of the चरागाहों .
This he showed in four best works : Postscript ( 1932 ) पुनश्च ( 1935 ) .
The urge to preach and to reform the world was also cooling off .
He had written once that a व्यावसायिक is a professional व्यावसायिक his customers will come and ask him questions .
His answers which he gets into the habit of producing gradually lose their living quality and his faith in his ideas runs the risk of being smothered under the प्राणहीन of his words .
I feel that these accidents often दुर्घटनाएं फंस of the people particularly those who are good at it are not always ready to sign a cheque for charity and gain .
Therefore I think it is best to be a poet only because the poet is committed to the best of his moments or best in his heart and not to the needs of others .
Such golden moments were waiting for him to gather and it was lucky for him and his readers that he was henceforth to be confined to his home soil and thrown back on his native soil for his country .
You have been a true friend for you have been a candid friend often speaking your thoughts .
If you back to my heart I want your blessing .
It will give me strength . "
But even before the letter was despatched he received the poet ' s telegram : " It is well worth sacrificing precious life for India ' s unity and her social oneness .
We will follow your sublime penance with reverence and love . "
The poet however did not keep himself away and on September 24 left for Poona. to meet the Mahatma in यरवदा .
Meanwhile the British Government accepted the main demand and made a settlement with the Mahatma broke his fast on 26 September that time the poet was in jail .
The fast started in the name of God " said the Mahatma in his public statement .
This was the original song of Gitanjali . . . . .
At the request of the Calcutta University Tagore acquired the Chair of Bengali in which he delivered several lectures in the series .
At the same time he undertook a programme of compiling a glossary of technical and scientific in Bengali a few years ago in his youth .
, by going through various public events including many important lectures he wrote two new plays the first being a charming प्रहसन a play based on the story he wrote on a small story called अछूत and अछूत .
This simple popular tale about the freedom of the Buddha from the lust of a चंडाल - girl to his disciple transformed it into a psychological theme which had a spiritual significance .
It was no longer the story of a proud woman नारी of her own lives but of a sensitive and proud girl who was enchanted by her earlier birth and was awakened to her .
Both these plays were staged in Calcutta in September .
Soon after he delivered a lecture on verse in the Calcutta University and then after that he left for Bombay with some students and artists in Santiniketan where he joined the poet Sarojini Naidu ' s fans in the रवींद्र week .
The lectures delivered at the Andhra University were later published as Man.
From there he went to Hyderabad where the Nizam received him a large amount of donations for the opening of the Islamic Education Department at Visva - Bharati which he returned to Calcutta at the end of December and returned to his famous address at कलकत्ता .
Seeing another woman younger and healthy take her place by her husband ' s side in the garden हीनतम assumed the worst and was wild with envy .
It does n ' t even try to conceal its doubts - which छुपाने him all about it and which made him nervous .
He who was generous when happy became unjust and अन्यायपूर्ण .
तन from her body and her poverty of the mind bereft of this affection succumbed to तन which शक्तिहीन and शक्तिहीन our capacity to love and प्रेम
से is a witty play sparkling with brilliant dialogues .
It depicts the sophistication of the elite of Calcutta its कलकत्ता behavior and परिवार .
The author never staged the play . Though the plan of its performance was once planned he was likely to have some doubts about its result .
His acquaintance with the life and types of characters he was depicting was remote largely - derived from hearsay .
His love - picture became more and more बौद्धिक bolder in thought .
Not only his body but his heart also grew deeper and ready with the heart .
Returning to Santiniketan at the beginning of January 1934 he received Jawaharlal Nehru and his wife Kamala .
He was often admired by the poet देशभक्ति Lal Nehru for his daring patriotism his rational outlook and his sense of international sympathy .
Meanwhile on 15 January north India was rocked by an earthquake of great severity causing great damage to life and property in several districts of Bihar .
Gandhi who was then touring south India said in a public meeting that this calamity was a divine का for the sin of untouchability .
A man like me cannot but believe that this earthquake is a disgrace against God 's अस्पृश्यता
I do believe that there is a vital connection between this earthquake and the untouchability campaign in Bihar .
Much to his annoyance at the sight of the man who had fallen into the heart of the priests he was much distressed at a public meeting saying that the people who had been accused of the high caste and had been guilty of this unjust caste .
The university which was dear to him ceased to be a part of a huge project the last year of his life was one of invasion and great .
On the other hand worry and humiliation caused by the University of Santiniketan and there was no possibility of further recovery as the rich in this country had lost their money or priest ' s gifts and money was now the only way to the University .
He could do so by training troupes of actors and dancers who could stage his plays and dance in other towns and help to raise money.
This was not the only reason .
The artist in him was determined to see his own creations on the stage .
Unlike his other works he could enjoy the fruits of his songs .
So the country was overcome with the unusual spectacle of the venerable poet and seer का a band of performing artists singers and dancers .
His two novels काव्य ( उपन्यासों ) and ' four chapters ( published in 1934 ) 1933 ( 1933 ) 1934 ( 1933 ) and two books ( काव्य ) 1933 ( 1932 ) and 1933 ( 1933 ) were already called .
Of the five remaining volumes of poetry four were of prose - poems a form in which he had occasionally experimented earlier but which he now took up in course .
He began it with Postscript पुनश्च published soon after 1932 .
It covers a wide range of subjects and moods . Three other volumes in prose and some of them are in later life some of them contain some serious or some भावनात्मक some lyrical and some supernatural motif .
A few first person पुरुष in the singular though it is not necessary to record whatever happens in the first person पुरुष singular .
Once he had to face with a scholar from the south .
He found that his turban might have gone into the assembly on which he proposed to wear at the contest and that it was dirty he took it to the पगडी पगडी .
ने asked his youngest daughter अमीना to wash her from a nearby canal .
After washing it he saw a line of verse inscribed on it to dry it on grass .
मोर fetched some coloured thread from his hut and a second line of the poem on it . ( मोर ) मोर मोर मोर ( मोर ) his head ) .
When the Pandit came to fetch his turban he noticed the second verse and stared at the dyer ' s daughter .
Then he said ' हृदय ' हृदय ' हृदय ' you ' transformed the arrogance of my intellect into wisdom ' .
What will I do now to the Raj Court ?
My place is somewhere else . "
Even after writing the press Tagore felt he had much to say for him and he had to give expression to his feelings as if on paper .
His first poem is full of regrets that he failed to identify him ( ? ) ? ( what his wife Mrinalini happened to them ) .
He took no notice of her love and dedication which he naturally thought .
According to his birthday ( बंग्ला ha ) he surveyed his long life so many times that he may not go to this period and go to the length and breadth of life he does not see how many times he ध्यानमग्न in this garland .
All around are the shifting sands of भंगुरता - भंगुरता and की - भंगुरता in the midst of these I feel in the midst of my heart the stillness of the Infinite . "
Suddenly he felt a सरसराहट and his presence showed him a touch of his breath ; he felt as if he had returned to his old house .
He said " I am not here ?
Can you not see me ?
Our school was rushing forward madly with arithmetic and grammar books sharp .
He felt a bird rolling in a circle like a bird . .
The bells snapped without break fearing a bell .
If he wants to go to Delhi लाहौर Lahore or Agra we have to put a turban on his head and horned shoes on his feet .
And if he wants to rush off to England all these people will become अंग्रेज coated and boot Englishmen .
Three volumes of serious verse followed in आईं are आकाशदीप ( 1940 ) and 1940 ( 1940 ) .
These poems did not bear the sombre grandeur of धरती for the memory of the border areas of terror and beauty had dropped and the poet was once more confident in his soft arms of the earth .
Unlike many of his characters in dramas and novels who are either mere types or his own मुकाबले the characters in his short stories are real and vivid some of them अविस्मरणीय .
He wrote in one of his letters A . D . If I do nothing else but write short stories it will please some readers too .
The main reason for this pleasure is that the actors become my companions and they happen to be with me when I confine myself into the room in the rainy season and are often floating over the banks of the river पर .
Since morning a petulant little girl named लडकी has entered my imaginary world . "
बंग्ला is one of the most lovable specimens of Indian womanhood.
The anguish for the vain youth and the damaged ideal are the वेदना for the buds that have वेदना and are वेदना eloquent to the सामाजिक of man ' s egoism and the सामाजिक of social and religious rites which respect and assert themselves dead .
Some of them are , , and have पतियों विरुद्ध against a system that has विरुद्ध their lives and विकृत their minds - some are पति and much more हताशा their husbands .
One of his most romantic heroines is a Muslim princess who gives up everything for the sake of the Hindu general whom she admires and loves.
He kept silent but in the end he won his friendship .
He gave a gold ring to which there were some sweet messages .
While bathing in the Ganges it slipped from his finger and was lost .
The lock was no longer there and the key did not fit into it . "
He recalled the short poem with his grandmother : से - दुल्हन sitting in a palanquin - a garland of pearls around his neck and a golden पायल of gold anklets " he is lying on the forehead .
The next volume of poems was कवि . ( मनोदशा ) which shows the characteristic mood of the poet : , and must be in line with what is happening around him .
Introducing these poems he wrote that his poems had changed their season from time to time and again .
These poems were a dialogue with the new generation that was born around him .
It needs to be pointed out that these works were not written in different stages ; but were of the same mood and duration .
A number of poems published in separate volumes were actually written almost simultaneously .
The first poem of अगस्त for instance which he welcomed the new generation was written in August 1938 though published in 1940 .
His transition from mood to mood even from . to भावदशा was often very swift and sometimes occurred many times in one day .
These varying moods and qualities were published later in different volumes.
The poems of की are comparatively less subjective in mood and reflect his keen interest in the world around .
The themes and metaphors employed in these poems make them objective : radio and हवाई the railway train the हवाई the हवाई the हवाई the aeroplane Hindustan Rajasthan. etc .
The poem referred to earlier mocking the Japanese सैनिक praying to Buddha was one of the सैनिक and was written in January 1938 .
The climate of menace and aggression in Europe and in Far East and the misuse of the aeroplane as an engine of destruction has biased him against this invention of man .
In the poem entitled Bird - Man he laments that this evil emissary of aggression should have invaded the space which God had reserved for birds .
He was a close and intimate friend of the poet and his death was a deeply personal bereavement to the poet .
At the शांतिनिकेतन memorial Sabha held in Santiniketan he said " I have never seen the flourishing of the Christian faith in any man before he said that he would never be able to drink ill - treatment to the British people an Englishman and a few times .
There was a time when Andrews was very close to him - one of his principal co - सहकारी adviser and friends he could not write any letter to him in English which he seemed to have thrown his heart out of the secrets .
A . How an Indian admirer of Charles एंड्रयूज Andrews and he was present at many places in India as a trusted disciple of C .
That was why the active contacts between the two had of late diminished but the old bond had survived.
Tagore seems to be extremely excited and sometimes eloquent in his creative mind but in his personal contacts he was very averse to समय at a time when his heart हृदय with it he seemed irrelevant and हृदय .
And so although he felt deeply the loss of his old and trusted friend and kept the grief to himself except for an occasion when he paid his homage to his memory at the memorial service .
A few days later when he was at Mungpoo he recalled to his host how Andrews whenever he was at Santiniketan आ when he came to meet him daily and curled up in his neck .
The observance of his birthday in that small hill - place was marked by the simplicity and elegance that he could hardly have been possible in a bigger place like Kalimpong much less in a city like Calcutta .
In Mungpoo there were no social or literary celebrities to crowd round him - the sad solemnity of his last but one birthday on this earth .
He sat on the ground burnt an incense and chanted an invocation to the Buddha .
The poet was moved and expressed his feeling in a poem he wrote the following day .
Listening to that source सुनकर who was the highest man whose birth brought this earth pure and मानव the human life he received his blessing in the midst of this pious मानव ' मानव ' मानव ' S मानव .
He brought flowers heaps of them for the poet .
The poor and illiterate folks who had never read anything of him had this simple gift of love touched the poet ' s heart deeply.
The title of the story is दुराशा i . e . ' दुराशा ' which means an व्यंग्य of hope has been aptly portrayed .
What is more exciting is the story in which a Mughal prince seeks to take revenge of his father ' s murder and in trying to put his heart into the smoke of forms in Arakan and his companion on whom he dreams like a कत्ल .
Some of these are stories in which the like of man ' s स्वर्ण and the like of his son are to be woven back into the story and to some extent to which he has the charming घर of a real life .
One of these relates the story of the skeleton which used to hang in the class - room of the child Rabi for lessons in elementary sciences .
Some stories lay bare the political helplessness of the people and the callous cynicism of the alien rulers like the beautiful story in which the charming राजनैतिक referred to .
Another story of this type a satirical or ironical character - LRB - The टापू - RRB - which was later translated into play by the same name as the local prince or the टापू associated with his adventures in Indian folk culture and .
One is Five and the other is रानी if any queen पान has a red betel - nut ; some other stone bird and so on.
They sit rise fight and love each other according to the stringent rules - which they do not understand properly - but they follow all the rules .
We laugh at the पत्तों without realising that we are laughing at our own विसंगतियों .
Yet another book which was published in the same year was the most lucid and significant work of his reminiscences . by a simple जीवंत a lively and unaffected by the thought and the manner and the manner in which the three stories were written .
Tagore had drawn his ideas at different levels and expressed them practically simultaneously on the creative plane and in his capacity he could control these currents and come from one another .
Perhaps because he did not seem to be in tune with his will he was subject to the mood that happened to him at that moment .
An old and discarded palanquin lay in some room in his parental house ; it was his grandmother ' s mother who took care of him and went to sleep in the afternoon .
Between the discarded palanquin and the neglected child there was some secret sympathy and friendship .
Within the closed shutters of the palanquin the children would free themselves from all दूसरों eyes and give up all their fancy.
Sometimes my palanquin becomes a peacock - boat floating far along the sea till the shore is out of print .
The oars fall into the water with a gentle splash the waves swing and swell around us .
The sailors cry out to us to beware a storm is going to come . "
The tiller holding the मांझी stands Abdul the sailor on his pointed beard shaven दाढी and close - cropped head. I know him - he brings him a बाल fish and a कछुए for my elder brother .
The very special place for the Oxford University on 7 August.
On 3 September he attended the Festival of Rain at Santiniketan for the last time .
On 19 September he again went to Kalimpong to हेमंत in the spontaneous autumn hills in the East Himalaya .
He rested for the rest of the last week on his chair watching the autumn with its blue hills and the blue of the sky - blue पहाडियों the sky - blue पहाडियों .
In the morning the golden hour of the hour has past .
The poem was written on 25 September .
" Once again the ब्रह्मांड steps of the messenger of death came creeping out the ब्रह्मांड of the universe heard me growing . "
As during the previous crisis hardly any adequate medical help could be available and the other was still far from Calcutta than Kalimpong .
Once he had told himself how he had been thrown into a waiting room for an old ancestral house in Calcutta and that was no longer afraid as the floor had been used for he had lost his legs a long time .
से experiences such as the sting of the scorpion had to pass a silence .
The pain disappeared and this kind of strange experience and cessation of mental illness was never repeated when he felt physical pain .
But in the beginning of February when the old energy of बसंत with the advent of spring came back they again enjoyed nature and were enjoying life again .
He dictated a remarkable poem on February 13 when he was in a state of emotional intensity . How do he leave his mind open for his people ' s history ?
The poem in which the earlier mention of the decline of the empires and the continued life of the hard - working people is revealed by no means that the elders had lost their confidence in the society at the time of the death .
Also wrote a few stories and tales about which the story came down from the moon like the story of Christ interspersed with interesting imagination.
The poems were published in 1941 as Galpa - हुईं ( Tales and Games ) .
It is here that the great news is that there is a need for a drastic change in the world .
" He thinks your big news is too small for him .
This book of parables and tales as well as the poems of the जन्मदिन . mentioned earlier were published in April 1941 .
It is in the midst of this new year which is still celebrated as in the previous year with the birthday of the poet in Santiniketan ( when it really begins on May 7 ) for a further period of three weeks .
On that day 14 April 1941 was delivered the poet ' s last public address published in the सार्वजनिक Crisis .
As I look around me I see the crumbling ruins of a proud civilisation strewn like a vast heap of स्तूप .
Yet I will not commit the grievous sin of losing faith in man .
I would rather look forward to the opening of a new chapter in its history when the storm is exhausted and the atmosphere is rendered free from the service and sacrifice . "
How genuine was his faith in the destiny of man - LRB - whether ill - or bad - RRB - which can be said to be his बुरी : it was with great enthusiasm that was first sung on that occasion .
A few days ago his grandson Jyotirindranath Tagore was married in Calcutta.
The proposal was like a seed which very soon अंकुरित and अंकुरित the great soul on this earth उतर the leaves of grasses.
He did not give up his physical anguish his body ' s pain or rest till the moment rested .
His unhappy country had passed through a difficult phase into a vast prison - house whose leader was a जेल in jail a public charged with hunger and misery .
The daily toll of suffering went on increasing and the fever went up every night to such an intolerable pain .
The team of leading physicians and surgeons who came periodically from Calcutta insisted on his removal .
This decision upset the patient who had little faith in the medical treatment and he shivered in the face of possible शरीर on his body in the name of scientific surgery .
Even Gandhi had to be the king for the surgery .
" Why ca n ' t I be allowed to die in peace ?
" At the moment I feel that time is pulling me near .
But those who were around him knew that he would be saved for a very valuable life could never be lost .
That is why he घुटने reluctantly and against his tendency .
He would have liked nothing better than to breathe his last at Santiniketan surrounded by those he loved best men and women and children and trees for whom he loved so much .
Trees which they thought to be more dear to themselves are so sad : " I will not be able to see them again ?
On 25 July he was taken to Calcutta .
This was perhaps the law of his own choice and of the way he was bitten on the first day of his life ; he was a ancestral house and he was a boy .
Two days later he dictated a poem whose brevity concentrated strength was as of a mantra and daring of thought match the best in the Rig Veda . "
Uttar Pradesh
Tagore ' s के is full of truth that transcends belief and doubt or is a blend of both doubt and belief .
The poet says that he knows nothing about the ultimate mystery of life and the universe .
What is inside and outside of this body ' s body ' he does not know of it .
But he was not a materialist or a materialistic as the words are often used .
He believed that life was greater than death and superior to life for life - time nature and world - matter could be reconciled to one another and regulated by a universal law whose doctrine would not be mechanical or spiritual .
Basically a man of faith his faith was firm and true for it had been tested in the fire of pain .
It did not rest on the artificial props of borrowed beliefs but was founded in the experience of sorrow and realisation .
The first poem was on 29 July 1921
But he had no opportunity to do so .
Before he could recover from the after - effects his condition worsened and he gradually lost his consciousness never to return .
On 7 August . at ten minutes past midday he breathed his last in the same old मकान house where he first opened his eyes eighty years and three months ago .
It was the day of the full moon of Sravana the month of rains so often celebrated in his poems and songs .
A few days earlier he composed a song which he desired to be sung at the time of his death and the same is still sung at his bidding .
These stupas and chaityas show their own distinct regional characters as against their contemporaries north and north - western temples .
From the sixth and seventh centuries AD the Hindus and Jains in the south too adopted the stone medium and built the rock - cut cave - temples or carving out similar rock - cut monolithic temple .
This might have been so constructed that the southern region of India remained untouched by external invasions and persecution by the other local state continued to flourish and prosper .
The ancient Hindu and Jain temples also grew up from royal कारीगरी and the Pandya kings and many other small राजाओं supported their prosperity .
That is why he also contributed to the tradition of building a temple and because of this reason a series of small temples each in the south कस्बे town and town became a series of big temples .
Buddhism almost disappeared .
For example the Buddha was adopted as the ninth of the ten incarnations of Vishnu in the Hindu pantheon in place of Krishna .
It is possible then to examine the origins of the different regional styles in space - time and विभिन्नताओं and variations in the north and south - temples and to show how these two great styles affected each other .
An attempt has been made in the following pages to portray in outline the temples of the south .
For the simple technical words of architecture and art also when employed in the European classical vocabulary in the context of the explanation of the Indian temples these books are not only of great use but of the Sanskrit origin which is made use of stone .
The cult of worship of phenomena which are ancient in human society has been a tradition of worship of phenomena not real in a certain way or in a certain way .
The early form of these literary evidences , tradition and material relics of a century later .
How the well - organised temple - LRB - प्रदेश - RRB - was a regular life in ancient Tamil literature and the image of it contained a great deal of जीवन in the far south of the Indian Peninsula including the Tamil land of Kerala .
The literary material that we have of the day throws in many traditions which are current .
These monuments are mostly अंत्येष्टि or अंत्येष्टि and are to be found far south of the Vindhya ranges .
All these would constitute a class of hypaethral temples that is temples open to the air and devoid of a roof over the object of worship.
The scene has three trees with a four - walled enclosure walls .
The most prominent one on the right is with the railing around it and is shown as being worshipped by two devotees one with the hand and the other holding a baby towards the tree .
This has also an inscription below it calling it का - chaitya of वैशाली .
It is probably designed to show the antiquity of the वृक्ष a tree for it is not the only one to which it belongs to the time of Asoka but much later on .
According to Buddha Ghose this group had many branches and people came to worship him with the will to have children .
The above definition naturally explains that one of the two persons who show him is praying for a child and the child express gratitude after birth and express desire for a child .
In short the structure of the विमानों and the building of a verandah around it may be considered as the first appearance of the later विमानों temples or vimanas mostly of the two or three stages of worship within them .
These cloister galleries are designated in the Tamil inscriptions and texts as के ( malika ) and as also in the Silpa and Agama literature on temple architecture .
The only difference is that while the early examples surround hypaethral shrines which are not covered by a roof the later विमान surround roofed shrines or vimanas containing the object of worship or the deity.
The institution of Hindu cults and sects continued to be a tradition of the most ancient form of tree worship in south India particularly in Tamil .
On the top of the egg were of a square अंडे with a . or a series of छत्र .
In the beginning a plaster was wound over them and a large माला garland was ऊपर over the egg in the shape of it .
The harvest of his field has been gathered and he fills the boat with it .
The boat has advanced in its direction no one knows where to go away and the poet is left to the other bank .
There was a time when there was a great storm in the literary field when what was meant by this poem ?
What is the Golden Boat and who is at its सोने
The poet himself said that the boat was for him nothing more than a symbol of real life collecting the harvest of our achievements and blowing us back on the sands of time .
This again becomes a revelation of the last poem of the book but this time the poet is taken to his .
His lost companion , his lost संगिनी his dream - lover - his संगिनी संगिनी ; it has been a half - known and half - unknown a संगिनी in the boat .
Will hope yield the harvest to the end ?
You looked at me and smiled and said not a word .
Hinduism particularly in the Tamil country which included much of Kerala also became eclectic by absorbing the local deities and concepts in the pantheon and ritual or by identifying them with many of its gods .
It was during this period that the gods like Siva Vishnu , Vishnu को Durga , Kartikeya Surya and others.
This synthesis was possible through the exchange of five centuries - old to the thirteenth century A. D. where the south gave a great deal to the culture of the whole country for example the वैष्णव of the Vaishnava faith - LRB - नटराज - RRB - and the latter in the new form of the new form of the new form of the new - बौद्ध - बौद्ध of the new - बौद्ध of which was inspired Vaishnava movement as to which was inspired or the new - बौद्ध to which was inspired or the new - बौद्ध -
That is why regional literature developed here late and there is little evidence of the current regional साहित्य and beliefs .
But the evidences from excavation give us a glimpse of the religious beliefs of the period just as is the case in northern India .
These relics also reveal the fact that the temples or shrines had a common plan design and structure of the Hindus and Muslims were the same .
The earliest caves excavated by Asoka and his grandson Dasaratha into the very hard local hills near Gaya.
The most important examples of this group are the Sudama ( लोमश ) and लोमश Rishi caves .
The two caves exactly reproduce the plan of the गुफाएं Deva Sabha in की .
It had chaitya halls which were in fact . - स्तूप the stupa - chaitya one of which was supposed to be a prototype of Lord Buddha and पूजा - सभागृह with large halls opening into a central assembly .
Such examples are found in the vicinity of Poona and Nasik and Ajanta and अजंता .
The main reason for this was that the softer trap rocks were more efficient than the गया or the गया or गया as in Gaya.
Among these the Buddhist cave in पूना the कोंडिबटे cave in पूना near Poona and the cave in आंध्र in Andhra bear comparison with the Sudama and लोमश Rishi caves .
One of his most beautiful poems in this work is the poem of - : - a mythological woman of Hindu mythology who तपच्युत saints and चुरा the hearts of all men .
Rabindranath pictures her as arising out of the foam of the primal ocean when it was churned by the फेनिल and flawless beauty holding nectar in his right hand and poison in his left hand .
नारी is the eternal woman who man has always desired but has never possessed for she is mother not daughter or daughter .
The term over and merit exhausted the soul is about to return to earth and compares the chilly joy and unruffled peace of heaven with the woven web of joys and sorrows .
This poem is a paean to praise this lowly earth and its मानवीय human attachments.
से at his own music and judgement ; but the poet irritated by the plight of his own countrymen finds eloquent expression in the poem की मोरे .
If Mahatma Gandhi was a poet he could have written such a poem .
They depict the people hungry naked and homeless in their own land bereft of human rights and bereft of the will to oppose them .
The linga - pitha is generally square but octagonal in the eastern cave - temple at लिंग .
In the Siva shrine of the शिव - गुफा cave - temple the शिव is a Somaskanda panel on the hind wall as in the Pallava cave - temples of the close of the seventh century and subsequent structural temples .
In the cave - temples at जिला and जिला ( जिला ) they are sitting only with Siva and Parvati .
For example such figures are the वैवाहिक and जिला ( जिला ) and the वैवाहिक ( District चट्टान ) and the वैवाहिक ( District चट्टान ) cut off on the northern wall of the cave - temple the वैवाहिक mandapam prevalent in that area over the वैवाहिक females .
The rock - cut lower cave - temple at Tiruchirapalli ( Pandya ) has two lateral shrine while the Siva and Vishnu are dedicated the rear wall of the मंडप consists of five niches each containing the में the former containing the चट्टान Lord Ganesa and the other में .
The larger cave - temple at गुफा consists of six other देवता five gods ; the two main lateral shrine - cells dedicated to Siva and Vishnu while the third one is cut into the central recesses of the hind wall .
The Western Gangas of गुफा in south Mysore following the Chalukya - Rashtrakuta idiom have left two unfinished cave - temples in the hard rock at मेह near Mysore .
In addition to the incorporation of the above Chalukyan traits the पल्लवों in the southern cave - temples essentially following the Pallava Mahendra - style and hard rock tradition reproduce many iconic forms that are found in the Pallava rock - cut and structural examples .
The most important of these are the दुर्गा sacrifices performed in the form of a devotee with his own head and the Durga , a common Pallava forms के near the Vishnu cave - temple at दुर्गा and the मंडल cave - temple at दुर्गा with मंडल and मंडल
The भू and Varaha Gajalakshmi forms are found in the cave - temples at गजलक्ष्मी and the में में in the cave - temple at गजलक्ष्मी .
The other iconographic forms so reproduced are हरिहर Harihara . Subrahmanya Vishnu Vishnu with के नरसिंह and the tandava forms of Siva .
However the केरल of the Kerala cave - temple at some अनिश्चित of their uncertain source महेंद्र in the southern cave - architecture is still marked by a blending of the qualities of the Pandya and गुफा cave - temples of the neighbouring region and they have on the same pattern of their original rock materials .
The unfinished rock - cut excavation by the familiar Pallava technique of rock - cut as in Mahabalipuram अनुसरण following the किरात . मंगडु and other places the Pandya cave containing a feature of the Chalukyan rock - cut cave with a carving on either side of the किरात .
These bas - relief sculptures are more akin to the Pallava than to the neighbouring Pandya forms .
In पश्चिमी there is a plain simple ऋषि short उत्खनन excavation without the facade or the front लिंग there is a large but vibrant मुद्रा on the southern wall with which a saint and low figure is cast in the main पश्चिमी on the western wall .
These are found in the typical cave - temple halls with a front mandapa and हैं .
Some नंदी also have a Nandi - mandapa in front as in the एलोरा cave at Ellora ( Kailasa complex ) .
The fourth type is exemplified by the structures where the principal shrine has no circumambulatory passage that is ; the ardha - mandapa has sculpture panels on its side walls and the large maha - mandapa is pillared and with or without side shrines .
The Saptamatrika shrine or niche is cut independently outside the main cave - temple usually on its left flank while there is a Nandi - mandapa in front as in Ellora Cave 22 .
The sandhara mode of the five - storeyed circumambulatory develop in the sanctum . with door - openings in all the four directions and a series of two or three mandapas and in a highly developed form an additional agra - mandapa and other in the other forms of Ganesa ones .
There are examples in the last category - LRB - सामान - RRB - which consists of simple semi - and mukha - mandapas on the front lines of the southern forms with no वेदी of the later on as in the case of the sculptured forms .
Thus there are some castes of the Chalukyan cave - temples special प्रभेद - गुफा प्रभेद - गुफा where the shrine cell is free from the circumambulatory passage in Badami with its three shrine - cell circumambulatory at Ellora and the जोगेश्वरी shrine at Ellora etc. .
The sandhara and सर्वतोभद्र forms are the most outstanding .
In the Chalukyan type the बाह्म as seen in the Ellora - LRB - एलोरा Elephanta - RRB - and in the cave at एलोरा in Ellora - LRB - the outer mandapa - RRB - cut in the जोगेश्वरी is cut out on three sides with at least three open courses the original ones while the passage outside .
The heaviness of the Chalukyan pillars as at Badami is apparently reduced by the भारीपन and है the pillar and corbel shapes are various but in their development they retain their individuality till the close of the Chalukyan period and do not in the Rashtrakuta works .
The मध्य median band or या as usual in the Chalukyan series is not here .
Though smaller than the Badami cave - temples the scheme is interesting from the point of view of की design की and sculpture .
The pillars are thin and have the usual capital components of the ' system ' .
The गर्भगृह consists essentially of an almost square mandapa with a large principal cella of almost equal size on the rear and two more wide lateral shrines thus making a trikuta plan .
The rear shrine has a rock - cut linga ; while the lateral shrine of its right is dedicated to the लिंग and attendant deities and the one on the left to other forms of Siva .
The slightly projecting dividing wall - strips between the mandapa and rear shrine leaving a wide entrance in between - LRB - , - RRB - with दीवार sculptures.
On the facade on either flank on the rock wall are niches containing the sculptures of the two निधियों के and पद्म .
The Jain cave - temple has a front mandapa which is clearly oblong and conforms to the typical mandapa - type cave - temple pattern .
The high trap - ridge at Ellora which had afforded the venue for a series of Buddhist excavations described earlier now provided a scope for Hindu and Jain excavations .
The Brahmanical cave - temples occupying the central section of the hill and the parts higher up belong to the period of the Chalukyas and their Rashtrakuta successors .
Caves 13 to 29 are Hindu excavations which are mostly of the height of a height of height and are known in the two distinct शेव excavations the first of which are on the pattern of Buddhist excavations which are generally not carved on a rock .
There are of course variations of plan and content in some .
Cave 16 is the Kailasa complex where the main part is the monolithic vimana temple of Kailasa - भाग with cave - temples on the प्रदक्षिणा of the circumambulatory passage as in the case of the गुफा ( विमान ) .
The latter one is more in tune with the models of the south and often has some sculpture in their लिंग some rock - cut linga pedestal with and sometimes a rock - cut Nandi also .
The pillars in these caves are of varied types and design in the bays square or octagonal in section ; or generally of the कुंभ or कुंभ fully कुंभ and of the middle height ; or their top has the kumbha ( कुंभ ) .
The corbels where present are either simple or straight .
The रामेश्वर ( Cave 21 ) is the first among this group .
The facade of the rectangular mukha - mandapa has four strings with elaborate भारी elaborate pillars rising above the ends of the highly decorated वेदी वेदी parapet or dwarf wall interrupted with two central pillars for the entrance .
But tell the truth : Do n ' t you hear more about asking for leave ?
Have all your desires been fulfilled - Is there no hidden thorn in your heart ?
" तो Kacha assures her .
" In this world you are a happy creature : " Go back to heaven and play your score .
They are waiting there to welcome you back with music and conch shells and flowers .
Ah Brahmin has you indeed spent hard and dreary days here धरती in an alien land with no one to comfort or delight you ?
Kacha feels the sting and begs “Not thus with a reproach but with a smile bid me off .
" smiles !
It is not a heaven a world !
The smile is not so cheap in this world where the flower in the heart is bitten by a पुष्प कीट where love like a baffled bee निवास round the closed petals of the भ्रमर .
The पूना at Poona has Gajalakshmi में Anantasayin पूना . . . . and हैं .
गंगाधर depicts गंगाधर गंगाधर गंगाधर गंगाधर गंगाधर गंगाधर Ganesa Kartikeya and Surya .
The eastern Chalukyan cave - temple in coastal Andhra Pradesh is a little more than a dozen cave - temples excavated into the soft rocks on either bank of the तटवर्ती in the territory of the Eastern Chalukyas of पर .
They meet on the north coast in Krishna district on the hills of कृष्णा and और and on the south coast in the hills of तट तट तट and तट .
These cave - temples of Eastern Chalukyan authorship show individualistic characters in their lay - out iconography and the scheme of the cella .
They partake in some respects of the neighbouring Pallava modes apart from their parental Chalukyan and northern inheritance .
In the गुफा the wall over the दीवार for the पश्चिमी linga or लिंग is noteworthy in the cave - temples of the Eastern Chalukyas where they occur in the western Chalukyan Rashtrakuta group .
Practically all the cave - temples are Saiva or are dedicated to other deities of the Saiva sects .
This however is largely the result of gradual additions during various periods thus successively enlarging the original lay - out and resulting in such larger temple complexes or temple cities as those at Chidambaram Tiruvannamalai Madurai and Srirangam .
The temple cities so called such as Srirangam which is the largest of the lot accommodate the residential houses of people connected with the नगरों temple inside of the outer precincts .
For example Srirangam the main shrine of रंगनाथ ( Vishnu ) in Srirangam the centre of which is surrounded by seven मालिका the four मालिका of all the four मालिका and the गृहों of which are the गृहों and the three walls are घिरा .
These along with other houses and streets outside the outermost prakara constitute a modem municipal city .
All the three - dimensional constructions refer to the large variety of ranges in the विमानों and magnitude of the उठान and the combination of the storeys represented in the southern vimanas as a basis for the general diversity of its vimanas .
The four - sided square or oblong plans and the और elliptical and apsidal बौद्ध familiar even in the earlier Buddhist and non - Buddhist temples .
But the hexagonal or octagonal plan that is introduced in the construction of the southern vimana might have been rather extraordinary .
In case of height a simple or storeyed vimana containing all the six vertical components of the vimana ) or stupi or प्रस्तर as on top .
The number of storeys could be increased to three or four ( three ) tritala विमान विमान etc . in which case they were called ' Jati vimana ) .
At the call of duty he would sacrifice all his happiness and do that . He will go back to his आत्मीय and put his knowledge in his service .
He begs the forgiveness from door to door .
The woman has risen to the fire of separation from her heart and asked What forgiveness shall I excuse in ? " Oh Brahmins .
You will go to the celestial realm where all regrets will be lost in the pride of your success.
What is this pure and simple life and this can be preserved in your mind and fame ? "
, in these woods must I drag on the humiliation of an aimless and forlorn existence where memory with its thousand thorns will prick me at each सत्ता and a secret shame कुरेद at the very core of my being .
You must be ashamed O cruel guest who sat in the shade of my life - garden . a string of flowers and at last broke the shackles of its thread .
Be this my curse at farewell may the knowledge for whose sake you have spurned me never bear its full reward .
You shall bear its burden and not enjoy its use ; you will teach it but will never be able to practise it . "
They later develop a central projecting भुजा or double वलय or assume the shape of a projecting curved arm terminated by a भुजा lotus bud the पुष्प की of the fifteenth century and later temples .
These shapes indicate regional developments and also chronological development .
Another important architectural feature is the torana द्वार which is essentially an arched festoon ( sometimes straight as in the toranas of Sanchi ) and marking a sacred or ceremonial doorway .
Such free - standing torana entrances or स्तंभ toranas are stated to have preceded the gopura entrances of ancient प्रासादों .
But while such स्मारकों torana has been retained in the northern monuments as at Sanchi and Bhubaneswar it is the gopura entrance that has prevailed in the south and forms the most characteristic and invariable part of the temple complex .
The torana idea is however not lost ; the motif is applied to many niches and entrances on the body of the vimana or the gopura and are known as भित्ति torana .
These are found to frame the entrances of some cave - temples the fronts of the विमान niches or devakoshthas on the walls of the vimana and the fronts of the nasikas of various orders and विमान the sukanasika the , - nasika and the के .
The gable - window - like arched kudu ornaments on the kapota of the prastara are से by toranas bereft of the supporting pillars .
In its simplest and most primary form it would consist of an offset bottom course the गरदन a taller neck - like recessed vertical course the कंठ and a projecting platform the पट्टिका or पट्टिका .
A slight extension may be passed in the middle called Kumud a semi - circular or circular drawing over the throat and is called an कंठ higher than the कंठ .
When closed they have a series of pilasters against the inner faces of the walls .
The external scheme obtaining in the main vimana on their outer faces is adhered to .
The pillars are mostly of the simple type with the top and bottom sections square on plan and with the intervening section octagonal or polygonal as in the case of the southern rock - cut cave - temples .
The names मंडपम् mandapam मंडपम् mandapam हैं mandapam हैं mandapam etc .
Such simple mandapa pillars do not have differentiated capital mouldings ; but bear the खंड or corbel block directly over the top square section .
They may occasionally have the full capitals of the order or the वास्तुशिल्पीय as in the case of the cave - temples of the Deccan they may be of the kumbha - कुंभ type or have the so - called cushion capitals .
In later mandapas of the Chalukyan series the pillars above their square base are rendered into a series of curved and rounded shapes being turned over a खराद .
In the later mandapas of the Pallava - Pandya series the pillars have attached portrait statues पशुओं animal figures or a number of small pillars known as अनि पांड्य to the पशुओं .
A small upright free - standing rock just in front of the Draupadi ratha that would have hidden its front view has been shaped into a large sculpture of a standing lion facing north.
The other four rathas at , are cut out of a cross - section between the main hill ranges of Mahabalipuram and the two देवी ratha for north and south ग्राम .
The small Draupadi ratha illustrates the type of a very simple hut - like vimana square on plan with only four of the usual six विमान of the vimana namely adhishthana pada and कुटिया sikhara and stupi the प्रस्तर that are lacking .
The छत ratha represents the kuta type with a four - sided domical roof or sikhara crowned by a single stupi .
It is an example of pure Nagara order as a square plan from base to apex .
It is dedicated to Durga whose standing sculpture in relief with attendants is carved on the rear wall of the temple .
The main doorway is framed by a fine torana as also the three devakoshthas which also enshrine standing relief sculptures of Durga on the three side walls .
On either side of the doorway are flanking the नासिका one on either side in the niche between the corner plaster and the torana pilaster framing the doorway opposite the other rathas too do not have the mukha - or ardha - mandapa on the chariot and the nasikas projected from the top .
A dvitala and hence का or विमान vimana of the same Nagara order square from base to apex is illustrated in the incomplete नागर ratha facing east .
It has a small ardha - mandapa and the aditala has a single wall hence it is आदितल .
This was perhaps commenced by Mamalla ( as indicated by the label inscribed on the eastern side of the second tala ) until the extant stage of completion with the consecration of the top and the consecration of the top tala would be pressed to the top tala .
In the Dharmaraja ratha what apparently looks like the outer wall of the aditala घेरती the corners leaving open - pillared entrances on the four घेरती in between is essentially the wall of a narrow peripheral mandapa investing the aditala .
The pattern is indeed the same as the aditala inner wall rising into the outer wall of the temple of the second tala called आदितल with an intervening additional wall दीवार lower than the talas below .
The unfinished Bhima ratha too is like the Dharmaraja ratha for its aditala is surrounded by a narrow mandapa ; its walls are walled up on the corners and the intervening open fronts of two pillars on the longer and smaller sides and smaller ones with them अग्रभागों .
The mandapa carries above its prastara a ham of kutas at the four corners and sala in between .
The oblong sanctum facing west was perhaps intended for a reclining form of Vishnu with his head to the south and legs to the north .
The oblong griva ग्रीवा rising as the continuation of the garbha - griha walls is rather tall.
On each of the two long sides of the griva sikhara are five nasikas in three sizes the central one being the largest the भुजाओं and the intermediate one being the मध्यम .
The three large nasikas including the prastara are showing the complete हैं .
But a deeper conflict is that of personal loyalties .
Should one if faced with a relentless choice betray one ' s conscience or one' s religion one ' s country or one' s faith the pledge of friendship or love ? "
There is no answer to this dilemma and the choice must take its tragic course.
The next major volume of verse रवीन्द्रनाथ was the series published in 1896 .
रबी literally means the late harvest the rice gathered in the month of Chaitra ( March - April ) for all the moisture from the earth .
It was as though the poet was dimly aware that his life ' s Spring was drawing to a close the emotional exuberance and intellectual कोंपल of early manhood would soon change .
It is as if there is a lofty and emotional sadness in these poems and a dim foreboding of the parting of ways .
Before the India ' s past अभीभूत him in the next phase he will सहेजना a few immortal moments from the immediate past .
Occasionally one or more of the other seven parivara shrines deviate in form as for example the apsidal or अर्धवृत्ताकार - में shrine for Ganesa or Ganesa found in the सुंदरेश्वर temple at परिवार - LRB - जिला district - RRB - .
The संप्रदाय or the main कैलासनाथ in the Siva temple as कैलासनाथ - LRB - संप्रदाय - RRB - found in the reign of Rajasimha Pallava - LRB - संप्रदाय - RRB - as in his Kanchi - LRB - The Kailasanatha temple is now believed to be in a dedicated to the north .
The Siva temple at शिव - LRB - जिले - RRB - and the Siva temple at शिव - both in शिव district - RRB - is an example circular in the griva and sikhara section and forming on a square part of the ekatala vimana .
The aditala has four corners of its aditala which are symbols of Subrahmanya Kartikeya instead of the common आदितल .
The dvitala शिव temple at जिला ( जिला district ) and the similar Siva temple in में ( Tirunelveli district ) are slightly larger examples .
The कर्णकूट temple consists of four karnakutas small temples at the corners of the topmost tala .
The दीवारों Siva temple is noted for its exquisite architecture and sculpture and reliefs on its walls and superstructure with the celebrated joy - LRB - mukha - RRB - of Siva - RRB - perhaps reflecting the early भारतीय of Tamil Nadu and the early blend of Indian art .
The celebrated icon of Nataraja in its characteristic ananda - tandava pose depicting the पंचकृत्य of Siva of the Tamil Saiva Siddhanta as portrayed and explained by नटराज makes its advent late in the ninth century .
The Saiva saint संत is the first among संत who mentioned this form and aspect of the dance of Shiva and the small पत्थर panel ( तिरूवलीश्वरम E ) perhaps the first to be cut into stone .
This was probably the first time used as stone niche sculpture in the temple ardha - mandapa in the जिला ( Thanjavur district ) in the south wall of the ardha - mandapa in the temple and in that case the usual feature of other early Chola temples .
The जिला शाखा in the Pudukkottai district though so called after the founder of the Chola line of Thanjavur is an interesting and fine Muttaraiyar example .
The sandhara aditala of this tritala structure is square on plan externally with an almost equal - sized closed mandapa in front while the inner wall enclosing the sanctum is circular leaving an intervening one passage outside .
The second tala rising over the inner circular wall is square while the third as also the griva and sikhara above is circular in section .
The aditala ham extended over the top of the front mandapa also shows a series of dance courses .
But for this the द्वारपालों and the dvarapalas at the mandapa entrance the sculptures on the four faces at the top and the cylindrical linga with circular pitha in the sanctum there are not many sculptures.
The west - facing complex is surrounded by the परिवार parivara and a prakara with a small gopura entrance on the east located near the north - east corner at the top of a slopy top of the rock .
Its two square lower talas of the superposed sanctum type with a double - walled square sandhara aditala leaving a gulf between the walls are functional and have में forms .
The ham of the aditala over the top of the outer wall consisting of kuta sala and panjara elements is continued over the top edges of the mandapa in front .
The hara contains a series of fine crafts .
This was built by गंग the minister of Ganga गंग ( गंग ) .
The base of this massive figure is built by घिरा - मालिका the minister of मालिका - मालिका ( मालिका - मालिका ) who has worked for the lesser part of the sculpture from behind in the twelfth century by द्वारा another minister .
The Ganga temple at श्रावण near श्रावण in the month of Sravana is a Jain temple and is interesting to the fact that its three principal types of non - structure which is composed of extremely granite it opens into three common मंडप the northern side .
To this complex have been added two more lateral vimanas in front of the common mandapa of the trikuta Centre .
The whole is surrounded by a prakara with a small gopura entrance on the north .
In नागर ( Hassan district it is called the बस्ती basti ( Jain temple ) a special set of units showing the नागर classification of the southern vimanas as Nagara विमानों and वेसर are interesting in its other aspects .
Particularly may be mentioned the variety of niche toranas framing the devakoshthas that depict the different forms of toranas described in the texts and inscriptions such as the patra torana chitra torana makara torana मकर torana etc. .
Thus this temple set is an example of the different features of vimana form which were listed and codified in the Silpa and Agama texts of the period as may be called the ideal example of the textbook which was comparable with the texts .
The granite temples of Nandi the capital of the बाणों ( district ) are of Ganga . .
The small and early पहाडी on the top of the hill is not architecturally impressive while the larger temples of के and पहाडी both of the square type at the foot of hill are.
It is further elaborated in a complex by forming the central later axial mandapas and peripheral structures with a prakara and gopura on the east .
The अस्तित्वमान earlier in both of them is evidently a continuation of the existing structure and is noted for the fineness of its structure and arrangement of its structure .
The की would appear to be almost a later copy of the की .
Thus it would not appear to be more than a large assembly hall converted into a temple with a shrine inside .
The large mandapa of the ग्राम temple with its improvised shrine at the rear with an unconventional slopy roof standing on an adhishthana of its own was rightly suspected to have been originally the hall of the village moot ( Percy .
A case in point will be the case of the temple now popularly known as the जिला temple in जिला district which is a later Pallava structure not noticed in the preceding account of temples of that period .
What is extant of this sabha - mandapa or grand assembly hall of चतुर्वेदी - Chaturvedi . constructed evidently for the village sabha or assembly is only the magnificent पाषाण built - built stone the upa - pitha and the adhishthana the अधिष्ठान superstructure that stood over it .
The extant basement is in hard granite stone .
An inscription of the twenty - fourth year of Pallava . III on the extant structure itself calls it a mandapa not a विमान vimana .
This is from the time of के के .
Incidentally प्रशासकीय is the celebrated inscription of the twelfth and fourteenth year of सभा ( ग्राम ) of the first Cholas in which the rules and conditions for the formation of a gram sabha are well - written in the governing village .
These temples have a typically Chalukyan plinth form with nirandhara or single - walled aditala and with a narrower ardha - mandapa in front .
The structural stone पाषाण the northern kingdom had reached its zenith as far as 1 000 the entire Tamil area and Kerala पार the parts of south Mysore and coastal Andhra and the coast the Sri Lanka the Andamans the श्रीलंका the अंडमान the अंडमान the अंडमान and the मालदीव
The contemporary rival powers in the south were Rashtrakuta ; but they soon became powerful and put their arms before the Chalukyas of Kalyani .
The experience and knowledge gained in the construction of stone 'the great activity of the construction of temples especially those of the great ones of south India and Sri Lanka was seen with the forms and norms codified in technical and design of codified Agama and Silpa texts .
The Brihadisvara at Thanjavur the Brihadisvara और - LRB - Thanjavur - RRB - and its immediate outcome at the तंजावुर - LRB - पांड्य - RRB -.
The great temple at Thanjavur appropriately called the Brihadisvara or the राजराजा after its builder Rajaraja I conceived as a whole complex on a grand scale and completed by the founder .
It combines all that is best in temple building tradition sculpture painting and allied arts .
It is a large complex with a massive monolithic Nandi recumbent on a high pedestal in front of the vimana and its coeval axial mandapa but now sheltered in a mandapa of a much later date.
A rich disciple गुरु proud of his wealth came to the Sikh Guru and provided a pair of gold bangles .
The Guru let one bangle slip from his hand into the river below.
The disciple jumped into the river to retrieve the costly gift .
When he could not find his bangle he begged the Guru to indicate what area he fell .
The Guru threw the remaining bangle into the water and said , there . "
It is in this work that the ancient Rishi concerned is , who offered sacred mantra to his disciples .
A poor but eager boy came and begged 'to be accepted as a disciple .
The sage asked him if he was a Brahmin and who his father was .
The mother replied that she had no husband and that she was a boy if God had given him something .
The sage embraced the boy and said " You are the best of Brahmins for you have inherited the best . "
The Kasi - महादेव temple at महादेव and the Mahadeva temple at महादेव also not far from महादेव mark among others the zenith of architecture and art in this area under the Western Chalukyas .
The date of the latter temple is precisely indicated by its inscription as AD महादेव .
The main vimana extant only up to the griva the sikhara and stupi having been lost ; the stupi is a square five - storeyed structure standing on an elaborately moulded adhishthana with a sukanasika projected from the level of the fourth tala over the antarala roof .
The entire vimana is thrown out into five bays on each side the central one being the most projected with four narrower recesses in between the bays again offset repeatedly so that the plan is apparently a विमान - like one .
The hara on each side of the tala in correspondence with the width of the bays is made of two karnakutas one at either end a central sola and two intervening पंजरों .
The most projected central bay of each lateral part of the aditala with a sala superstructure has a darker and broad विमानों like the small temples with pillars all of which are double - walled vimanas with pillars or prastara and superstructure as in the उथले and narrower facade .
The navaranga forms a larger square in front its outer walls and adhishthana similarly relieved and recessed and with similar external अलंकरण .
What is more interesting is its highly ornate and raised central ceiling and the fine carvings on its stone slabs particularly those cutting the corners of the square section .
The three entrances east - south with pillared porches the pillared मंडप
The excessive decorative elements of the temple as also the plan and other features indicate its proximity in time to the typical temples of the Hoysalas and सत्ता who came after them to power in this region in the late twelfth and early thirteenth centuries .
The story of the monk . a disciple of बुद्ध Buddha is also included .
One day : This handsome young monk was sleeping on the ground outside the city wall of Mathura when suddenly something struck against his chest and he woke up .
As a matter of fact she was a beautiful courtesan of the city.
When he drew his attention to the monk he was surprised at the beautiful monk and invited him to come to his house he said No rigid and rough ground . "
The monk looked at her and said " softly " O bunch of loveliness not yet .
Go where you are going जा when the time comes for instance I shall myself attend . "
The days passed and one day as the monk was passing by the city wall he noticed a woman lying sick and abandoned on the ground .
The monk sat down beside the unconscious body and raising the head of the woman in his lap poured water on her dry lips smeared her body with cool and fragrant sandal paste and chanted prayers for her recovery.
The woman wiped her eyes and asked me who you are . "
In another poem called The Loss of दासियों the poet tells the following story: On a winter morning the Queen of Kashi went with her companions to bathe in the Ganges.
Of the temples of the वारंगल of वारंगल or Warangal the temples at पालमपेट and Palampet are the most well known and typical of their architecture and art .
The so - called वारंगल - pillared मंदिर at वारंगल ( Warangal district ) built by King Prataparudra in 1162 shows well the transition from the style of the Western Chalukyan to the Kakatiya form .
The main part consists of a trikuta or triple shrine of considerable magnitude dedicated to Siva Vishnu and Surya all the three opening into a common mandapa on the west north and east respectively .
The mandapa has open corners between the three shrines and on its two sides and its pillars inside are lathe - turned .
It is connected with an intervening Nandi - mandapa in front of the unit .
Another interesting feature of the ruined temple is the तोरण toranas marking the तोरण .
The temples at Palampet ( district ) are of another remarkable group .
The bases of the peripheral pillars of the mandapa are also connected with a वेदी and a मंडप forming the back of the मंडप .
The main structure is of red stone but the adornment is done with polished basalt or पत्थर which are stones of the hard nature .
It has a vimana in front of which there is a mukha - mandapa the three projected porch - like entrances preceded by flights of steps in the north - south and the south while the garbha - griha is attached to the west with a antarala passage .
All this is on a prominent and well - moulded upa - pitha .
The wall of the garbha - griha over the adhishthana on each side has five prominently relieved pilasters the central one wider than the lateral pairs and the prastara on top has a slopy flat plain cornice .
The recesses between the pilasters contain the usual short and slender pilaster motif surmounted by a shrine superstructure .
The superstructure of the main vimana now ruined appears to have been of four talas or storeys with a prominently projected sukanasika on the front side over the antarala a Nandi placed on top of it .
The main structure is like the great temple of Palampet in size plan and rise .
The whole stands on a double plinth with a broad upa - pitha platform below and the adhishthana or the real base of the structures above leaving a open ambulatory all round.
Over the adhishthana of the mandapa there is the usual dwarf wall or वेदी parapet forming हैं and supporting the shorter peripheral pillars at the corners and at each top each ड्यौढी entrance .
The bracket - figures represent व्याल in graceful poses and vyalas व्याल elephants with vyala heads each of which is a human body arising out of its spare space .
Inside the mandapa there are minor shrines on the periphery five of them extant as हैं .
The roof of the mandapa is dissolved .
The sala type roof or विमान over the face rises to the height of the next vimana again superposed विमान system .
The पश्चिम with its east west long arm is a torana प्रकोष्ठ which leads to the cell situated on the lower rectangle ; or there is a combination of शुकनासा Siva on either side of the roof or on top of the arch which is a common west .
Thus विजयनगर the typical temple साहसिक - LRB - a bold one - RRB - of which the architectural characteristics of the far and near have been integrated with the architectural वास्तुशिल्पीय and with the architectural design of a master विजयनगर ( i . e . विजयनगर ) and a vertical or vertical or south - वास्तुशिल्पीय ( standing model .
The aim was to point out in point of the importance of this spiritual master who commanded the respect of both the राजवंश of the royal dynasty and the seats of religious seat the different regional architectural styles might be incorporated much in the southern group .
It is in fact a large complex planned and built at one time consisting of the vimana विमान axial mandapas multi - pillared विमान and other mandapas विमान kalyana मंडप मंडप - mandapas cloister प्राकार and gopuras .
It was commenced by Krishnadeva Raya in राजधानी and was perhaps still not completed when the empire fell in 1565 after which the capital was shifted to राजधानी .
The mandapas and gopuras are as in all Vijayanagar temples remarkable for their great size .
Many of the मंडप pillars are of the order .
So would be occasions when he was नैतिक the national moral मानवतावादी with his universal and humanistic conception he was reflected through his personal ideas and ideas waves which are not only the three देश of the quality of his writings and the one which is evident from his own plays .
Whatever Plato might have said of the pleasurable Muse she was the first and last lover of Rabindranath ; and even if he had पंखों away from it he seemed to have possessed of an ever - drained पंखों and only a पंखों creature possessed of space .
The Bengali year ends in April with the हवाएं of the wind when the hot winds blow up the plains stirred over by the strong winds that वर्षा with it all the time the rains will be accompanied by rain .
But on the whole the poet ' s instinctive and pagan love of nature his voluptuous delight in its varying moods is now weighed down with melancholy passion .
He sees a temple in ruins and pity for the deity neglected and अपूजित .
There is a lovely poem which might have aroused interest in the होती ; involved the remorse of Siva who burnt the god of love at his critical hour .
The ashes carried away by the wind are now scattered all over the world and the anguish of sex repressed never ceases to trouble man .
The poet ' s foreboding of the spiritual crisis and the cross that lay ahead of him is also reflected in many of his poems .
The lower part of the abacus or का of the निचला or of the early Cholas being plain in their temples and the original pattern changed during the later Cholas to the विजयनगर ones now forming a double - sided कली pattern with a विजयनगर pattern .
The शलाका flexed arm has a horizontal connective bar below it connecting the liberated tip to the main section .
The kumbha panjara motif on the wall recesses of vimanas विमानों gopuras and mandapas is made more ornate and extensive .
The cornice or cornice which was till now thick and curved down becomes large much thin and with a double . and extends far forward often showing the imitation of the stone पाषाण of the frame supporting it .
In the mandapas as in the kalyana - mandapa of the कांचीपुरम temple in Kanchipuram - LRB - मंडप - RRB - standing में lines on the corner of the पाषाण पाषाण that a stone section is hanging down - like stone - पाषाण
This mandapa is famous for its fine and intricately - worked पाषाण in hard stone - platforms .
These are called विजयनगर and are characteristic of the Vijayanagar style .
The superstructure of the stone vimanas or gopuras are of brick and mortar often with timber inside if they are not built in the पाषाण or करण manner .
They are called सम्राट and there are some 11 high elevations : the सम्राट ( जिला ) at अरूणाचल अरूणाचल ( North Arcot district ) to अरूणाचल the great Shiva temple at अरूणाचल district .
The अहाते complex is located in a high - walled paved enclosure with three gopura entrances south and north .
There are also axial and accessory mandapas and ancillary shrines .
The axial series consisting of vimanas with front mandapas stands on an ornate platform carved with friezes of men horses विमान and small shrine हैं .
The steps leading up to the agra - mandapa are flanked by large stone yards .
The agra - mandapa itself contains huge monolithic pillars with हैं carved - out स्तंभ or with large vyalas having riders on their seats .
The superstructure of the vimana is of brick .
There are also shrines for other attendant deities in the courtyard .
The Krishna temple built by Krishnadeva Raya in में is another handsome temple complex with the usual components of attendant shrines the मंडपों the mandapas and pillared है and gopuras .
Built by राय Raya ( 1530 - 1542 ) it is noted for its great size and great proportions .
भीतर Raya temple built in में is another large structure inside a double prakara with gopuras and an Amman shrine mandapas and cloister designed on lines similar to the famous विट्ठल temple though it cannot be compared with that superb creation.
Its pillars are however handsome and it contains some fine sculpture .
The temple was dedicated to Anantasayin Vishnu but the deity is now missing .
The shrine front has three doors to render the head शरीर body and feet of the reclining god visible from the recesses .
The presence of the sukanasika in the front of the vimana superstructure is on the face of the नंदी the receiving of Nandi Devi sculptures and massive पत्थर on top of the framework of a plain विमान granite . massive stone with exquisitely carved temples .
Then there is the navaranga pattern of the mandapas as opposed to the linear multi - pillared type of the farther south and free - standing toranas as in the temples on top of the hill at राज्य ( Mysore State ) .
The Hazara Rama temple was probably begun earlier and completed by Krishnadeva Raya .
The temple is devoid of the characteristic gopura ; but its walls are decorated by friezes externally depicting dance forms , music and और .
The central power was much weakened.
The Vijayanagar साम्राज्य in the southern regions the Nayakas gradually assumed independent power .
Some of them fostered temple architecture and created some notable temples .
They were the Nayakas of Vellore ( North Arcot district ) वेल्लोर ( South Arcot district ) वेल्लोर Thanjavur and Madurai in Tamil Nadu and वेल्लोर in north - west Mysore .
The massive mandapa ( मंडप ) and the large gopura at the वेल्लोर class in Tamil Nadu in the Nayak times with figures of many गचकारी stucco : an example of the Vellore and Madurai and their most high gopura superstructure is in front of the Sri वेल्लोर .
The relieved fill of the space on their top and closely projecting from one another are the similar structures of the कांची the kalyana - mandapa of the वेल्लोर in वेल्लोर and the eastern prakara of the famous Ranganatha temple at कांची .
They are of the योद्धाओं type with an unusually brilliant line of योद्धाओं - योद्धाओं pillars with an unusually brilliant योद्धाओं in front including the योद्धाओं of योद्धाओं warriors and other figures of prey .
The large temple complex at Madurai on all sides of the central temple complex with the great mandapas and towering gopuras on all the four sides of the central shrine is mostly of the Nayaka stock - LRB - उत्तुंग - नायक - RRB - .
The सुंदरेश्वर mandapam in the Minakshi - सुंदरेश्वर temple at Madurai and the front mandapa in the temple at सुंदरेश्वर are notable examples in those hundreds .
The Subrahmanya temple unit with vimana ardha - and mukha - mandapas standing in the north - west court of the Brihadisvara temple complex is a typical example of the Nayaka temple of the ornate variety and a real gem of its type .
Built of fine - grained granite it exhibits in the mouldings of its adhishthana and pilasters of its walls some fine and intricate तंतु .
The characteristic kumbha panjara in the recesses of the wall between pilasters is rendered highly ornate as also the पुष्प corbel of the capitals over the pillars and polygonal pilasters with the बीच bud at the tip of the curved arm .
The double - flexed kapota is thin and elegant showing the भीतर supporting frame - work on the inside side .
The griva and sikhara of the square vimana are hexagonal in conformity with the six - faced के form of Subrahmanya installed in the temple .
This and other temples thus formed easily the pattern for the living art of the modern जीवित or temple - builder of south India .
Such work can be seen in the rock fort temple at Tiruchirapalli Madurai and other places .
The construction of the whole temple complex in the Vellore fort including Kalyan mandapa and a large part of the वेल्लोर temple in वेल्लोर near Vellore ; still there are नायकों of large shrines inside and around जिंजी .
Similarly there are many small Nayaka temples inside the Chandragiri Fort .
There are a few granite stone - built temples of the Hoysala times होयसल built when a collateral branch of the dynasty ruled over parts of Tamil Nadu with the capital at राजधानी near Srirangam and राजधानी
They are all built in the local regional style of विजयनगर in logical continuation of the late Pandya temples of Tamil Nadu and consequently the features of the Vijayanagar temples of Tamil Nadu that followed.
Such temples of the Hoysala times are to be found in मंदिर some 6 kms from Srirangam ( श्रीरंगम ) the local name से ( भाग ) and the eastern part of the Srirangam island .
A few more temples were built by the Hoysala generals and administrators in the Tiruchirapalli and जिलों districts .
These temples built during the Hoysala interregnum reveal in their architecture and sculpture only the local regional norms : not of the Hoysala patterns as known in their home country ( Karnataka ) built of soft पत्थर .
The Srirangam मंदिर temple shows noticeably far advanced architectural and sculptural features of the local regional style .
The sculpture of the tall slender - built graceful maidens perhaps many of them depicting अंग besides नारी in different attitudes and poses contrast with the short - built and नारी of Belur बेलूर and similar feminine sculpture in other centres of Hoysala art .
The पाषाण temple sculptures may be compared if necessary the stone sculpture of the पाषाण ) and पाषाण at close quarters and the पाषाण ( Tirunelveli district and the other parts of the Madurai - Minakshi - मीनाक्षी temple are believed to be of a hard stone sculpture .
The Ikkeri Nayakas have left temples of a Chalukyan affiliation in their capital towns of Ikkeri . . and in other places in their area .
The जिला temple at जिला जिला is the largest and finest of the Ikkeri style of temples .
It is evident that this system of tiered arrangement of slopy roof slabs or कोर्निस curved one over the other was best suited to a region of high rainfall as was the original Kadamba region on the west coast .
It may be said that this form with either type of top member and devoid of or with the sukanasika is more or less a cross between the typical northern prasada superstructure and the southern विमान forms .
This type is evident from the मल्लिकार्जुन temple near the मल्लिकार्जुन temple at मल्लिकार्जुन the Mallikarjuna group on the way to the भूतनाथ group in the Badami valley and the महाकूटेश्वर temple which is all of the Badami - Chalukya - Rashtrakuta origin .
The group of smaller shrines behind the जिला temple at जिला ( Kurnool district ) and the पापनाशम group of temples in में are of this type in the Eastern Chalukyan region .
Eight of the nine structures of the Lakshmi Devi temple complex in जिला Hassan district Mysore 2 built in होयसल are of this type belonging to the Hoysala times .
In the Eastern Chalukyan area the जिले comprising the district of Kurnool प्रासाद and Guntur have such rekha - prasada - type temples built from the seventh - eighth centuries .
In the विमान complex of nine temples in विमान all except the विमान of the southern vimana type are of this type .
They mostly date earlier than AD हैं - LRB - AD के - RRB - when as stated in an inscription the prakara enclosing the whole group was built by प्राकार .
They are mostly nirandhara while a few are sandhara .
Each unit consists of a sanctum with a well - proportioned tri ratha sikhara है an antarala and pillared mandapa with a two - tiered flat roof .
The whole axial series has a single entrance in front and a continuous wall surrounding it forming also the outer wall of the sandhara type .
The exterior wall faces are richly carved with niches surmounted by मॉटिफ motifs containing fine sculptures and lattice images .
The carvings are fine and reminiscent of the central Indian and Rajasthani styles .
The most advanced and elaborate specimen of the group is the बालब्रह्म .
Most of these temples some with original foundations dating from the tenth - eleventh centuries have been considerably renovated and reconstructed in recent centuries and as a result do not show much that can be attributed to or interpreted as evolutionary trends .
What is generally not noticed is the internal build - up and structural contents of the srikoyil since by ritual tradition and convention the interior of the Kerala temple is totally inaccessible to any except the ordinated पुरोहितों .
What one perceives of the srikoyil is in fact an external shell as it were of a core vimana or भीतर inside .
The inner one which consists of the sanctum or shrine - cells is essentially a vimana form similar to that of the one on the other in the south having a बहुस्तरीय superstructure over its entire body with a higher . shrine on which the superstructure is raised .
The plan of this central unit generally does not correspond with the srikoyil base plan and its plinth and it is usual to find that the cella is square inside what is externally a circular or apsidal structure or vice - versa.
The ultimate outer conical ( बाहरी ) or छत roof covers the inner sikhara above the central structure with its stupi or it is placed over the griva making the stupi common to both .
While the sculpture is essentially of a central part or general vimana type the मानसूनी on the east of the Western Ghats rise in the body of the southern Ghats ; the outer shell of the srikoyil covers a much longer and constantly भीतर part of the west coast .
He is not afraid of his pain .
It is fear that भय the truth as far as I travel in your infinity - - I do not pity neither death nor separation .
This collection of hundred poems entitled , ( संपदा ) was dedicated by the poet to his revered father a year - old father in grateful gratitude for his debts who were preserved in its pages .
When he read out the poems in manuscript to his father he was so pleased that he gave the son a purse to meet the expenses of publication .
Even in his भावदशा and God - conscious moods Rabindranath could not avert his face from this life and the world .
I embrace the separation of the loved one with the other . . . . .
But Bahadur Shah had neither the guts nor the power nor the will left to say anything .
The first question of the trial arises as to whether under the international law a king can be tried as a common man " there is no doubt that Bahadur Shah was a King and he was accepted as a emperor .
The Britishers prior to 1857 were no sovereign rulers of India and Bahadur Shah was not their subject though he was awarded a pension.
During the freedom struggle in 1857 a stage came when the Delhi Company was declared free from rule and Bahadur Shah was declared emperor .
In such circumstances it may be said that trying Bahadur Shah as a विद्रोही was not proper according to law nor was he justified .
Though the prosecutor had tendered a legal document to prove the charge it was not legally रूप that Bahadur Shah was in no position to cross - examine or defend himself nor was he provided any legal aid .
The circumstances in the country were such that no one having any legal knowledge had the courage to come forward to defend Bahadur Shah .
After hearing both the parties the verdict cannot be treated as a legal decision .
The manner in which Bahadur Shah was brought to Delhi after the defeat and the manner in which the witnesses were presented is proved to be a farce.
Indeed Bahadur Shah as a sovereign should not have been tried at all .
Not only that he was not in a mental state to face such a trial and defend himself .
He was 82 - years - old .
His wife Zeenat Mahal including all his friends had practically deserted him .
The case was more than two months of trial .
At no time was there any doubt about the verdict.
On 29 March 1858 Bahadur Shah was found guilty of all the charges and subsequently sentenced to transportation for life .
He left Delhi in October 1858 accompanied by बेगम Bakht बेगम Shah बेगम and his younger wife Zeenat Mahal who had by now become completely sick " and called him ' miserable ' .
He died on 7th November 1862 in 1862 .
Surendra Nath proceeded to England and appealed to the Indian Office ' but was not heard of him nor was he permitted to enrol himself as a barrister .
He returned to India in June 1875 at the इंस्टीट्यूशन Institution " he resumed his career as a professor of English and joined the Free Church College then known as the Ripon College established by him .
During his teaching lessons and public lectures he fired his long - term listeners by talking on the life and teachings of J . शिवाजी Shivaji and Sikhs history books etc .
He founded on 26th July 1876 the Indian Association which was intended to be the centre of an all - India political movement .
He undertook tours all over India to awaken the spirit of unity and solidarity among the people .
Surendranath ' s popularity can be judged from the fact that when he was heard the title of imprisonment in a charge of contempt of the court Surendranath Banerjee was a perfect master in Bengal .
Surendra Nath played a leading role in the Indian National Congress too and twice became its president in 1895 and 1902 .
It is undoubtedly due to the part played by Surendra Nath and his colleagues in Bengal that the Indian National Congress came to be looked upon after the second session as the handiwork of the Bengalis .
They also participated in the ' Bang ' and ' बायकाट ' movement ' .
His leadership at the Barisal Conference made him the king of बादशाह .
He was frank and fearless and for his undaunted courage was imprisoned for contempt of the High Court .
He spoke against corrupt judiciary and set an example for times to come .
Surendra Nath Banerjea was editor of an English paper in which he wrote a leading article on 28th April 1883 .
This article was based on a report published in the Brahmo Public Opinion stating that one of the judges of the High Court of Calcutta Mr Justice Norris had ordered a Hindu litigant to bring his household deity ' s identity .
It seems that on previous occasions also Justice Norris had acted with prejudice against the Hindus in many cases.
The report touched the sentiments of most of the people of Bengal and the noted Surendranath Banerjea wrote a critical article in his निर्भीकता and समाज a high court judge " he says " Now a High Court judge " .
The article created a stir not only in Calcutta but all over India ; it hurt not only the feelings of Hindus but also the feelings of the entire judiciary especially the English judges .
The language of the article was equally sharp and quick .
It was a frontal attack on the judiciary and more particularly on the member of the High Court .
I should like to emphasise that if I knew it or there was any reason to believe that the report of the पब्लिक Public Opinion was fair or misleading and I do not wish to write anything else .
The circumstances which are the conditions of the British India are marked by high regard to the Hon 'ble Court and the High Courts in other cases and I believe that it is the most impartial privilege and privilege of all sections of society to whom they receive .
हुए the jurisdiction of the High Court in issuance of the notice he said " I am advised that the Hon’ble Court should have been in existence to issue the order and deal with है . or me as such .
He had the courage to say that no justice could be done so briefly in such a case .
Though he was sorry for his writing and wanted to be a little more than court he was not given the time and on 4 / 5 May 1883 the case was delivered to the Chief Justice . and four other न्यायालय judges of the High Court .
The Chief Justice with whom Cunningham J. न्यायाधीश J. and Norris J. न्यायाधीश delivered the verdict of the court shows how sensitive were English judges and how harsh they were in such cases .
The case was taken up on 4th May 1883 and the judgment was delivered the next day .
Your counsel has also wholly failed to explain to the court why the article was included in this letter .
And you should also know very well that the affidavits upon which the rule was issued were not directed to the subject of that report .
" Such matters in your affidavit so far from अपराध your offence appear to them in the eyes of the court .
He is finding it difficult to believe that the editor of a letter such as yours is so देशी of the alleged act that he has brought out these charges only on the basis of ' a High Court ' s conduct and character .
" The courts are prepared to take part in your affidavit for your counsel has stated that these affidavits have been prepared without further consent but for the other reasons your offence was not diminished . "
Case No.
The court order is that you be imprisoned on the civil side of Presidency Jail for the space of two months . "
It was the first occasion in the history of the British justice system in India when a man of reputation for contempt of the court was sentenced to such अदालत - सजा and सजा .
The practice of the law was to ensure that the accused was released without warning after a condition of अभियुक्त -
In the guise of semblance of justice the High Court was keen to teach a lesson not only to Surendra Nath Banerjea but to warn Indians in general that it would not brook any criticism of a British judge .
But I do not agree with the opinion of the majority in the court on the question of the punishment to be inflicted .
Two such cases had come up before the court was established .
The matter was discussed fully and after the court had pronounced its decision that they were guilty suitable apologies were made .
In the present case persons charged with contempt of the court were at once admitted their guilt and expressed their deep regret at having unwittingly cast the undeserved disgrace upon a learned judge of the court .
In the first case the Chief Justice Sir बार्नेस बार्नेस had pronounced his decision : " Though most of the judges were of the opinion that the accused were guilty of contempt .
In the second case the court asked Mr Taylor to pass a sentence of one month in the civil part of the Presidency Jail to pay a fine of Rs 500 and that he should be fined .
There the Chief Justice Sir सर टेलर had said with a reference to the pardon issued by Mr Taylor before the decision : " If you have already given you will not need to add anything else to your excuse . "
Tilak was convicted of sedition by an English jury after three weeks of prolonged trial in the Bombay High Court .
The immortal words with which he greeted his conviction are now enshrined in a tablet in the Central Room of the Bombay High Court हैं where he was tried and दंडित
He said " All I wish to say is that inspite of the verdict of the jury I maintain that I am innocent.
There are higher ^ powers that rule the destiny of things and it may be the will of Providence that the cause I am fighting is more जेल than to be outside my jail . "
This trial has no place in the history of Indian legal cases .
Mr M . C . लोकमान्य the then Chief Justice of Bombay depicting the suit in the Central Hall of the Bombay High Court said : " In the memory of Lokmanya Tilak I have had the honour or the privilege of exposure to it today .
In this very room on two occasions within the space of twelve years Lokmanya Tilak sat in the dock as an कठघरे and on two occasions he was convicted and sentenced to imprisonment .
We have met here today to make atonement for the suffering that was caused by these convictions to a great and distinguished son of India .
That disgrace हैं our record and we seek to remove that disgrace.
With scant knowledge of Marathi.
He did his best to prejudice the minds of the special jury who themselves had no knowledge of Marathi.
He read an article from Kesari in support of the charge under Section 153 .
The gist of the article given by them may be quoted here :
All thinking and thinking people have already made their opinion about the reasons why the bomb party was born .
The सरकारी party' has come into existence as a result of oppression practised by the official class the harassment inflicted by them and their obstinacy in treating public opinion .
The bomb exploded owing to the official class having tried the patience of the Bengali youth .
The responsibility for the calamity must therefore be thrown not on the political agitation literary writing or speeches but on the सरकारी and the obstinacy of the official classes . "
He had to pay a heavy price for this for he did not find his support in this work nor was the सुधारवादियों of the ancient सुधारवादियों which watched him as an irrelevant सुधारवादियों and not the सुधारवादियों of the past .
It was a position ideal for a poet but inconvenient for a social reformer who needed money and men for his institution .
But his admirers and well - wishers were inclined to believe that the school was at best a poet ' s सनक .
He found it difficult for him to get the proper amount and a large number of students for his school and to meet its expenses he had to sell his jewellery to a part of his house and private library at Puri to increase his enthusiasm .
But the school was by no means a poet ' s सनक .
It was his sadhana a medium of creative striving for the good of his people his one epic which he continued to work on till the end of his life and which grew with his growth remaining हुआ .
It was no doubt the poet ' s dream - if not the poet could tell the world of the earliest tidings of the unborn flower .
He had been deeply involved with problems which concern the welfare of the people and the greatest of these problems appealed to him was education which अवरुद्ध the mental development of the young generation .
The defence cannot be forced to carry this burden .
It is for the prosecution to prove that the translation is correct .
Here the charge is not based on the original Marathi article and is based on the English translation .
Supposing this was an English article and an Englishman was charged with sedition the charge would fail if the prosecution proceeded on a document in which it was proved different words to those written .
Here there are differences between the original words in Marathi in the Kesari and the words used in the translation . "
Tilak submitted that a healthy criticism of the administration as a social worker and a journalist was his duty .
It was the duty of every Indian .
The 22 - hour defence taken by Tilak lasted for six days .
He explained that the Kesari articles were meant to warn the government that the way to repression was not proper .
Do n ' t agree - even if you have a right to say that in your opinion the matter does not fall under Section 124 - A .
You may agree or disagree with my views - but they can accept them or reject .
The point is whether my action was within my rights and whether the subjects of His Majesty in India owe the same freedom to the so - called Indian citizens which are enjoyed by the British subjects of Britain and the Anglo - Indian subjects .
It is not a matter of whether the views are correct.
I ' ll have to change my mind tomorrow .
Gentlemen may release your idea .
You will presently hear what the Advocate General has to say and His हिज will address you .
The responsibility is yours ; you have to decide that the accused is " or " worthy " .
You are representatives of the people and know their views ; you have to say what you think it affects .
I would urge you to forget all other circumstances outside this court .
Tagore also said that the teaching of music and fine arts greatly impressed the child ' s emotions and sentiments .
Education to be real must be of the whole man in order to stimulate the senses and the senses .
" Man in his totality as Tagore says he is not limited to his own individual being but to his community . "
And so in his school along with individual initiative and self - reliance equal emphasis was laid on community service .
If it does not strike roots in the soil and adapt itself to the natural environments it has little value for the people .
The intellectuals of the generation and some of them still do not for the sake of their own ideas and methods of पंखों their विदेशों and senses and shouted Tagore ' s पंखों national confidence and admiration for our पंखों our country .
Life can never be अनुकरण it coordinates and that is why he warned his people against the पश्चिम voice : " If the whole world goes on increasing.
These were the main principles of his educational ideal which he tried to implement with his very limited resources and in a very humble beginning .
Not that having established his school he left it to his assistants to run it himself occupied with higher things .
He loved children loved them dearly and loved teaching them .
He believed that every child carried a message from God and that too he had not yet disappointed .
Finding that there were no suitable primers and textbooks available in Bengali he wrote them himself and encouraged his colleagues to do the same .
The poet could मेहनत as much as he could .
As though to test the sincerity and strength of His new devotee God sent him as He had done to His servant Job of the Old Testament a series of bereavements and शोक .
Within a few days of his finding a new home in Santiniketan his wife Mrinalini fell seriously ill and was taken to Calcutta on 23 November 1902 .
This lady had been playing for twenty years ; but she wore full महिला and had looked after the poet with great devotion and had borne him five children .
These were published in a small volume of twenty - seven poems remarkable for their depth of tender ness and for their simplicity .
“My night has passed on the bed of sorrow and my eyes are tired.
He lived before that many gifts he had made to the poet he could give him back and he could only say that he would give him to God who was destined for him .
I have found myself in the morning and I bring her to my arms ; for you I bring my own knowledge of God and my gift for him .
रवीन्द्रनाथ he looks for them everywhere in the house but he has found that he has never recovered from this earth ; the house is small and the once has not gone .
But infinite is Thy mansion my Lord and seeking her I have come to Thy door.
This collection of poems was published a year later as हुआ .
शोक disguised is more potent than grief expressed.
Look around at the familiar faces of those men and women who had come from far off to give their affection : " It is not a court .
To quote the Round Table Conference : ' " ' मोहनदास ' 1921 ' 1921 ' 1921 ' 1921 ' 1921 ' 1921 ' 1921 ' 1921 ' and ' करमचंद ' महामहिम ' on फरवरी ' February 29 1921 ' .
When the court called upon the accused to state if they plead guilty Gandhi said: " I plead guilty on each count of the charges .
I merely observe that the King ' s name is omitted from the charge - sheet and in my opinion very properly.
The Advocate General ( Sir T . अभियोक्ता ) special public prosecutor asked the court not to convict on the pleas but to proceed with the case .
However the सरकारी court accepted the pleas of the 'guilty' and asked the public prosecutor to say anything he wished to say on the question of punishment .
Sir T. . made the following statement :
I believe that these articles are part of an organised campaign carried on for years .
Secondly Mr Gandhi is an educated man and a recognised leader and this makes the campaign all the more harmful .
The court must consider the inevitable result of this campaign as shown by recent events .
The offence of the other accused is not so घोर ; yet serious .
In his case there should be a heavy fine . "
When asked to say anything he wished to say uttered these memorable words: " I should like to say before reading my statement that what the Advocate General has said about me is all that I support .
I admit the blame for the crimes of violence committed in Bombay Canada and elsewhere .
It is true that I ought to know the consequences of my action .
I believe I was playing with fire but if released.
I feel it necessary to do so as my duty to my people .
I do not want your compassion .
The court must do its duty .
He wrote : " It was a historical performance of a master ' s ऐतिहासिक . of भाष्णशैली . of logical logic . high thinking and inspiring all these made the difference to the men including the judge and the Advocate General .
For a minute everybody wondered who was on trial - whether Gandhiji before the British judge or whether the British Government before God and humanity.
Mahatmaji finished reading his statement and for a few seconds there was complete silence in the room .
The Advocate General then pointed out that under Section 27 - B of the Criminal Procedure Code the court might convict the accused on their pleas or proceed .
As per Section 124 - A the average accused plead guilty ' so it should be recorded and recommended .
Thus it was necessary for the judge to proceed with the case firstly because the charges were very serious and in other public interest it was desirable that the charges should be fully investigated.
But before that he wanted to hear the Advocate General who not only caused the अभियुक्त of the alleged articles but was responsible for the planned campaign launched by Young India in 1921 .
The court was again reading out extracts from the paper dated 8th June when the duties of the accused were reviewed and the obligation was to preach disaffection towards the government and prepare the country for civil disobedience .
I have to look at only one side of your character .
My function is to judge you as a man only under justice - a man who has broken the law and who has looked upon him as a common man .
There are very few people in India who do not sincerely regret that you should not be at liberty .
I wish to balance what is due to you and what seems to me necessary in the interest of the public .
I propose a sentence which was passed about 12 years ago in a similar case .
The sentence that was passed upon him ultimately was simple imprisonment for six years .
And I would like to say that if in future circumstances the government decides to reduce or release you nobody would be more glad than me . "
Once again in the words of Justice देशभक्तों why the trial is held to be a great historical trial Why should he attach more importance to the trials of patriots and patriots .
Admittedly he was not due to the personality of the accused but because of his extraordinary influence on those intimate Indians and not because of his consequences on the Indian destiny but also its basic issue .
The same issue had elevated the trial and its runs to such heights .
Though he was much in common with one of the earliest trials of such nature the struggle against tyranny and injustice of the मुकदमों and other patriots was above him and his experiments in life were still more directed against him . . . . . .
In the history of criminal trials in India it was a trial where the defendant had not spent his defence to a मुकदमा .
There was no defence counsel no बचाव no legal के but the accused earned eternal glory in the moral and legal horizon of India .
The Meerut conspiracy case trial was one of the most notorious trials to take place during the British regime .
All except M . N . Roy and the British Civil Servants were arrested in March 1929 and kept in custody during trial .
They were charged under Section 121 - A of the Indian Penal Code .
The trial became notorious on account of its peculiar duration.
To provide education to such students Rabindranath and some other educators were united and they set up a Council for their राष्ट्रीय and became the first principal of the philosopher and yogi Sri Aurobindo .
It was in this Council that Tagore delivered many lectures on the principles of literature which were later published as Sahitya रवीन्द्रनाथ .
He had hoped that by leading the popular discontent against foreign rule he would combine this new zeal for national freedom with an active programme of national regeneration.
He planned and outlined such a programme through a series of remarkable lectures and essays in which he anticipated almost the entire basic principles of the day and later turned into a nation - wide mass of non - violence under the leadership of Mahatma Gandhi .
He lacked the Mahatma ' s tireless patience and persistence his calm judgement and unruffled will his genius for , strategy and his unrivalled gift of leadership .
He rode the storm majestically for a time but as soon as it raised in its inevitable howl of violence he retired from the battle - field a युद्ध and a wiser man .
He was greatly criticised for giving up the struggle which he inspired as a hero but we must also remember that Tagore knew his limitations and that he was wise in this way .
Apart from social and national problems he wrote a large number of essays on education literary literary literary criticism लोक folklore and philosophy of व्यंजना and निबंध - शिक्षा which he published in 1906 .
The tide is symbolic of the poet ' s mood of wistful expectancy of waiting for the ferry to cross the river .
The trial in the Sessions Court started in the first week of June 1929 .
The public prosecutor who conducted the case for the Crown produced few more witnesses on behalf of the prosecution .
Once the prosecution evidence had been completed Bhagat Singh felt that it was time for giving a detailed statement about his aim .
He had worked hard to prepare his written statement .
On June 6 Asaf Ali read this statement from Bhagat Singh and Dutt in the court .
This historical statement is a masterly document based on revolutionary and Marxian principles and relates a revolutionary chapter in the history of Indian revolutionaries .
The statement was so touching that three of the four assessors could not hide their eyes गीली with tears.
The allegations made against us in the lower court are correct or wrong ?
Our answer to the first half of the question is चश्मदीद but the so - called " eye witness " has given evidence in this case झूठ is utterly false .
The witnesses who have deposed to having seen bombs being thrown by us have to tell a lie .
The bomb was necessary to awaken England from her dreams.
We dropped the bomb on the floor of the Assembly chamber to register protest on behalf of those who have no other means left to give expression to their heart - pain .
Our sole purpose was to make the deaf hear and warn the Government in time .
Others have as keenly felt as we have done and from such seeming stillness of the sea of Indian humanity a veritable storm is about to break .
We have only hoisted the Danger Signal 'to warn those who are speeding along without खतरे to the grave dangers .
We only wish to point out that the era of ' imaginary non - violence is now over and the new generation has no doubt about its futility . "
On the contrary we repeat that we hold human lives sacred beyond anyone and that instead of injure anyone we shall throw away our lives by प्राण . "
हुए the concept of revolution the किसान statement stated : " It is the only effective way of dealing with the vast social problems of our times and making the peasants and workers an effective part of the people ' s freedom and political freedom .
The many bereavements and disappointments he had recently suffered had only served to steel his fortitude and to prepare him for the change that was to come .
The songs ( some of which were sung are mostly और and और 11 of them were later included in his English ' Gitanjali and ' The अंग्रेजी ' गार्डनर ' and ' गार्डनर ' .
" Who has let you wear these unbreakable chains ?
It was I who said the prisoner : " I watched the chain with great pains .
Thinking that my chain would bind the whole world except me .
And so I laboured at it : on the night to set the लोहे iron in fire and hit it on a आग .
When this chain is ready I have myself been जकड by its links . "
The poet describes himself as a beggar girl who went to beg for alms before him a prince who asks him to come and beg his hands . "
जातीहै
What can he give her ?
Kundan Lal and Prem Dutt were awarded imprisonment for seven and five years respectively .
घोष Ghosh सान्याल J . N . Sanyal and Des Raj were acquitted .
Of those absconding Bhagwati Charan met with an accident in a bomb explosion in May 1930 and Chandra Shekhar Azad was killed in an encounter with the police in Azad Park Allahabad in February 1931 .
The legal battle was not over even after the death sentence.
The defence council composed of particular persons decided to submit a petition to the Privy Council to challenge firstly the legality of the ordinance appointing a Special Tribunal and to disseminate knowledge and give publicity abroad .
On 10th February 1931 the petition was rejected by the Privy Council .
Not to be deterred on the 14th of February 1931 Pandit Madan Mohan Malaviya submitted an appeal to the Viceroy seeking his prerogative of mercy in निर्वासन death sentence to transportation for life on a human basis .
On 16th February 1931 life Lal कारावास . and शाम filed a suit of the habeas corpus petitions in the High Court and the validity of death proposed sentence challenged the execution of the sentence on the ground that the execution of the hanging tribunal on October 8 .
It further united the freedom fighters in their struggle against the British .
The government decided that the execution sentence would be awarded on 23rd March 1931 .
After his release he joined the Indian National Congress .
On the controversial issue of the Indian National Congress helping the British Government in the Second World War he resigned.
इसलिए he seemed so lonely .
On May 10 1924 after the arguments in the Sessions trial were over and before the judgment was pronounced in the Kanpur case Lieutenant - Colonel 1924 सरकारी directed the District Magistrate to issue warrants for the arrest of M . N. Roy .
The warrant was issued and made over to Cecil था .
It was presumed that it would be sent to England for execution as Roy according to Scotland Yard ' s information was likely to go to England and Europe .
M. N. Roy reached India secretly in December 1930 .
Roy during the Sessions trial wanted to make a lengthy statement in his defence but was not allowed to make it .
It was later smuggled out from jail and published under the title जेल जेल .
It is a remarkable legal document which has established its place in legal history .
It gives ample proof of industry intelligence and industry in its vast knowledge of M . N . Roy .
He then made a request under Section 121 A of the Indian Penal Code - LRB - b - RRB - for the purpose of षड्यंत्र His Majesty ' s sovereignty over India and disputed its legality and succession .
He stated that the British Government in India is " a machine of 'an enormous tyranny and मशीन and that " The people of India are not committed to maintaining allegiance to the British Empire " and has the right to revolt.
He justified his argument by quoting from the quotations of Locke Hume Bentham भारत के राजनीतिक and other political philosophers and legal experts who wrote on the legality of the British conquest of India .
दुए to the accusation of the intention to use force he said :
But in reality Force is power .
Roy was sentenced to 12 years' transportation .
Immediately plans were made for appeal to the High Court प्रिवी and to the Privy Council .
Since all his friends except साम्यवाद Singh lived in other parts of the country he was given the responsibility to arrange an appeal and unfortunately the orthodox originate in the very first few months of his hearing .
Towards the end of 1932 he returned to Europe .
With his sudden departure Roy was crippled in his effort to prepare for the hearing of his appeal .
It was difficult to assemble the papers of the case which had been in Singh ' s care .
Most of Roy ' s loyal supporters and many left - wing nationalists who had come to his defence were heard of the appeal by the judge Thomas on 17 May 1933 .
The appeal was heard and the young and able lawyer Dr K . N . Katju did not agree with D . Sanyal whereas the government advocate appeared for the Crown .
The institution of such a communist government was to be preceded by the violent overthrow of the existing Constitution in India and the destruction of the sovereignty of the King emperor .
In November 1907 the climax of his family life was the time of tragedy when his youngest son - was हैजे the lovely and gifted son more or less like his father who died on the same day of cholera at the age of thirteen .
In the course of five tempestuous years Tagore suffered an almost total break - up of his family life.
She lost her wife and two children the eldest daughter of the three children living was living in the company of her husband . - बंगाल the eldest son of Bengal who had been sent to the United Nations in America a few months ago .
The solitude that would have been intolerable for him in a mob which lasted for some time at Shelidah .
And this heavy shadow of sorrow that lay on his heart ; was reflected in his companions .
He had learnt not to pollute his art ' in the muddy waters of his शोक his verse was composed which turned out to be the medium of a higher love and was more devoted to God than to everything outside.
Though his literary talent was regarded as everyone ' s iron ; but with malicious and limited approval many orthodox and साहित्यिक put it down for a long time in his स्कूली and asked for it to be लिखित .
He was then at the height of popularity when he led the mass movement against the partition of Bengal but it was famous for a few days and was no longer being blamed for him .
He had alienated the ruling authorities who issued secret circulars asking the Government servants and loyalists not to send their children to his school .
Seventh charge: I. Army Act Section 41 ( against the said Captain P . ) .
Committing a civil offence that is to say murder contrary to Section 109 of the Indian Penal Code - LRB - Section - RRB - of the Indian Penal Code - LRB - Section - RRB - is that he is - LRB - Section 115 - RRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - LRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - is the offence punishable under Section K - RRB - Section K - to धारा
The Indian Army Act VI ( Section 41 ) against the said Lt. Gurbaksh Singh Dhillon alone ) .
Committing a civil offence that is to say murder contrary to Section 302 I. P. C. in that he - LRB - Lt. Dhillon - RRB - at or near बर्मा Hill in Burma on or about 6th March 1945 by causing the death of Dharam Singh .
" . . : Indian Army Act . Section 41 ( against the said Captain p . 61 ) .
He was preaching to the outrage against Section 109 of the Indian Penal Code which is punishable under Section 302 of the Indian Penal Code ( Section 302 ) that he died in or around मार्च धरम Hill or about धरम murder .
One - tenth charge of the Indian Army Act शाह Section 41 ( only the said Captain Shah Nawaz Khan .
Sir N. P . Engineer opening the prosecution case said that the accused were Indian commissioned officers owing allegiance to the King and as such were subject to the Army Act .
Tracing the history of the formation of the Azad Hind Fauj he said that Subhas Chandra Bose had left India in January 1942 for Kabul from where he had proceeded to Germany .
He was a political suspect and was under watch.
And thus he stood by God entirely dependent on his inner resources in the face of external conditions as well as internal necessity .
His religious poems written in this period which were published in धार्मिक धार्मिक and धार्मिक were full of आवेगपूर्ण dedication and most simplicity like the blood of his heart reached its climax .
His religious insight like that of all great saints and mystics was born of deeply experienced sorrow and isolation .
The most remarkable aspect of his deepening religious insight was that it enriched instead of eating into or अनुदार his love of this earth and this life .
He sought God not only in the privacy of his soul but in every manifestation of His play in the outside world .
As in many other plays the play is staged on the open air ; for nature is not merely the background of these plays but is also an active character .
After cross - examination by the defence counsel all the three accused were lodged .
शाह Shah Nawaz Khan questioned the authority of the court to try him .
In his statement he explained why he joined the Indian National Army .
" In short the question before me was the question of choosing between the King and the country .
I decided to be loyal to my country and promised Netaji that I would sacrifice myself for the sake of the country .
Finally Sir I wish to tell you that any mercenary or Indian army could not have faced the hardships as the I. N. A. did.
We fought only for India ' s freedom .
I do not deny having taken part in the fight but I did so as a member of the regular fighting forces of the Provisional Government of Free India who waged war for the liberation of their motherland according to the rules of civilised warfare .
I also maintain that my trial by court martial is illegal.
The defence also proved that those acts which were the basis of allegations ; those of an organised army were carried out during the proceedings of a government which claimed the status of a State against the Japanese and its territories .
Interesting questions regarding the law of युद्ध were discussed .
The existence of war was purely a question of fact .
Whether a struggle amounted to a war or not was to be determined not from the relation of the युद्धरत powers but from the manner of a struggle .
If in exercise of what has been called the sacred right of rebellion a considerable body of subjects of a State rose and the struggle became a popular uprising then that people were entitled to be treated as जनता .
In other words an army ' if in the struggle for freedom a subject people would find a situation which could be described as a war caused by an organised army the right to that war is vested in such rights and privileges .
The declaration of a war situation provides confidence in the action taken during the war as the पैतृक will again be a rebel or a failed rebel against parental authority .
According to the maxim of International Law the successful revolution would be the government established .
But if the rebellion fails to occur even if the fight they carried out by an organised army was entitled to recognition as a युद्ध force .
So far as argument of allegiance owed by officers of the Indian Army who joined the I. N. A. was concerned it might be said that allegiance was owed to the King and the country .
Before Sheikh Abdullah is convicted these questions must be considered very carefully and weighed in the light of the repercussions which are inevitable.
The mischief of conviction is greater than even the mischief caused by the alleged speeches or their arrest .
The remedy sought is worse than the disease .
You convict and बंदी a person and all possibility of a solution between the ruler and the ruled is lost .
Do not let the people think that the raising of their voices by their leaders means only convictions sentences misery and degradation .
Let them feel that the ruler is there for his people ; they appreciate the feelings and sentiments of their people and have the courage to say that I am incapable of ignoring the mistakes of my subjects .
One conviction will not solve the problem; it will make remedy worse than the बीमारी ; it will drive hundreds of thousands into the wilderness of resentment असहयोग and non - co - operation .
The court ordered the following charges against all the three speeches under Section 124 - A of the Ranjit Penal Code .
He is convicted under the above Section on all the three counts and sentenced to three years' simple imprisonment with a fine of rupees five hundred on each count .
In default of payment of fines they will further have to suffer simple imprisonment for three months .
The sentences of imprisonment shall correspond with each other . "
Sheikh Abdullah was convicted on 10th September 1946 .
India achieved independence on 15th August 1947 .
The Maharaja of the princely State of Kashmir had no alternative but to release Sheikh Abdullah who was set free on 29th September 1947 .
The Lion of Kashmir soon became the first Chief Minister of Kashmir .
Sheikh Abdullah ' s trial inspired the movement of Kashmir छोडो which had failed in other parts of India .
Sheikh Abdullah ' s speeches made on 10th 12th 14th and 16th of May 1946 followed by Asaf Ali the spirited defence of the शासकों of Kashmir' paved the way for the dedication of rulers of various princely States in India .
What is Unicode ?
Unicode provides a unique number for each character है
No matter what the ,
no matter what the program is.
be a language .
Computer keyboard shortcuts are basically dependent on those numbers .
They store letters and characters by assigning a number for each letter and character .
Before Unicode was invented there were hundreds of different encoding systems for assigning the numbers .
No single encoding may contain enough letters : for example the European Union alone requires several different encodings to cover all its languages .
For a language like English the same encoding was not enough for all the letters punctuation and technical symbols of common use .
These encoding systems also conflict with one another .
That is why two encodings can use the same number for two different characters - one or use different numbers for the same letter .
Any computer ( especially servers ) needs to support various signals e . g .
Unicode is changing all this .
Unicode (UTF - 32 provides a unique number for each character . No matter what the program है No matter what the language is .
The Unicode Standard has been adopted by a large number of industry players like सन सन सन Microsoft Oracle SAP सन सन सन सन and many others .
Unicode is required by modern standards ( अधिकारिक ) like जावा Java जावा ( Java script ) अधिकारिक ( जावा ) जावा ( C . पी ) and is applicable to जावा .
It is found in many operating systems - all modern browsers and many other products .
The emergence of the Unicode Standard and the availability of its supporting equipment are among the recent global software technology trends .
The induction of Unicode into client - server or multi - dimensional devices and websites offers tremendous saving in costs than using conventional devices .
Unicode enables a single software product or one website to find . that can be used in various देशों languages and countries without proper handling .
It allows data to be transported through different systems without hindrance .
Unicode (UTF - 32 is a non - profit organization founded to represent the presentation of text in the modern software products and standards बढावा to develop के extension and its use .
The membership of this organisation includes various corporations and organisations in the computer and information industry .
Membership in the Unicode Consortium is open to organizations and individuals anywhere in the world who support unicode and seek its extension and implementation .
For more information see the Glossary Unicode Enabled Products . Technical Introduction and Useful source .
- K . V . S . वायु Our environment is a mixture of air water and soil which is known as atmosphere वातावरण and मिट्टी respectively.
Not only is the precious non - renewable resources carelessly विनाश but in the process man has exposed himself to various hazards through application of कचरे and release of radioactive waste .
Whether there is a country or a place there is a hue and cry about pollution .
Pollution दूषित the air and poisons water .
To meet the growing demand for power hydro - electric thermal and nuclear power plants are being increasingly set up .
The actual result is pollution of air and water everywhere.
More and more people have started migrating to cities which in turn increases air pollution .
According to the 1951 Census the urban population was estimated to be around करोड million . in 1991 - 2001 it rose to about 150 per cent in just 30 years .
Some of these things are carried to distant places by wind currents the rain and rivers .
These materials are also found in high mountains and in तट swamps and are hazardous for human beings animals birds and fish .
It is reported that the lungs cancer has increased by 50 per cent in a particular region of Russia with 30% increase in the mortality rate of 30 per cent and birth defects by about 55 per cent .
Another kind of pollution that has come into prominence recently is radiation which is a result of the growth of nuclear power and nuclear weapons .
Radioactive materials find their way into the atmosphere and water courses .
The number of nuclear power plants in operation though small at present and considered relatively safe may cause environmental and health problems .
Mining operations especially in reserve forests and sanctuaries are posing a serious threat to the environment .
To cite an example Sariska the game sanctuary nestling in the Aravalli Hills Rajasthan and known the world for its tigers has now become a dumping ground for mining wastes .
As a result all kinds of animals including the tiger are virtually fighting for their destruction .
Lastly mention has to be made about pollution caused by noise .
Pollution is like a tiger lurking in the bush ready to pounce upon us at any time leading to घात .
It is like a sword hanging over our head .
Man himself is walking along the path of suicide - his pistol is pollution .
We have poisoned the air water and soil with pollutants .
We have scattered the natural communities that affect our survival in the complex system of " the great life - series " .
We will soon संतुलन the balance of the natural forces in the earth the oceans and the oceans in ways that they could be disastrous for humanity .
We have reached a point where we must protect our environment from getting polluted to save ourselves .
Air pollution has never been as bad as it is now .
Though we have great advantages over industrial progress we must ensure that the air we breathe is not contaminated . "
For instance a 500 - MW thermal power plant produces 2 000 tonnes of ash every day .
Moreover important industries contributing to air pollution are cement वायु steel and ore processing industries .
The automobile exhausts are in no way less dangerous than the industrial smoke .
It is reported that automobiles at Greater Calcutta alone spew about 1 500 tonnes of pollutants into the atmosphere every day .
To meet the demands of an exploding population the number of buses plying on the roads have been increasing .
The number of vehicles in Delhi in 1992 was around 19 lakh which were constructed in Chandigarh is around 5 lakh वाहनों on roads .
Hyderabad is estimated to have lost about 4.7 million tonnes of smoke and fumes every day .
Air pollution.
The pollutants comprise 10 lakh tonnes of carbon monoxide . 30 lakh tonnes of sulphur dioxide - 2 lakh tonnes of hydrogen sulphide and 50 lakh tonnes of particulate matter .
Special mention may be made here about the thermal power stations in India which number about 66 at present and discharge 30 to 40 million tonnes of fly ash per day .
The total air pollution load in Mumbai is estimated to be around मोटरवाहनों tonnes per day with 1 357 tonnes per day coming from industries 1 538 tonnes from vehicle exhaust and 62 tonnes from domestic smoke .
The average level of the sulphur present in the atmosphere over Bombay is reported to be twice that of the safety सल्फर certain pockets in Bombay have already crossed the danger mark .
In the words of N . K . वायु the best description of the pollution of Delhi can be : " The air in Delhi gives it the dubious distinction of being the fourth most polluted city in the world .
Persons affected by diseases like anaemia are more prone to get affected because carbon monoxide may lead to serious injuries to vital organs.
It is reported that lower levels of sulphur dioxide cause temporary spasm of the smooth muscles of the lungs .
The cilia which protect the respiratory system get affected by sulphur dioxide causing cough shortness of breath and spasm of the larynx.
It can also cause acute irritation of the eye membranes resulting in tears and हैं .
Hydrogen sulphide is known to be a waste of सडे eggs .
Lead which is discharged into the air via the automobile exhaust is a cumulative poison that may cause brain damage .
A report on the industrial accident at कुत्ते revealed that about 20 per cent of the birds and 15 per cent dogs were affected in the industrial accident .
Lead poisoning is very common in cattle sheep and horses .
घास along busy roads contain substantial amounts of lead and animals grazing on them become susceptible to lead poisoning .
Air contaminated with ozone acts as an वायु and can be responsible for pulmonary changes oedema and haemorrhage in dogs cats and rabbits .
Though the air - borne animals are not directly affected by फ्लुओराइड - LRB - फ्लुओराइड - RRB - the high - हवा of fluoride crops do not induce anti - फ्लुओराइड .
Bone lesions in the bones are generally abnormal .
Diarrhoea weight loss lowered fertility and reduced milk production are some of the other effects of fluoride pollution.
A Liberian oil - vessel was टकरा into the sea almost में gallons of crude oil .
The resultant oil slick led to the death of many fish and water birds .
This accident made the world sit up to the dangers of oil तेल
The Santa Barbara became the focal point because of the damage caused by the फट of a well in the sea - water in 1969 to the discomfort of the सांता California people .
Not only was the beach affected but even some birds and other creatures faced death due to the spread of oil .
Just after the spill it was claimed that the channel had become a ' पारिस्थितिक मरूभूमि though recent investigations reveal that the damage was not so serious .
In 1978 a heavy oil tankers on the coast of Alaska were to hit by a sea - rock that claimed over a million gallons of oil to the sea .
When the oil hit the shore about 1 00 000 birds died.
सागर and स्तनपायी ( a mammal resembling dolphin in appearance ) was poisoned and they sat on the bottom of the sea .
नहीं accidents do not occur even in India ; in समुद्र an American tanker टकरा ran टकरा on the तलहटी Island ( Lakshadweep ) and spilled over 5 000 tonnes of special navy fuel .
In 1976 a Greek tanker disappeared off वेरावल without any तैरती but all the तैरती of the oil.
Sometimes oil is spread to the sea by the intentional discharge of oil ( as during the Gulf War of 1991 ) .
The तेल stretched over a wide area of 100 km and 15 km and were sometimes half - metre thick .
Such ' Terrorism ' can alter the ecology of the region in the future .
It was practised even in ancient times .
All this was done to minimise damage to the environment and the same strategy was adopted in the Gulf War by तेल oil into the sea .
Millions of sea birds were threatened by this oil sheet .
The deadly oil coating on their body prevented them from diving for fish and they were starved .
It is estimated that at any time the amount of floating tar on the surface of the Arabian Sea can be around 3 700 tonnes and the amount of tar boxes on the southern line in the Bay of Bengal is at least 1100 tonnes .
Due to constant exposure to oil films in the sea most coral reefs in the Indian Ocean लक्षद्वीप at Lakshadweep निकोबार in the Andaman and Nicobar Islands and in the south - west part of the अंडमान have more or less disappeared.
To avoid harm caused by oil परतों some of the following practices are afoot .
The oil slick is set on fire .
Oil is skimmed off from the surface with a suction device .
. the oil into the sea is another method for which the concentrate is produced by the tiny particles of a high - density solid substance or a तेल of its oil on the surface of the oil.
" Did you hear about the man - made ढेर ?
Could it be possible to have a mountain like this ?
It is not surprising that each urban area has a small hill resort .
Table - 3 : The quantity of solid waste generated in India the city solid waste per day the solid waste of new Delhi tonnes per annum ) Mumbai कचरा Bangalore शहर 2000
Such wastes are generated from coal and mineral industries कोयला mining industries , metal industries उद्योगों engineering industries and thermal power plants .
As per one report about 50 per cent of the raw materials finally become trash and about 15 per cent is toxic or harmful .
Millions of tonnes of metals are disposed into by metal extraction industries particularly iron and steel plants and a substantial amount of solid waste is produced from the industrial effluent treatment plants .
Another important solid waste which needs consideration is waste .
This waste includes anatomical organs anti - nutrient - LRB - शारीरिक - RRB - अवशोषक - LRB - शारीरिक - RRB - अवशोषक - LRB - शारीरिक - RRB - अवशोषक - LRB - artificial अवशोषक - RRB - glass .
The huge कचरा of biomedical wastes disposed of by hospitals and clinics cause serious health problems .
Ordinances have been promulgated not to dump the waste and for safe transportation in specially prepared characters in Australia and other countries .
Why should solid wastes cause for such serious concern ?
This manure is useful in low - rainfall.
Experiments are being carried out to obtain glucose and alcohol from the cellulose in the अल्कोहल .
Thermal power plants produce enormous fly ash and its disposal is a global problem .
Fly ash is the finer ash obtained during burning of coal in thermal power plants and constitutes about 80 - 85 per cent of the total ash produced .
There are 66 thermal power stations in India which generate about 3 - 4 million tonnes of fly ash per day .
It is either dumped in dry form in bags or made into slurry ( to stop air pollution ) and to pass on to ash ponds from where it is discharged into a nearby river .
Latest data indicate that if flying ash is discarded for years it would require धरती square kilometres of land up to the end of this century and lead to serious ecological problems .
Research around the world is carried out to discover the beneficial uses of fly ash to overcome the enormous problem of water and land necessary for its disposal .
In all there are बिजलीघर power plants in 26 countries with a capacity of बिजलीघर MW and in addition to nearly 100 units of construction capacity of मेगावाट MW .
There are nuclear power plants in India too but not on a large scale as in the West .
A fire in the plant produces an enormous amount of radiation exposure.
The fallout drifted into Scandinavia and eastern Europe causing enormous damage to crops and livestock.
This however does not reduce the advantages of nuclear power plants in comparison with conventional fuels such as coal and oil .
When compared to other sources of energy the nuclear source is clean compact and concentrated.
Nuclear power stations do not emit sulphur dioxide ( because of acid rain ) कार्बन carbon dioxide ( primarily responsible for the greenhouse effect ) - the oxides of nitrogen or heavy metal pollutants do not produce .
It also costs less because it needs small piece of land to establish them and generates too much electricity ( about 1 kg of uranium ) only one kilogram of electricity is produced .
Apart from the numerous forest officials who are permitted to be cut off by the वन लालची cut off further व्यापारिक for the commercial purposes ( both new and old ) .
Illegal felling of जंगल in order to earn more money within a short span of time has shattered the jungles .
Mining is also a major cause for such denudation of forests .
We need minerals but we have to protect our rich forests .
Unfortunately it took a long time for the government to realise that clearing of forests was संकट our future generations .
For example the foothills of वनों in Madhya Pradesh have been mined for bauxite leading to rapid collapse .
The fourth reason is to convert forest areas to cultivable land .
Apple and tea cultivation are the major agricultural activities in this type of forest .
Large tracts of the Himalayan forests have been destroyed for the cultivation of apples .
To maintain a healthy ecological balance one - third of the country ' s total land area should be under forest cover only 10 per cent of the land ( National Remote Sensing Agency 1982 ) .
If we increase the area of forests in the country our plans to set up forests along with fallow lands and other wastelands have also to be made .
The afforestation scheme will meet the increasing demand for fuel , fodder , etc . as well as protect the environment .
They should plant more trees and protect trees .
We have to think of ourselves not only as beneficiaries but also as trustees of the wealth which comes to us through our forests .
Our slogan hereafter should be " feast today and look after it every day . "
In fact
Man ' s greed has led to the भंडारों of natural reserves and resources .
If action is not taken on a war footing the earth will lose its capacity to feed and deprive us and all other living beings of the means of living .
Above all human attitude towards environmental protection is more important .
If every citizen decides not to waste wastes in the streets and refuse to follow the streets most of the urban and rural health problems will be solved .
It is ironical that we are depleting our forests in the name of progress and बिगाड our ecological balance .
Lack of large - scale long - term plans urbanization has transformed many urban and semi - urban areas into commercial streams .
Urban growth spread of human agriculture the building of dams and loss of forests have destroyed wildlife .
Several species of organisms and जीवों of the species are susceptible to extinction .
Besides destroying wildlife habitats we are poisoning animals and their food with जानवरों जीवों रसायनों and other chemicals .
These chemicals are killing fish birds and beneficial insects .
But the first impressions are always more vivid and lasting and Tagore would henceforth be regarded in the West as primarily a religious and philosophic poet .
His own व्यक्तित्व personality and august mien and his insistent harping on the ideals of ancient forest sages helped to confirm the one - sided impression.
पाउंड Pound who saw him as one poet sees another tried to correct the image but his voice was alone .
, the Free कलाकार ' in his review of The रूई he wrote : ' Why do good men of this island fail to honour an accomplished artist ' than they express their जुलूस in the modified colours ?
While he was privileged his health had improved .
When he announced his Nobel Prize for Literature to be awarded to him on November 13 he was in Santiniketan the news was indeed welcome and the news was celebrated all over the country .
How did the poet feel about him ?
He would not be human if he felt so .
The patriot in him felt happy too that his country ' s name had been put on the world' s literary map and felt proud that he was the reason for him .
But the poet in him was too sensitive not to feel that his days of peace of a quiet and uninterrupted pursuit of his vocation as a poet and as a teacher of little children of intimate service with his God were over.
Five days later he wrote to रोथेन्स्टाइन : " The perfect whirlwind of public excitement it has given rise to is परेशान .
It is almost as if a tin can. at a dog ' s tail making it impossible for him to move without creating noise and collecting crowds .
I am being smothered with telegrams and letters for the last few days and those who never had any friendly feelings towards me - and who ever read a line of my discussions are loudest in their के of joy .
This sad and bitter thought found public expression on 23 November when a good deal of 500 distinguished citizens of Calcutta representing divers professions and interests came by a special train to Santiniketan to offer him the nation ' s fame .
In blunt but poetic words the poet told them that he could not accept a homage that was so unreal.
The audience who had always been his admirers and admirers understood that it was meant to be a श्रोताओं but the people whose zeal had abated Tagore could never forgive him and was genuinely माफ reply to him .
Though the prize was given to him for the benefit of an entirely individual work whose poetic excellence and its ultimate ideal was universal recognition the fact was that the award was not to be awarded to an Asian child like that of an ordinary kind .
The news was received everywhere.
The records of the Selection Committee show that this proposal was a surprise for the Swedish Academy .
The two members whose eloquent and powerful support swayed the decision of the Nobel Committee were - वोन who was awarded the Nobel Prize three years later and Per पेर member - Secretary of the Nobel Committee .
It is against this nature to combine in a manner with a purely religious poem .
It is almost as much as the भजन of David or the songs of St. Francis .
" If such a query is made about modern European poetry any such comparison would be ridiculous even if it had thousands of these qualities and that ' no such idea of poetry ' is there ' .
In its expression it is classical in its simplicity and the image is present naturally in the spontaneous language of thought and it does not need any आकारगत structure as it is only a reference to the words that have become complete .
It is natural that the young maiden in a poem of ब्राह्मण is reminded of the sage of the युवती enrolled in a water - spring and repeatedly shaking it with his hands as it is often expressed by some critics .
This is not only limited to the understanding of Oriental life but also the influence of European art as far as possible . . If one desires he can see what is possible in modern poetry to draw up a new one .
But I do not mean that his coming has brought a new literary age which is the best in the history of his language .
He was now as much a man for the world as for India .
He believed that he became world - famous but because he felt the same about the world .
There are many world - famous men who are world - अनिष्ट and many who have no hope for their nose .
This global consciousness which he roots deeply felt was embedded in his own heart .
As a Christian much better than a Christian he had broken from his own institutions and had become his friends and stood up to the service of the people as he had believed .
Tagore मनीषी who had predicted the emergence of a Mahatma in his plays and poems by a poet of goodwill seemed to have been to him for the first time in November 1913 for which Tagore was to have the आंदोलन - आंदोलन and the आंदोलन - एंड्रयूज .
The love and respect that we had for him and the passionate enthusiasm that arose for the first time in a measure that it coloured all our existence with its own bright colour .
Our great sky became more puzzling when we talked about them or discuss them together .
This was the case when we discovered our new friendship with Mahatma Gandhi at some happy moment .
Both of them were blended in a very intimate manner .
Often under the star - filled sky we would sit in silence and talk to the wonderful evenings we had with our Gurudev on the terrace outside his little room at Santiniketan .
They were golden moments and Mahatma Gandhi fully understood our allegiance to Gurudev .
He often spoke to us of his great desire to meet him .
And so we were all drawn together in a circle of affection .
The end of 1913 was marked by Calcutta University conferring a doctorate on Tagore at a special convocation held on 26 December .
The three pieces of his publications in London were translations : The लंदन The लंदन मून the Moon and Chitra .
Though he wrote many songs during this year some during his stay abroad and some in India .
A poem by him written in the United States began this year was remarkable in the sense that the metaphor of buying and selling.
A rich man says he will be able to buy them for gold but a beautiful girl रिझाना to her smile as she says .
He continued to sing a few more songs which he continued and which were not merely छंदोबद्ध and which were published in 1914 in two volumes 1914 - 1914 and 1914 are some of the finest he ever wrote and continued the religious strain of Gitanjali .
His faith in man ' s destiny was now more robust and his acceptance of life and its responsibilities more उत्साह .
Their joy is equally enjoyed by the study of them and the young and the old and the जवान and through their sweet and सूक्ष्मता is expressing their varied moods and countless feelings .
The words rhythms and symbols used are so simple as to them spontaneous as if they were not to come out but to be present here .
The poet is calm modest and संघर्ष the whole struggle and hardly scared of pain .
" How will you conquer sorrow if you flee from sorrow ?
The poison must burn itself in its own fire. '
I think it has good luck for the west to have a better chance of absorbing the spirit of the east through the medium of Bible.
It has added to your life because it was alien to your mood .
You may discard some of its doctrines and teachings but it has done its work .
Western literature is also the same for us ; it is also doing something in the elements of our life which supplement some of its concepts and some contradict our activities .
These stories may have lacked the sweet aroma of fresh fruit but they had a sweet scent of well - prepared cheese .
The author 's irony in exposing the cowardice and selfishness of the हिंदू Hindu husband is as subtle and sharp as his courage is admirable in denouncing injustice perpetrated in the name of holy scriptures and traditions .
This is the story of the brave girl साहसी the daughter of a helpless father who is relieved of death ; beautiful मृत्यु a परिवार and मृत्यु मृणाल who can without any apparent self - fulfilment of her own existence and exert courage .
It is Tagore ' s " मारती " who " declares her freedom on her husband' s face .
Needless to say the author was भर्त्सना by the Bengali press for his indictment of social न्याय by the very leaders who were अपमानित against political injustice .
In the third story लडकी बंगाली ( an unknown girl ) he shows that a well - educated and talented Bengali girl is far more प्राण than an die प्राण or भावुक youth who has made a mistake to follow that wife .
All these stories are in the first person singular and the central character is made to reveal his or her own inmost feeling .
There is one story called वैष्णवी . . . . .
Tagore was in fact aware of a woman who lived in a village in Bengal according to him had described her as ' महिला ' .
He took no side to it .
To him the war was like a wound in the breast of humanity its pain and horror to be shared by all its limbs however seemingly far removed .
In his address to his students at Santiniketan he stressed that the shadow of the sin committed by his father lay on his children ; so all the मानवतावादियों must share their evil in these crimes and crimes .
In one of his poems he said: " All the sorrows of the earth its sins and crimes its heart - breaks and its lust for violence have swelled like a tidal wave पर the banks .
He wrote on the above - mentioned and many poems ( at the same time in the months of महीनों ) : in these months when he moved from place to place in one place and in the fullness of his past आक्रोश and never .
What in him will recede or die and what will emerge .
All he knew was that he must move on renew and if need be मुडे himself.
All these poems were published in 1916 in a slender volume called उडान - उडान .
This volume dedicated to his young English friend अंग्रेज marks one of the great peaks which Tagore periodically scaled in his Himalayan pilgrimage.
The title of the book was recorded on a poem he wrote in Kashmir where the poet in the evening rose like a हंसों ( a हंसों ) to look at the vast sheets of झुंड and abruptly dropped away from his wings.
This migratory flight of birds symbolises for him the perennial motion in all things moving or seemingly motionless the passage of the time spirit the unending quest of life and of the soul the eternal cry in the heart of the universe .
He must have chanced upon a photograph of hers for the poem is addressed to him .
The same idea of life perpetually renewing itself of Winter throwing off its mask to reveal itself as Spring is embodied in a delightful जीवन which he wrote for his children at Santiniketan .
The play was staged both in Santiniketan and in Calcutta Tagore played the dual role of the poet and the blind Baul or wandering singers .
A group of young नटखट pursue the old man Winter and परिधान him only to discover that he is none other than Spring.
Edward नाटक who was present in the first presentation of the play . He realised that it contained a अरण्य of the jungle : music full of bamboo the soul of the southern breeze could sing the voice of the soul .
For his character रवीन्द्रनाथ is as great and as creative as Tagore himself .
But in one sense it is far more painful .
At the same time धार्मिक it more powerful than the modern age ' s religious beliefs .
Tagore is essentially modern while Mahatma Gandhi is the St. Francis of आव of our times . "
Having won recognition abroad Tagore had become respectable in the eyes of the British Government in India .
Gone were the days when the Government servants were warned not to send their children to his school .
Now the highest British dignitary in Bengal came to pay his respects.
Tagore gave the honoured guest a cordial reception and elaborate arrangements were made in the asrama to welcome him .
The following were the patriots who criticised Tagore for honouring the representative of a foreign ruler .
