The appointed day or the final day of the appointed hour as the case may be the case may be the सदन ; the Chairman forthwith puts every question necessary to determine the decision of the House on the original question .
24 Resolutions A resolution is also a binding measure available to members and Ministers to raise a discussion in the House on a matter of general public interest .
Unlike motions in general the resolutions have been provided in the Rules of Procedure of both the Houses.
Effect of Motions or Resolutions accepted by the House by voting on a motion or a resolution the House declares its opinion about the subject matter and becomes an order of the House .
As far as their effect is concerned resolutions passed by the Parliament fall in the following categories :
Resolutions expressing merely an opinion of the House are not binding on the government .
The practice is that the decisions expressed in these resolutions are entirely dependent on the discretion of the government .
Resolutions adopted by the House in matters concerning its own proceedings are binding and have the force of law .
Their validity cannot be challenged in courts .
Resolutions having a statutory effect - if adopted are binding on the government and have the power of law .
In such a situation should the resolution be treated as a censure against the Government ?
However after the leave of the House has been granted the member may withdraw his motion with the permission of the House .
Notice of no - confidence motion can also be withdrawn by the members concerned by sending letters of withdrawal signed by all the signatories to the notice before the item is taken up in the House .
In that case the tern is not mentioned in or brought before the House .
The Rajya Sabha has no power to consider a motion of no - confidence because the government under the Constitution is collectively responsible to the directly elected Lok Sabha .
A censure motion is distinct from a no - confidence motion.
The motion of no - confidence does not specify the reasons on which it is based but a censure motion must specify the reasons or allegations and it is moved for the specific purpose of सरकार the government for certain policies and actions .
A motion is moved against the Council of Ministers or against any one minister or against some ministers or in protest against any of their policy and the failure of any minister or ministers is खेद by the House .
The motion must be specific and self - explanatory so as to record the reasons for the censure precisely and briefly .
The Speaker ' s decision whether the motion is in order or not for any reason is final .
No leave of the House is required to move a censure motion .
It is not as if the government can tax borrow and spend money the way it likes.
Since the resources of the State are limited proper budget provision is necessary to allocate scarce resources to various government functions .
Every item of expenditure has to be well - thought out and the total outlay worked out for a specific period .
Plus nine
It is for this purpose that the Budget of the Government of India is presented before both the Houses of Parliament every year .
In other words there is a proposal in the Budget that how much money is to be spent on what and how much of it will be contributed by or raised from where during the coming year .
The important elements of the financial procedures followed in India are laid down in the Constitution which ensures the supremacy of the Lok Sabha in financial matters .
The Constitution provides that no tax shall be levied or collected except by the authority of Parliament and that the President shall in respect of each financial year cause to be laid before both Houses the Annual Financial statement .
The draft Bill was presented in a slightly revised form before the All Parties Conference at Delhi in January 1925 .
The committee published the bill .
Thereafter the Rowlatt Bill was sent to an influential member of the Labour Party in Britain .
It was the first time since the Bill was introduced in the House of Commons .
Though with the defeat of the Labour Government the fate of the Bill was sealed it was a major effort by Indians to outline a constitutional system for India with the help of peaceful and constitutional means .
The acceptance of the famous proposal of Motilal Nehru in terms of national demand in 1924 and 1925 was a historical event as the Central Legislature for the first time supported the growing demand that India should be made by Indians themselves .
It called upon the Congress Working Committee to frame a constitution for India in consultation with the elected members of the Central and Provincial Legislatures and leaders of political parties .
At this stage only हैं , formal and incidental modifications can be introduced .
Since the general principles of the Bill have already been discussed and its details have been examined the third reading is seldom the occasion for a lengthy debate .
In passing an ordinary Bill a simple majority of members present and voting is required .
So in a parliamentary system of government - LRB - where with the help of a majority - RRB - the government bill is generally passed .
Besides providing for any of the matters specified in the Constitution for a Money Bill a Bill is also provided for other matters .
For the sake of convenience , Financial Bills may be placed in the following two categories:
- LRB - i - RRB - Bills which were initiated for any matter referred to in paragraph 110 for the Money Bill but not only to those matters - LRB - for example a - RRB - which does not have the effect of taxation .
Category b : Bills containing provisions involving expenditure from the Consolidated Fund .
Accordingly all the Finance Bills are not Money Bills .
Only those Financial Bills may be Money Bills which contain solely the matters specified in Art. 110 and which are above all certified by the Speaker to be Money Bills .
Besides the procedure for passing Money Bills and Financial Bills through both the Houses is slightly different .
Money Bills ( Money Bill ) can be introduced only in the Lok Sabha on the recommendation of the President and the Rajya Sabha has no power to withhold its opinion .
The Bills of this category contain two elements which are also found in a Money Bill ( i ) which cannot be introduced in the Rajya Sabha and ( b ) on the recommendation of the President .
The discussion helps the Government to consider the matter if necessary introduce a comprehensive Bill on its own .
Two - and - a - half hours are allotted on every alternate Friday during a session to clear the work relating to Private Members' Bills the other two months on which the resolutions of the non - government members are made .
As far as the stages of the Bills of सरकारी and other general procedures in the House are concerned there is no difference between the Government Bills and the Private Members' Bills the same tendency to take on the Bill of an Private member .
If a member wants to introduce a Bill he / she has to give one month ' s notice unless the Speaker or the Chairman as the case may be .
Along with the notice of the Bill a copy of the Bill and an explanatory Statement of Objects and Reasons has to be made .
Where a Bill if enacted is likely to involve expenditure from public funds a financial memorandum giving an estimate of the - expenditure involved is appended to the Bill by the member .
If the Bill contains proposals for delegated legislation a memorandum regarding delegated legislation is also appended to the Bill .
Moreover in the विपक्ष Committees the government is easily persuaded to consider some points of the opposition members and constructive suggestions .
Last Committees provide useful forums for the utilisation of experience and ability that may otherwise remain unused .
They also constitute a valuable training ground for future ministers and presiding officers .
They train a large number of members not only in the manner in which the administration is carried out but also make them aware of the problems that the administrators have faced in their day - to - day functioning .
An important aspect of our committee system is that the Committees on the one hand act as a barrier between the Parliament and the people on the other hand between the government and the people .
They enable the general public institutions and in fact even individual citizens to participate more directly and effectively in the consideration by Parliament of matters directly affecting the people .
The Committees can take part in oral examination of representatives of the respective parties involved in the interview and representation by the Parliament from the expert bodies and organisations responsible for matters arising out of the decisions taken by them or by the Committees .
This procedure helps in educating the public in the functioning of the parliamentary system and focusing their attention on important public matters .
The purpose of the policy could be defeated if not the proper functioning of the policy .
The policy may fail to achieve the desired goals either because of inefficiency or due to lack of proper organisation of the machinery available to implement it .
It is always therefore necessary to have a body which should examine the policy in action and bring the governmental organisation their procedures and practices under implementation .
Their very performance has to be assessed with reference to their efficiency and economy for both are interdependent .
Moreover there is no administrative system which is 100 per cent free from problems like misuse of power negligence nepotism indifference nepotism indifference and so on .
It is not possible to arrive at facts in regard to these aspects of administration without research - based study methodical enquiry and thorough examination of the officials of the ministry or undertaking concerned.
The Financial Committees of the Parliament play a very important role as the watch dogs of the Parliament .
The responsibility of administration to the Parliament is not direct but it is through the ministers but in the Committees civil servants are faced with Committees .
The control of such Committees is thus eternal gracious complete and direct in which all means of investigation are to be used ; issuance of समितियों like प्रतिनिधि issuing व्यक्तियों representations and persons having knowledge seeking Memorandum and Articles of Association .
The three Financial Committees bring to light , waste and असावधानी in implementing policies and programmes approved by the Parliament .
The number of Members allotted to the Indian States was also to be determined on the same basis of population as adopted in British India but the method of their selection was to be settled later by consultation .
The Constitution - LRB - 1977 - RRB - was fixed 385 of which 292 were delegates from eleven provinces under the British Governors of India and 93 representatives from the Indian states .
The Cabinet Mission recommended a basic structure for the Constitution and laid down in some detail the procedure to be followed by the Constitution - making body .
Elections for the seats allotted to the Provinces of British India were completed by July - August 1946 .
The Congress won 208 seats including all the General seats except nine and the Muslim League 73 seats that is all but five of the seats allotted to Muslims .
The details of the members chosen from the Legislative Assemblies of British India were as given in the following manner: i . e . the Scheduled Caste Federation 1 : the Scheduled Castes the Scheduled Tribes 1 the Scheduled Tribes 1 ' the People ' s Executive ' s संसद - LRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - LRB - LRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - and the scheduled to the People ' s People ' s People ' s Civil Service of India ' s -
Moreover following the acceptance of the scheme of June ने the members of the Muslim League Party of the Dominion of India also took their seats in the Legislative Assembly .
The representatives of some of the Indian States had already come to the assembly on 28 April 1947 .
By 15 August 1947 most of the representatives of the States went to the legislative assembly and the rest of the States also sent their representatives in due course .
The Chairman is the ex - officio Chairman of the Committee with the Deputy Chairman in the Rajya Sabha .
The Chairman of the Rajya Sabha is the ex - officio Chairman of the Committee .
The function of the Committee is to recommend how much time should be allocated for the disposal of the legislative and other functions performed by the government .
In the Rajya Sabha however the Committee also recommends the time that should be allocated for the discussion of Private Members' Bills and Resolutions.
The Committee discharges such other functions as may be assigned to it by the Speaker / Chairman Rajya Sabha as the case may be from time to time .
The Committee on its own initiative may recommend to the Government to consider a particular subject for discussion in the House and recommend allocation of time for such discussion .
The role of the Committee to assist the House in allocating time for various business has always been of considerable significance .
At the sittings of the Committee the atmosphere is cordial and the spirit of reception between the government and the Opposition has been very pronounced .
Committee on Private Members' Bills and Resolutions : This Committee of the Lok Sabha consists of 15 members with the Deputy Speaker as its Chairman .
The Committee thus performs the same function in relation to Private Members' Bills and Resolutions as the Business Advisory Committee does in regard to government business .
There is no such Committee in the Rajya Sabha .
The सदस्यो Committee of the members from the sittings of the House has been provided in the Constitution that if any of the two Houses are absent from all the sittings of the House for a period of 60 days without permission from the House .
To facilitate matters the Lok Sabha constituted a Committee of 15 members to consider requests from members to leave absence from the House .
In the Rajya Sabha such matters are considered by the House itself .
The functions of the Committee are to consider all cases received from the members for leave of the sittings of the House ( and ( 2 ) not to consider every case in which the member has been disqualified from sittings of the House .
The Committee also performs such other functions in respect of attendance of members of the House as may be assigned to it by the Speaker from time to time .
A Rules Committee : Each House has a Rules Committee .
In Lok Sabha the Rules Committee consists of 15 members including the Speaker who is the ex - officio Chairman of the Committee .
In the Rajya Sabha the Chairman and the Deputy Chairman are 16 members of the Committee .
Suggestions for amendments or additions to the Rules can be made by any member of the House minister or the Committee itself .
The Committee thus acts as an Ombudsman or Public Grievances Committee .
संसद Committee : Each House of Parliament has individually and collectively some privileges to them concerning certain rights and privileges without which the House and its members cannot discharge their functions effectively and efficiently .
When a question of breach of privilege arises even though the House is competent to deal with it it is generally referred to the Committee of Privileges existing in either House for examination investigation and report.
A Committee of Privileges is constituted usually every year by the Presiding Officers of the respective Houses .
In the Lok Sabha it consists of 15 members while in the Rajya Sabha it has 10 members .
The functions of the Committee are of a semi - judicial nature and it is vested with wide powers .
Although its findings are subject to the ultimate decision of the House it enjoys the latter ' s confidence and its recommendations are seldom rejected.
The Committee plays a vital role in safeguarding the powers and prestige of the Parliament and the members of Parliament .
The Committee on Information Technology and Public Grievances is the Council of Ministers in the House .
To monitor the implementation of such assurances each of the Houses of Parliament has constituted a Committee on Government assurances .
The Committee keeps a regular watch to ensure that the Government implements its recommendations .
Through its reports the Committee has tried to control and regulate the vast discretionary powers enjoyed by the administration with the main objective of protecting the citizens against any excess or abuse of authority .
Late Shri G. V. Mavalankar the First Speaker of Indian Parliament held that the Committee on Subordinate Legislation is the सदन of the duties of the House and keeps the administration within bounds intended by Parliament .
The Committee on Papers Laid on the Table : in every session the government lays before the Parliament a statement संसद reports and papers either in pursuance of constitutional provisions or in reply to questions or to inform the members of Parliament on various matters .
While some of these reports / papers stand referred to various parliamentary committees including the Committee on Subordinate Legislation a bulk of them remain to be examined in detail by the Committee on Papers Laid on the Table which is constituted by either House of Parliament .
In the Lok Sabha the Committee consists of 15 members while in the Rajya Sabha it has 10 members .
The Committee examines all the papers laid on the Table of the House and reports to the Parliament stating delay if any found in its compliance with the provisions of the Constitution under which it is placed on the Table of the House .
Thus the aim of the Committee in general is to enforce parliamentary control in those areas of administration in which it was not until it was formed in 1975 .
The Committee on Welfare of Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes has provided in the Constitution of India for various safeguards for the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes and the machinery to monitor their implementation .
The Commissioner of Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes कार्यरूप makes regular reports to the President which has been brought into force in order to discuss in Parliament and to ensure implementation of the recommendations made by the Commissioner of Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes in effect .
The possibility of a close scrutiny by a Parliamentary Committee in itself exercise a salutary effect on the administration .
Many an act of negligence nepotism and waste are not committed for the simple fear that they may be looked into and exposed to public .
There is no doubt that the Committees of the Lok Sabha have proved a helpful adjunct to the Indian political system .
By their constant vigilance and fair and constructive कार्यकरण of the functioning of the government departments the Committees have made a distinct contribution to the effective working of the Parliament and have played a significant role in generally strengthening parliamentary institutions in the country .
It was being considered for a long time in various fields that the Committee of the Indian Parliament needed to improve and strengthen the system and also because of the expanding complexity and complexity of the functioning area of the modern state .
It is through a similar set of Committees that the Parliament can keeping governmental activities under constant and continuous scrutiny besides examining all the proposals emanating from the executive within its sphere .
The 17 Departmental Committees which are functioning and are functioning : their first विभागीय and their creation can be considered as one of the leading events in the history of Parliament and hope that these committees will result in the accountability of administration and the monitoring and functioning of the Parliament .
The compact and secure parliamentary devices for all subjects and departments can play a more effective part with a shot - out in - the - spot scrutiny of parliamentary equipment by the government and a monitoring of genuine difficulties in the functioning of the policies .
The members of the Committees can understand each other ' s views more well and can elicit effective decisions based on ensuring a fair understanding and compromise between the interests of the employees and the executive depending on the decisions and principles of the Committee depending on their actions .
If the Legislature and the members of the country have to exercise their rights without fear or favour and discharge their responsibilities then they must be free to bring the government ' s errors to light the functioning of the Legislature and of this legislator .
If the decisions of the Presiding Officer were to be influenced by the Executive then the very basis of parliamentary democracy would be in danger .
For the Indian Legislature the idea of a separate and independent " separate Secretariat was effective in January 1926 1926 when the Presiding Officers of Legislative Bodies . by भाई was set up at the conference of the Central Legislative Body in India organised by भाई .
This was followed by a resolution moved in the then Central Legislative Assembly by no less a person than Motilal Nehru and seconded by another illustrious leader Lala Lajpat Rai on 22 September 1928 seeking the constitution of a separate Assembly Department .
In fact the same resolution became the source of the creation and authority of the Assembly Department .
As a result a separate Department known as the Legislative Assembly Department was set up on January 10 1929 in the portfolio of the गवर्नर गवर्नर and the विधान सभा of the Legislative Assembly became its de facto chief .
The name of the department continued to remain the same till 26 January 1950 when with the coming into force of the Constitution of India and the creation of the Provisional Parliament it was changed to the Parliament Secretariat .
Their names were changed to 1954 Sabha . and राज्य Sabha . respectively in 1954 .
( 3 ) dedication in dealing with members and others through common courtesy self - control patient patience
( 4 ) सुस्पष्टता and accuracy and so as to keep the facts before the Speaker and impartial consultation .
( 6 ) There is a alertness of fear a smile on the face and one ' s thing .
A parliamentary official should still participate in all the tasks ahead of him and the ability to provide a solution which is not only सैद्धांतिक सैद्धांतिक but also practical and full of the wants of the Parliament ' s secretariat dynamic and developing organisations .
The officers and staff of the Secretariats have to be on their toes all the time constantly thinking of improvements in the ways of serving the members and parliamentary institutions .
There is always scope for improving the service of parliamentary institutions .
Thanks to the training procedures and facilities the Parliament in India can take legitimate pride in having done well .
It has been ruled that members should address each other in third person as they are talking about .
Members should not repeat their arguments except when it is absolutely necessary to emphasize a point .
It however does not apply to matters of privilege or where disciplinary jurisdiction of the House with respect to its own members is concerned.
If we want the debates to be lively which cannot be repeated and the arguments are confined to the points under consideration it becomes necessary that the written speeches are stopped .
This however does not apply to ministers who can read policy statements from written texts and also read prepared speeches as they feel necessary .
When a member is speaking a controversy is effective the behaviour of those who listen to the speeches is as important as the conduct of those speaking and therefore there are rules in this regard .
Tolerance of the opposite viewpoint is the spirit of parliamentary etiquette .
The House discusses subjects that are generally complex and sometimes controversial .
Members are not to go to the Chairman themselves but to send चिट to the panel authorities if necessary .
Also members of the delegation should not leave the Chambers immediately after delivering their speeches .
Every member should also listen to the remarks made by other members on his speech particularly when a member criticised any other member or a minister he or she has the right to expect the House to receive the answer .
When he is replying to what the member or the minister is a breach of parliamentary decorum .
In order to maintain the dignity and prestige of the House members are required not to speak of any obstruction .
Lady members are expected to desist from knitting in the House .
It is a general parliamentary practice that as soon as the Speaker rises to speak he is addressing the House by calling out " सदन सदन " The members should not stand up to the question of order .
When the Speaker is standing and is addressing the House no member should move from one side to the other ; he should not enter the Chamber or leave the Chamber .
A member who is willing to do a particular job on behalf of the person or organisation enjoys any kind of hospitality in return for that job .
None of the members has to seek official information from the commission as an inducement to which otherwise the employee should not follow his ordinary course nor do they have any high policy on matters of public importance .
( 10 ) Members in a case in which they have direct or indirect financial interest - are having an undesirable effect on the public authorities or the Ministers .
( 13 ) His conduct of being involved in corruption as a member is a breach of privilege by the House .
Thus any fee payable compensation or reward for speaking or opposition to any Bill submitted or proposed in the House or to a Committee is a breach of privilege .
It is also believed to be a breach of privilege or misconduct on the part of a member to enter into an agreement with any person for any reward to advocate and prosecute in the House .
Unfortunately for the last time the feeling of deterioration both within and outside of the House is being stressed upon at the level of the practice and etiquette of the members .
भीतरी the Chamber and co - चैंबर with it are two covered corridors called the Inner and Outer चैंबर .
These फर्नीचर are well furnished to make them a comfortable place for members to sit and hold informal discussions among themselves .
On the first floor of the Lok Sabha Chamber are located the various public galleries and the Press Gallery .
The Press Gallery is just above the Chair and the Speaker ' s Gallery ( which is meant for the guests of the Speaker ) and the Rajya Sabha Gallery ( which is meant for the members of the Rajya Sabha ) .
To the right of the Press Gallery are situated Diplomatic and Distinguished हैं .
The चैंबर in the Lok Sabha Chamber with a floor area of about क्षेत्रफल sq. metres and seating capacity for 550 members is provided with a modern sound प्रवर्धन system .
In selected places on the सीट with each seat in the सीटों - box the सीटों - with which lie hidden within the bench voices have small लाउडस्पीकर arranged in the Galleries which can only come without a microphone .
The Automatic Vote Recording Equipment installed in the Lok Sabha Chamber enables the members to record their votes quickly in cases of division .
It has a seating capacity of 250.
At the time of his birth in 1823 in the village of गांव in South India Ram Mohun Roy at forty - nine was active in Bengal and was to found the Brahmo Samaj five years later .
देवेन्द्रनाथ Tagore . Roy ' s second successor was only six years old .
दयानंद Saraswati . who founded the Arya Samaj in Bombay in 1875 ( a year after Ramalinga ' s death ) was born in the year following the birth of Ramalinga .
Ramakrishna परमहंस was born in बंगाल village in Bengal when Ramalinga was thirteen.
Madame Blavatsky and Colonel सोसाइटी in New York in 1875 ( the year after Ramalinga ' s passing ) founded the Theosophical Society .
They moved to Bombay in 1879 and thence to Madras in 1882 .
It was appropriate that the Theosophical Society ( founded in January 1874 ) which had been मृत्यु by Ramalinga on one day of his death ) shifted to Madras where the headquarters of Ramalinga ' s मद्रास years passed .
Its principles were the same as those of the Theosophical Society in New York ten years later .
In presenting Ramalinga poet and prophet I shall discuss not only his life but while not तार्किकता my rationality also the legend in which it has been arrested .
His father पिता Pillai of Saiva faith and belonging to the शैव community was गांव village accountant and teacher .
His mother . belonged to . in the vicinity of मद्रास a village in मद्रास District near Madras .
पत्नी was his sixth wife and she had two sons : Chairman and two daughters परशुरामन and पुत्रियां .
It is also said that Siva Himself came in the garb of the ascetic disappearing after walking a few steps from the house .
It is said that when he was five or six months old his father took him to Chidambaram where he saw Ramalinga the full - fledged mystery behind the screen the vacant space behind the screen being considered the symbol of the formless Brahma .
They lived at 39 स्ट्रीट Pillai Street near Seven Wells in the present postal zone 1 of Madras .
The poet says of his early boyhood experiences :
When Ramalinga was five years old his brother Sabapathy started teaching him .
But Ramalinga was indifferent and spent his time day - dreams .
He used to play truant wandering in the streets and प्रांगण in the corridors of the कंदस्वामी Temple .
He administered the teaching of Ramalinga to the Tamil savant Sabapathy Mudaliar of Kanchipuram .
But the savant proved equally important .
Seeing that the boy was attracting the audience by her words and songs he gave up his efforts .
रामलिंग patience Sabapathy Pillai forbade his wife Parvati to feed or clothe Ramalinga .
Counselling him graciously she prevailed upon him at last to please his brother and to take to his studies seriously .
He promised requesting however that he might be provided with a room on the second floor where he could pursue his studies himself .
Their request was accepted .
The truant returned home and much to the satisfaction of his brother never left the house .
It was probably during these days that dispossessed he turned a juvenile ascetic .
In a poem he says to God :
But you गरिमा your dignity
It may be noted that he addressed God as his mother in this poem .
Maybe he was thinking of his sister - in - law Parvati . who had given him the affection of his mother because he wanted to eat and return .
In later years his concern for the problem of hunger lay in this experience .
It was enough for him that Ramalinga remained at home .
Ramalinga set a mirror against the wall and set it in front of him a lamp burning.
The flame of the Universal Soul symbolically and the mirror so that in which the flame is twisted out of the flame itself became the symbol of man himself trying to keep his mind clean like a mirror .
At this age he had already begun composing songs perhaps a few earlier as he himself says to God .
It is said that at the age of nine he saw the vision of Lord Muruga of दर्पण in the mirror .
It is a series of devotional songs sung as the following lines are sung today in Tamil में
One day he had to take charge of the daughter ' s भोज reading the manuscripts written by रामलिंग ' s वक्तव्यों and Ramalinga read them with great devotion to the audience that he insisted on reading the manuscripts in the future .
One day the Sabapathy who had a discourse in the house of a patron named चेट्टियार Chettiar was ill with fever .
रामलिंग : जीवनी the biography of the poet - saint तिरू who is known as the जीवनी जीवनी of तिरू तिरू whom Ramalinga described as his ideal .
Ramalinga spoke.
This was his first statement which he made when he left the closed room .
Chief among these was a ripe orthodox Saivite called नावलर Navalar .
Navalar felt that रामलिंग ' s new religion of Sanmarga gave elbow room to other religions particularly Christianity.
नाक ( Sri का ) was called the book of नाक ( the book of नाक ) and published a Book of False नाक ' .
He instituted a suit against Ramalinga for alleged defamation in a discourse that Ramalinga had delivered in Chidambaram .
As soon as the court met Ramalinga the entire crowd rose in honour of him and made way for him all by conventional means .
Reference to this may be found in some of his verses quoted earlier .
People from distant places left their homes to live near them .
People invited him to their houses functions and music.
People considered it a blessing to be of service to him .
He became a cult and a legend.
'Some learned brahmins in the crowd ब्रह्मणों So " cannot Brahman be conceived by the mind?
" Since Brahman is beyond the phenomenal world of intelligence and the mind is of this Maya world . "
Brahma - knowledge is possible only through self - knowledge or soul - knowledge and it is with self - आत्मा " Ramalinga said .
As a matter of fact this way of child - worship is represented by those who have attained the highest degree of worship and who have attained the status of those who have attained the knowledge of it including the dead .
Ramalinga says that such logic is right in theory but is not practical .
( The Union of India v. Union of India AIR 1977 SC 1977 ) ( see under chapter 6 ) the Union and its state area ( see ) .
His President is the President ; he contains all the executive powers and is used in his name .
He is also the Supreme Commander of the armed forces .
But unlike the U. S. President our President is only a nominal or constitutional head of the Executive .
Contrary to this शक्तियों American Presidential system presents a separation of power and the President is the Chief Executive for a fixed term and cannot be dismissed often .
In the U. S. system the President chooses his minister from amongst the common citizens and the ministers are not members of a legislature while in the Parliamentary system the Ministers are from Parliament and remain part of it and responsible to the Lok Sabha .
The Parliamentary system may be said to have given more emphasis to the concept of responsibility for the Executive whereas the Presidential system obviously promotes more the stability of the Executive .
But it would be wrong to say that we have adopted the British parliamentary system in full measure .
For example the Constitution of the Great Britain is a unitary while ours is largely federal .
For this purpose the धर्मशाला Veda Dharma ( धर्मशाला ) is called the धर्मशाला Veda Dharma ( धर्मशाला ) in Tamil .
The same year he founded a school called Sanmarga विद्यालय School .
The school however did not run for long .
During this period Ramalinga planned to publish a magazine called Sanmarga Viveka विवेक .
After the opening of the Eating House for भोजनालय in 1867 Ramalinga shifted from Karunguzhi to Vadalur .
octagonal in shape and gave it to his disciples and ordered them to build a temple .
The construction started in June 1871 .
They did not call it a temple or a temple .
His full name was सन्यमार्ग् Sanmarga Satya सन्यमार्ग् सभा Sabhai or in shortened form Satya थे Sabhai or in shortened form Satya थे Sabhai ( Hall of True Knowledge ) he wanted to eschew anything with a religious meaning .
The whole temple was a magnificent symbolic one .
The Satya Sabha was octagonal and in it was a room with twelve pillars inside which there was a four - pillared hall which embodies the light of the inner world within the knowledge .
A consecrated mirror about four feet in length was placed to reflect the Light of Supreme Grace .
Only for certain functions like sweeping cleaning and धूल lighting the fire ; lighting the lamp में the lamp in the lamp डालनाख् the oil might one allow anybody to enter it .
It was chosen by those who did not eat flesh would not kill . had already won over their इच्छाओं and their caste and creed but were not marks of them .
He says in a little application towards the true ideal of Sanmarga Satya सन्मार्ग ( सन्मार्ग के ) .
हे : , महिमामयी
We 're not impressed by the couple of वर
To be conscious of self - knowledge.
This Sabhai Hall of Knowledge in Truth was renovated and सभा by a re - dedicated people in 24 April 1950 .
During this period Ramalinga wrote also what he calls Petitions to the Supreme Light in prose .
He now issued a circular to the पंथ of पंथ .
The Instructions to the House on 30 March 1871 :
Should one ' s body be burnt.
Be confident that the deceased will certainly rise .
One should not give grief and दुख
Should a man lose his wife let him not think of पुनर्विवाह .
Should one ' s sons die शोक .
Let the people who have suffered the loss gather together on a day and give free gift of goods .
" What was it that - who raised me ?
" It was compassion .
This compassion is easily understandable in a sense of world unity .
For example you will come forward : he will give you more knowledge .
After me you will not have any further advice .
So do n ' t go on the path of apathy .
One should note here that the sole purpose of his life is to say for him in his poetry the पुनरूद्भवन and the जीवन of man.
A little resentment about his followers may also be observed but it is more conspicuous in the circulars addressed to the अनुयायियों because they had a nice but clear and definite opposition .
It is in this context that Ramalinga spoke sometimes to some of his disciples of the coming of people who would care with them the Theosophical Society .
THE निर्वाह OF RAMALINGA 'S निर्वाह WITH THE running of the Sabhai or Temple was reached in his deciding to close it down in 1873 .
Within six months of its opening he had issued on 18 July 1872 written instructions on the manner of running it .
They believe that worshippers should worship only at the entrance but those who enter the Hall for cleaning it and lighting the lamp should be aged under twelve or over seventy - two .
Closing the Sabhai he kept the key with him in Siddhi सभा .
The temple remained closed until four years after his death ; the followers of अनुयायियों re - opened it and resumed their worship in 1878 .
After the closing of the Sabhai came the great sermon at Siddhi 1873 on 22 October 1873 .
This marked the end of his outward activities .
As if in token of this in the next month November 1873 he removed the lighted lamp from his room and placed it outside .
He told his followers अनुयायियों ( as has been recorded ) you can worship here without any hindrance .
I will close the door to my room .
For some time the Lord will shine in this flame.
The room was opened in their presence .
A brief account of Ramalinga ' s life was published in the Madras District डिस्ट्रिक्ट - South Arcot district ( East ) district ( 1906 ) from which the following extracts are reproduced below .
निवासियों : A small village of 1 189 inhabitants lying in the south - west of Vadalur .
The place was connected with one Ramalinga Sanyasi who later became Sadhu and his disciples later on describe him as ' deities .
Ramalinga संन्यासी seems to have मर his disciples that they would rise again from the dead and pressed them repeatedly that burial was preferable to the दफनाना .
It is said that the Hindus were also buried in this belief and those who had died in other villages were buried in Vadalur and दफनाया .
In 1874 he locked himself in a room ( still in Mettukuppam ) which he used to be samadhi in Mettukuppam ) and to persuade his disciples not to open it for some time .
He resumed speech in the last days of January 1874 .
On the 30th of that month at Mettukuppam we saw our master for the last time in the month of गुरू .
He had promised never to return to India but he would never again mention the circumstances and place of the event .
Until then they would continue to work not only in India but also in Europe and America and other countries .
During the last days of his secular career he would frequently be surprised : " The true members of the universal brotherhood live in the north : " not a long time when the people from Russia the U. S. and other countries will come and you this world .
- This is his भविष्यवाणी way of saying : " To my mind now is fulfilled .
It may be added that the veracity of मुदलियार ' s statement has been questioned by some scholars particularly the mention of countries .
When in the opening of an open world the author of the Bombay Gazette ( No. 4 ) wrote in the Bombay Gazette ) his letter was started with the following confidence and when I wrote the सोसाइटी World I knew it well .
In November 1875 the Theosophical Society was founded and it was not until 1878 that the correspondence began with Indian friends which resulted in the transfer of the headquarters of the Society to Bombay in February 1879 .
The headquarters were shifted from Bombay to Madras in 1882 .
The title of the book may be said to be Ramalinga ' s religion but he never condemned the word religion as a वर्षो in the last years and in his teachings he avoided all the religions which were बीज in fact their seeds .
Likewise the Upanishads declare that soul - knowledge is born of knowledge .
Ramalinga ' s conception of the Supreme Light can be traced to the Gayatri of Rig Veda .
In 1867 Ramalinga met Sabapathy रामलिंग a young man of nineteen at Chidambaram .
This mantra from the Rig Veda . called Gayatri or Surya Gayatri has two levels of meaning : the first serving to clarify the second which is the real purport of the mantra .
He who dwells in the intellect ) ( के ) and within the intellect whom the intellect does not know ) whose body the intellect is the intellect the intellect within and who rules the intellect within he is your Self the Ruler within the immortal.
मैक्समूलरहृ मैक्समूलरहृ Those thoughts मैक्समूलरहृ
He who dwells in man and He who dwells in the sun are one.
The Gayatri Mantra has further significance from the following verse from ईशावास्योपनिषद् ( verse 16 ) .
In order to purify and elevate thought it is ordered to meditate on the Gayatri and the Self as the Light within and outside light .
To add to the power of contemplation to God in His passionate effort ; to contain God Ramalinga in his early days used the flame with a mirror reflecting the flame of light in the mirror .
Within my knowledge I do not know of any saint or prophet who is as great a poet as Ramalinga himself .
The beauty of the joy of humanity in their songs and experiences is evident from the fact that people who never listen to the sufferings of saints or saints .
The magic of his word - net is something like this but the joy of his sayings is something like this .
In his poems full of lyrical and idealistic lyrical and full of natural beauty and keen awareness of the spiritual quest of humanity and spirituality exploring the flux of thought and feeling his thoughts and words or lines can also be filled with pure human references .
In the case of Tennyson ' s poetry what रामलिंग says is best of the context of Ramalinga ' s poetry there are a few poets who have a seemingly brilliant contrast to slow and delicate sounds .
Ramalinga कविता : The leading patriot poet Subrahmanya Bharati ( 1882 - 1921 ) was the progenitor of Tamil modern poetry .
The poets of the और are of an entirely different and spacious structure .
R. S. रामलिंग Tamil scholar and critic writes ( जगत in Tamil translated by the present writer ) : The Tamil world cannot forget the great Ramalinga who fashioned new metres and new music in Tamil .
In the American Constitution the fundamental rights were expressed in absolute terms .
But there can be no absolute right to any individual because the rights of each individual are limited at least by similar rights of other individuals .
The American Supreme Court had to discover and identify the legitimate restrictions on fundamental rights .
But our founding fathers decided to incorporate the restrictions within the relevant provisions .
Thus the Constitution on the one hand presents a balance between the rights of the individual and the interests of the society and the needs of the security of the state .
Directive Principles The Directive Principles of State Policy inspired by the Irish precedent are a unique feature of our Constitution .
Most of the socio - economic rights of the people have been included under this head .
However they are said to be not enforceable in courts yet these elements are expected to guide the governance of the country .
They are the ideals set by the founding fathers before the States and all the organs of the State must strive for their realisation .
The voyage across the sea to a Hindu in those days was not merely an adventure .
It was a revolutionary act of defiance against society ; for the sea was not viewed well and severe punishment was prescribed for the accused .
Dwarkanath went to England twice : first in 1842 and second in 1842 .
The well - known विद्यार्थी Friedrich Max पेरिस was then a young student in Paris studying the Rig Veda under Prof. पेरिस .
Max Mueller with his biography said द्वारकानाथ of Dwarkanath ' s lively and colourful figure of persons बीच in the midst of his presented has been described by him as the festival celebrated by द्वारकानाथ among the people of Kashmir .
Dwarkanath did not return home from his second visit to Europe .
Like his friend and senior contemporary Rammohun Roy लंदन who had died in ब्रिस्टल thirteen years earlier Dwarkanath died away in London at the age of fifty - two from his home .
The title 1846 in the issue of The Times August 3 1846 1846 : " Probably he had no difficulty in fighting with the interests of the people and the less faith in life which enabled the growth and generosity of his people to India .
He left behind three sons of whom the eldest was Debendranath Tagore ' s father .
Debendranath . - in a sense was even more remarkable than his fabulous father.
As his father had come to be known popularly as Prince the son of महर्षि was known among the people as the Maharshi for he was both saint and thinker .
Though born of Dwarkanath he was truly the moral heir and spiritual successor to Raja Rammohun Roy whose mission he continued and made fruitful.
His personality was deeply influenced by his intellectual development .
Born in 1817 Debendranath was brought up in circumstances of increasing luxury which reached its peak when he attained his youth .
He grew up during the first few years of his youth with the affection of his rich father and trusted mother not only .
But this trend did not continue for the crisis quite early and suddenly arose when he was only eighteen years old .
His grandmother was on death - bed and had to be removed to a tiled shed on the bank of the Ganges as the pious Hindu wants to leave his last retreat to a holy river .
For three nights the grandmother waited for death and all the time Debendranath was keeping with her lonely weird and mysterious personality of the imminent presence of death .
On the night before his death as he was sitting alone by the river he was suddenly seized by an intense spiritual elation and he lost his normal consciousness .
Out of curiosity I picked it up but found nothing of what was written on it seemed to me .
He sent it to a famous scholar who recognised the first element of the text as the first verse की and explained its meaning " Whatever moves in the world by God " .
Therefore find your enjoyment in आत्मत्याग do n ' t covet what belongs to others. ”
To the young devotee groping in the darkness was a ' उपासक ' .
" My faith in God took deep . in lieu of worldly pleasures I tasted divine bliss .
" When I had thoroughly entered into the Upanishads and when my intellect began to be daily illumined by the gift of truth I felt a strong desire to spread the true religion . "
And thus on the first day of 1839 which the Hindu प्राणियों mother Durga Sita ' s annual festival of Bengal was on the occasion of the founding fathers of her friends and companions a pure प्राणियों Buddha - 1839 Sangha dedicated to the teaching of the universal and abstract gods .
This faith at once new and ancient was in the charge of रूढियों the prevalent dogma and ritual among the Hindus which were held at the centre of the worship of a deity .
It was true that Debendranath was ushering in a new faith but in his own ancestral house where the worship of the goddess Durga was alive and had no force to stop it .
Raja Ram Mohun Roy at 1843 had established a meeting of the ब्रह्म with the help of the Brahmo Samaj and social reformer in which it was a group of men with more or less of the same caste - minded and with the spirit of Varna धर्म .
During the crisis the son showed what metal he was made .
He called all the creditors together and keep all the books accounts before them with the announcement that the creditors should live in trust .
I wanted to renounce the world and the world left me of its own accord .
What a singular coincidence it was!
It took him many years of judicious management and frugal living to pay off all the compounded debts.
He was not only successful in paying off the debts with interest but he could also raise a good deal for the charities and donations which the Prince had hastily and too generously had promised to pay for in the good offices before his London visit .
The Maharshi travelled widely in India in those days when journeying was full of hazards and was a real adventure.
The teacher enjoyed her burden and the pupil was खुशी with so lovely a teacher .
We do not know what he learnt during these two months but there was a tender and innocent intimacy between the teacher and pupil which left a permanent impress on his memory .
There was no store of books near me to offer her and I took the first opportunity to tell her that I could write poetry .
When I told him of my poetical talent there was no doubt or doubt about it and accepted it without questioning .
She asked the poet to give her a special name and I chose one for her which she thought very beautiful .
I wanted that name to be composed with the music of my poems and that I enshrined it in a poem which I made for it .
He listened to my song in the मृत्यु mode of early dawn and said " कवि poet , if he were on his death - bed your songs will bring me new life to me .
There is an example of how the girls know how to show their appreciation by some pleasant exaggeration. '
As the ship moved his heart moved in the memory of Bombay where he had spent happy days with his beautiful and young teacher .
Back at home in Calcutta was his sister - in - law whose thought was as much a stimulus as a nostalgia interwoven with joy and sorrow .
He was leaving behind all that had made his life rich .
Fortunately the letters he wrote home have survived a vivid record of the first impressions of his youthful mind with all the swagger of immature sophistication .
He regretted later that he ever wrote these letters .
But these letters apart from their shrewd observations on English life and manners in the seventies of the last century have considerable literary merit and are historically significant as early specimens of literary prose in spoken language .
If they have an unhappy तेवर as the author himself has experienced in his autobiography it is the light of a young man ' s temperament which makes his बडबोलेपन or या so cynical .
These letters first appeared in Bharati ' s magazine ' and were later published in the ' यूरोप ' Letters of Europe ' which was his first sea journey and he was not a good sailor .
Turkish bath is the same as " हाथ one ' s body with a धोबी .
His brother ' s family was in रवि and there he was happy and felt at home .
The first thing the Headmaster said after scanning my features was: " What a splendid head you possessed . "
During his stay in Europe he found no companions to play at home but his experiences in social life were extremely interesting and this was one of the reasons why his brother and sister - in - law were never on the occasion of the dinner .
The above words of appreciation were expressed freely in his letters home and the elders had a great deal of confusion and were surprised that he would not give up this चंचल boy or his brother from England .
So a अध्ययन order went from India that Rabindra was to cut short his studies and return with his brother .
The light of my country and the sky of my country were calling me खामोशी . "
For from the point of view of his creative expression his stay abroad was comparatively barren and he needed from time to time the urge which empowered and nurtured his energy .
To others it must have been a sudden turn to break those new and sweet products manufactured abroad .
" Mr Scott took my hand into his hands and wept.
" If you were to go so soon why did you come to me with the good ? "
His friend and companion since boyhood is a girl called जी who wants to see him .
I do not want anything but I am wandering for what?
Where did the lesions come from where did n ' t anybody hurt me ? "
He sees a beautiful and wilful girl and thinks he wants me .
The disappointed poet wanders about .
When he returns he finds that his wife is on her death - bed .
He had now discovered his own way and could have written what was written in the past without any hesitation .
" What I ' ve written " is my heart .
He began to pull himself out and not as a pen - language flows directly without fear that it could move easily on any किया so also changed the course of my poetry .
Before I would have held this to be a crime but now I felt no regret .
Freedom is the first to bring the law under true self - discipline .
The public reception was satisfactory .
It was clear that a new star had arisen .
Some of the titles are expressive : " , " A star of suicide " Hope " Hope की of despair " दु " दु of आत्महत्या " Love " .
By the time the ship reached Madras it was decided to go to घर but the Maharshi could not bear the courage to bear the hard core of Devendranath he requested his young son रवीन्द्र to be अवसाद
But there is nothing to show that he had done so only with a altruism that he too had left his heart behind .
I went to them in fear and trembled .
He came back to me as a gift of the Creator .
From Mussoorie he went to where his brother भाभी and his wife were staying in a villa on the Ganges at Mussoorie .
There he spent some very happy days of his life - the ineffable days and nights with , joy and yearning at night . "
It was a big rambling house with terraces and stone steps leading to the bank of the river .
It was here that Rabindranath first came in contact with the river life of Bengal and later found a prominent place in his later years .
Nothing in the outside world seemed trivial .
" The invisible screen of the commonplace was removed from all things and all men and their ultimate significance was intensified in my mind . "
Here he saw it in his eyes alone or not only heard from his ears but came to know it with his entire gift .
On the whole it was such a surprise that there was no end .
This experience lasted four days during which he lived at an advanced stage of spiritual exaltation when everything seemed more vivid more real and more beautiful and more spectacular .
At the end of the fourth day this state of extraordinary elation passed away and with it Rabindra had crossed over what he later called the " सीमांत age " where the direct rays of truth hardly ever penetrate one another .
On the day of this unique experience Rabindranath wrote his famous poem : ' The निर्झरेर ' स्वप्न ' which we may be said to have started his life as an adult poet .
As he said : " It ' s like a faint child a medieval निर्झरिणी a moving poem .
Suddenly the sun ' s rays penetrated the frozen gloom .
So he accompanied his brother and sister - in - law to Darjeeling which commands the view of the magnificent कंचनजंघा peak the next highest to Mount Everest .
" But victory was with her little house in Sudder Street not .
Where then was the beauty that had so recently चुरा his heart ?
What was the secret ?
This poem and a number of such poems as he wrote later are आलोचकों abstruse and critics have not ceased to wrangle over its exact importance .
When it was first published two friends of the poet laid a wager as to its real meaning.
" The only matter of satisfaction for me was that when he came to me for an exact answer I was not able to find a way out for the solution of the problem and nothing of the two would lose money .
Commenting on this academic itch to understand everything दिमागी the author wrote in his जीवन " But does one write poetry to explain any matter?
If anybody सूंघने a flower saying that I ' ve never understood it my answer would be : it ' s just fragrance it ' s so when words are caught .
Siva opens his third dread eye and the सूर्य moon and the stars are shattered into bits and everything is reduced to ब्रह्मांडीय in the cosmic funeral pyre .
Once again the Great ब्रह्मा rolls over and Brahma ' s eyes are closed in meditation.
In the summer of 1883 the two brothers and Kadambari Devi shifted to रहने on the south - western sea - coast of India the fragrant land of cardamom and sandal paste .
The elder brother Satyendranath was there the ऋला Judge and here Rabindranath spent some very happy and clear days with those who really loved him both of his साथी .
One of the संन्यासी has confined himself to a cave ; this play starts with a charter of life on the path of self - perfection and up to beyond the limits of nature where the sages stand in the presence of their cave - keepers .
I have tasted the bliss which is Lord Shiva ' s when he मिटा the unclean stain of creation from the void of eternity and sits में in his own अपराजेयता .
But their fortunes had already laid a snare for them and the days of irresponsible and overflowing happiness were numbered.
His elder brother उनके - कारोबारी was coming away from the दुस्साहसपूर्ण of his adventure business enterprises and he had no time to look after the family estates and property .
The Maharshi aloof and remote but alert and watchful like unseen Providence decided that it was time his youngest son was properly yoked to the family car .
If the Maharshi could himself attend to both God and the world there was no reason why his son should not attend to both poetry and the family property .
But before he could do so the wild horse must be properly broken and चढाई on it .
So a silent edict was issued that the family must look for a suitable bride for the young man .
In accordance with the prevailing custom the ladies of the महिलाओं family took the responsibility of selecting a bride for the youngest son of the family but they were not free from whom they liked.
The Maharshi progressive in religious matters was conservative in the observance of social norms .
The choice fell upon those few families who belonged to the same थे caste in a small town like शहर .
And so लडकी the eleven - year - old daughter of वधू who was chosen as her bride was none other than the daughter of राय Roy Choudhury - who was an employee in the care of the परिवार family .
Before the Forty - second Amendment the only mention of the word 'secular' in the Constitution was in article 25 ( 2 ) where the State had been empowered to regulate or restrict any temporal activity associated with religious conduct .
Obviously here the connotation of 'secular' was' non - लौकिक or pertaining to matters other than purely religious.
The Forty - second Constitution Amendment Act which added the word secular did not attempt to define it .
It was however felt that the addition was only to approve and explain the fact which was believed to have already existed as a basic feature of the Constitution .
The founding fathers tried to provide for the fullest representation by साक्षरता all the vast adult population of the country without any literacy division of income tax or female man .
There is no hereditary ruler and the head of the state is elected by the people for a specified period .
It is usually called the President of the Republic .
Democratic republic therefore broadly means a State with an elected President and a people ' s government .
All citizens are equal in the eyes of law ; there is no privileged class and all public offices are open to every citizen without any distinction based on the caste creed sex youth or community .
Even if India decided to remain a Commonwealth member even after independence it made no sign of or compromise on the situation as a sovereign or as a Republic .
In fact the British Commonwealth was transformed .
In this positive connotation liberty would mean freedom of an individual to act according to his own will .
The freedom of thought creed faith and worship as elaborated in the fundamental rights part of the Constitution must be so regulated as not to endanger the security of the State local interest etc .
The leaders of the French Revolution believed that all men were equal in the eyes of law .
Whether the law protected or punished it must do so without any regard to distinction of birth etc.
Moreover all citizens of the world are equally eligible for achieving all public offices honours and positions strictly according to their capacities virtues talent and ability .
In the context of पुरुष equality does not mean that all men ( and women ) are equal in all circumstances .
There are bound to be physical mental and economic differences .
Finally the reorganization of States under the Constitution ( Seventh Amendment ) Act 1956 abolished the distinction between Part A and Part B .
Subsequently several new States were created namely Haryana हरियाणा Himachal Pradesh . Nagaland . Manipur Mizoram Nagaland गोवा Arunachal Pradesh and Goa .
Union territories ( i ) Andaman and Nicobar Islands Lakshadweep ( 2 ) Chandigarh Dadra and Nagar Haveli ( 4 ) Daman and Diu ( 5 ) Delhi ( 5 ) now known as National Capital Territory ( Lakshadweep ) .
Where India was the old name and it represented the first expression of the consciousness of the unity and integrity of the country India was the modern name by which the country was known all over the world .
As a member of the United Nations also it was called India and all international agreements were entered in that name .
Both the names therefore had strong supporters .
Finally the name 'India that is Bharat " was adopted as a happy compromise .
India is a " Union ; but the purpose of emphasising this fact was to bring into focus the fact that it was not the result of a bargaining or an understanding between the constituent units but a clear declaration of the constituent assembly which possessed its authority and power of India .
No State could therefore secede from the Union nor could it suo संविधान vary its territory as laid down in the First Schedule to the Constitution .
Article 2 provides that Parliament shall by virtue of the statute promote the entry or establishment of new States in the Union of India on terms and conditions which it deems fit .
The latest addition to the Union was through the 35th and 36वें Constitutional Amendments in 1974 and 1975 .
This was done at the request of the Sikkim Assembly and with the approval of the people of Sikkim .
Parliament is empowered under article 3 to form a new State by separating a part of the territory of a State or by uniting two or more States or parts of States or by uniting any territory to a part of any State .
It can increase or decrease the area of any State and can also alter the boundaries or even the name of any State .
There is thus no guarantee of the territorial integrity or continued existence of any State .
But at the same time it has been held that the Parliament ' s power to diminish the area of any State does not include the power of dedicating the Indian territory to any foreign State .
( संघ of trade and commerce AIR 1950 SC का ) ;
It may be said that India is an indestructible Union of राज्यों states .
It represents the individual having full political membership of the State : he is the permanent allegiance to the State and the official recognition by the State of his integration into the political system .
Citizenship provides certain नागरिकता rights . duties and privileges .
All public offices are open to the citizen .
The right to vote and certain fundamental rights are available only to citizens and citizens have obligations like paying taxes defending the nation etc.
Citizenship may also be viewed as the legal relationship between the individual and the state under which the individual pledges his loyalty to the State and the State offers its protection to the individual .
This relationship is regulated by national law and recognized by international law .
On 26 November 1949 the Constituent Assembly adopted the Constitution and at once brought into force articles 5 to 9 relating to Citizenship .
Until then those of us who lived in British India were under the Crown and as such were British subjects .
The partition of India and massive migrations created stupendous problems for citizenship determination .
Citizenship provisions in the Constitution - articles 5 to 11 - gave the Constitution Drafting Committee the maximum headache and took a large number of drafts and more than two years to be finalized.
Still in the Constitution only the law was laid down in regard to who would be citizens of India at the time of the commencement of the Constitution .
It did not provide for the mode of acquisition and termination of citizenship .
Article 11 said that Parliament could regulate the right of citizenship by law .
But under Article 5 - 8 " everyone who had been born in India since the time of the commencement of the Constitution came to be a citizen of India and not more of a citizen was born in 1948 .
Thus Citizenship at the commencement of the Constitution included provisions for Citizenship ( e . ) on the basis of domicile ( पाकिस्तान ) of migrants from Pakistan and ( नागरिकता ) of citizens residing in foreign lands .
Domicile : Domicile is an important criterion for citizenship of a country .
Raza v. State of Bombay . AIR 1966 SC 1966 ) .
Article 5 provides that if any person resident in the territory of India lives at the beginning of the Constitution ( i . e . hell ) on the commencement of the Constitution ( अधिवास ) he or her parents were born in India ordinarily less than five .
Domicile by birth or residence as a person could be changed .
In fact अधिवास citizenship is denoted by domicile and not vice - versa.
The latter is distinguishable from citizenship inasmuch as it is vitally connected with territory and not membership of the community which is at the root of the concept of citizenship ( Abdul Rahman v. State AIR 1964 SC अधिवास ) .
The Constitution avoids dual नागरिकता it is related to the domicile in the territory of the whole of India and not to a part of it .
There is no separate State citizenship of India as in the United States .
The domicile which he has is only one domicile namely domicile in the territory of India .
( Pradeep Jain v. Union of India AIR 1984 SC 654 प्रदीप )
The migrants from Pakistan : Article 6 has been the citizenship rights of migrants from Pakistan before the commencement of the Constitution .
Two types of distinctions have been made among such migrants ( that is July 19 1948 ) when the permit system for migration was introduced in India before the UK and those who came after that date .
The person who had migrated to India from Pakistan before July 19 1948 will be considered as the citizens of India at the beginning of the Constitution provided someone from his parents or as a नागरिक or as a member of the Government of India .
Thus नागरिकता has been considered the future citizenship needs of all Indians residing abroad .
Voluntary acquisition of citizenship of another country Article 9 provides that if a person has voluntarily acquired the citizenship of a foreign State he shall forfeit the right of citizenship of India .
The provisions apply to cases arising before the commencement of the Constitution but in matters arising after the commencement of the Constitution the Citizenship Act . shall be dealt with in accordance with the provisions of the Citizenship Act 1955 .
The Supreme Court has decided that it is the business of the Government of India to determine whether a person has been deprived of the citizenship of India by acquisition of citizenship of another country and after that no State Government is treated as foreigners .
- LRB - राज्य v. State of Kerala AIR 1966 SC 1966 - RRB - ; पीर ( see Ajay Nath v. State of Kerala AIR 1967 SC 1966 ( AIR 1967 SC 1969 ) and पीर मोहम्मद 1969 ( see interview ) .
Article 10 lays down that every person who is a citizen of India under any of the provisions made in Articles 5 to 10 shall be a citizen of India subject to the provisions of such law as Parliament shall be made subject to the provisions of such law .
In other words it means that a citizen ' s right to citizenship cannot be छीना in any other way than parliamentary legislation .
( Ibrahim Wazir v. State of Bombay AIR 1954 SC 229 ) .
The term " used in articles 5 and 10 has been interpreted to cover all persons who may be in jail during the trial or who may be undergoing imprisonment.
- LRB - State of Maharashtra v. Prabhakar AIR 1966 SC 1966 Sunil बत्रा v. Delhi Administration AIR 1978 SC 1978 ) .
For some time there have been considerable differences on whether corporations were also covered by legal persons ?
The Citizenship Act however made it clear that corporations were not citizens .
( Indian Trade Corporation v. Commercial Tax Officer ( 1964 ) 4 SCR 99 ) Tata Engineering and Locomotive Company Ltd .
v. Bihar ( 1964 ) 6 SCR 885 ) .
Parliament ' s power to regulate the right of Citizenship by law and the Citizenship Act 1955 Article 11 endows Parliament with unfettered powers for enacting legislation pertaining to the acquisition and termination of the citizenship of India and all matters connected with it .
Accordingly the Parliament passed the Citizenship Act 1955 1955 providing for the acquisition and termination of citizenship .
Thus all matters relating to the citizenship rights after the commencement of the Constitution are to be dealt with in accordance with its provisions .
The Act was amended in 1986 to tackle the situation created by a large number of people coming into India due to the illegal immigration of people from Bangladesh बांग्लादेश Sri Lanka and some African countries .
The amendment made the acquisition of Indian citizenship more difficult .
The equality of opportunity in public planning shall not be granted by article 16 ' clause ( 1 ) and all citizens of India under the राज्य b ) provided an equality of opportunity in matters relating to employment or appointment to any citizen under the state .
But in the subsequent clause ( 3 ) ) ( 4 ) ) ( 4 ) and ( 5 ) there are four exceptional situations which can be broken by the general rule of equality of opportunity .
By virtue of this right Parliament passed the Public Employment निवास Act 1957 .
The Act however made an exception in the case of Himachal Pradesh . Manipur Tripura and the तेलंगाना Area of Andhra Pradesh where residential qualifications were prescribed for a limited period not exceeding five years depending upon the backwardness of the regions .
In the case of संसद Rao ( Andhra Pradesh ) AIR 1970 SC 422 ) the Supreme Court has made this Act a statement exposing a part of the Act to unconstitutional powers that Parliament charged a whole state and not a part of it .
Clause ( 4 ) as the second exception in article 16 ) would represent the state in favour of some backward class of citizens who in the opinion of the state are not sufficient to make special provisions for reservation of appointments or posts .
And this condition may refer not only to the numerical inadequacy of representation in the services but also the qualitative advantage .
In other words powers can be exercised not only to provide for reservation of appointments but also to provide for representation in selection posts as well as posts filled by promotion .
The people are the first and most basic application of their sovereignty when they give themselves a constitution in which the basic rules are laid down which certain powers are transferred and exercised by the various organs of the state .
In a federal polity constitution inter alia शक्तियों परिसीमन and distributes powers between the organs of the state at federal or Union level on the one hand and at the level of the states or units on the other .
The Constitution of a country may also be described as its foundational law which व्यवस्था the fundamental principle of its polity and on the basis of which all other laws and executive functions of the State were कसौटी for their validity and validity .
The Constitution is a living organism of active institutions .
It keeps constantly growing पल्लवित .
Much depends on the manner in which the courts of the country interpret it and the effects and conventions and practices that grow around it in the actual process of bringing it into effect .
constitutional law
This is particularly concerned with the fundamental features of the framework of the distribution of powers between the different organs of the state and between the Union and the units .
Friendly relations with foreign countries : This ground for imposing restrictions on freedom of speech and expression was brought in by the Constitution ( First Amendment ) Act 1951 with a view to avoiding embarrassment to India through persistent and malicious publicity .
But the ground has been criticized for being susceptible of supporting regulation curbing even criticism of the Government ' s foreign policy .
( Ranjit . v. Maharashtra . AIR 1965 SC महाराष्ट्र ) .
Articles 129 and 215 of the Constitution empower the Supreme Court and the High Courts respectively to punish for their contempt .
393 .
Prohibition against self - विधिशास्त्र : Under the can - ons of common law criminal jurisprudence a person is regarded as innocent ; the prosecution must establish his guilt .
Secondly a person accused of an offence need not make any statement against his will .
Clause 3 of article 20 however only gives a privilege to the accused person which may be waived by him if he so likes.
The mandatory submission or पदार्थों of the immunity granted to the accused is not applicable to either the marks of the शरीर शरीर or the mandatory performance of the body or the nature of blood ( AIR 1960 खून खून )
Besides the compulsion for submission of document is prohibited only when they disclose personal information of the accused in relation to the charge ( Bombay State v. काठी काठी AIR 1961 SC 1961 ) .
Sharma ( Satish 1954 SC 300 306 ) .
S . किशन Pillai v. Ram Kishan किशन AIR 1980 SC 185 ) .
Protection of Life and Personal Liberty Article 21 of the Constitution guarantees that no person shall be deprived of his life or personal liberty except through the process established by law .
The right is also available to citizens and non - citizens .
In the famous Gopalan case शरीर ' personal liberty ' was held to mean only liberty relating to or concerning the person or body of the person .
Besides कार्यपालिका is protected only against the arbitrary executive action ( s ) of the Union ( State of Madras AIR 1950 SC 27 ) .
Freedom of conscience and religion Article 25 lays down that all persons not only the right to freedom of conscience and the right to freely profess practice and propagate religion .
Article 28 forbids totally any religious instruction being imparted in educational institutions wholly maintained by State funds .
But modern constitutional law specially in free representative democracies lays the greatest emphasis on fundamental human rights and the relationship between citizens and the state .
Moreover the sources of constitutional law are not only included in the text of the Constitution but includes in it the legal system the conventions and various laws framed under certain constitutional provisions .
राज्य राज्य is the concept of a polity which is under the Constitution with the authority of the government limited and law .
But the dynamic stage may come when by the process of dynamic movement certain existing relationships are altered varied or affected.
In fact they are meant to affect those settled relationships and yet if you come back to the Fundamental Rights they are meant to preserve not indirectly certain settled relationships .
But it is somewhat difficult and naturally when the courts of the country consider these matters they have to lay stress more on the Fundamental Rights than on the Directive Principles of State Policy .
Then you become static गतिहीन and cannot change and you cannot realise that ideal of an egalitarian society which I hope most of us aim .
It is a fallacy to think that under our Constitution there are only rights and no duties.
The provisions therein are deliberately made elastic because the duties to be imposed on the citizens depend on the extent to which the directive principles are implemented .
Population for this purpose means the population definitely in the 1971 census .
There will be no change in the number of seats in the Lok Sabha ( article 81 ) ) up to 2000 .
Reservation of seats for Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes in the Lok Sabha is done on the basis of population ratio .
Originally the reservation was for ten years but it was being extended every time for the next ten years ( articles 330 and 334 ) .
The raison d 'etre of representative democracy is that the government should obtain the mandate of the people periodically in order to continue in office है .
The term of the Lok Sabha is five years from the date appointed for its first meeting .
The expiration of the period of five years operates as its विघटन .
Under certain circumstances it may be dissolved even before the expiration of the full term of Lok Sabha .
When the Proclamation of Emergency is in force the term of Lok Sabha can be increased which shall not be more than one year at a time and shall not be more than a period of six months after the Proclamation has ceased to operate ( article 83 ) .
The oath / affirmation is a prerequisite for every member taking his seat in either House ( articles 99 and 3rd ) .
The salaries and allowances of the members of the two Houses are entitled to wages and allowances as may be determined by law from time to time ( articles 106 ) .
There is no separate mention of का in this provision .
Parliament has however sanctioned a pension for members under the Members of Parliament ( Salaries Allowances and Pension ) Act .
It inter alia provided that a member should be given a pension after only a year ' s service .
But no permission was given by the President of India .
Officers of Parliament The Constitution provides for the Speaker and the Deputy Speaker for the Lok Sabha and the Chairman and the Deputy Chairman for the Rajya Sabha .
The Vice - President of India is the ex - officio Chairman of the Rajya Sabha .
The Speaker and the Deputy Speaker are chosen by the Lok Sabha from among its members .
Article 90 provides for the Deputy Chairman of the Rajya Sabha .
However in the event of dissolution of the Lok Sabha the Speaker continues to hold office just before the first sitting of the new House ( articles 94 94 2 ) .
Sessions of Parliament
It is for the President to summon each House of Parliament from time to time .
But article 85 ( 1 ) provides that six months will not intervene between two sessions .
However the Budget Session of the Rajya Sabha is split in two sessions with a three to four weeks break in between so that it has four sessions in a year .
He may ask for a Bill if it is not a Money Bill but may send the two Houses for reconsideration .
If the Bill is passed again with or without any amendments and presented to the President for assent he shall not withhold assent ( article 111 ) .
This is presumably what President राष्ट्रपति Singh did in case of the Postal Bill and President Venkataraman did in case of the Bill seeking to give pension to Members of Parliament after just one year ' s service .
Procedure in Financial Matters The budget is required by the President to cause to be laid before both Houses of Parliament in respect of each financial year a statement of the estimated receipts and expenditure of the Government of India for that year .
It is called the annual financial statement or the budget .
Estimates and Demands for निधि Estimates relating to expenditure charged on the Consolidated Fund are not submitted to the vote of Parliament but discussion is not barred.
In its legal sense it means an exemption from some duty burden attendance or liability to which others are subject.
The privileges are granted with a view to maintaining the independence of action and the dignity of the Houses of Parliament their committees and members and to enable them to function without any let or hindrance.
The privileges in practice give rise to certain powers immunities and exemptions .
The most important of parliamentary privileges is that of freedom of speech while performing parliamentary duties .
Article 19 also gives a citizen the right of free speech but articles 105 and 194 lay special emphasis on the right of free speech of members of the legislatures .
Under article 19 the right of free speech is subject to reasonable restrictions for instance the law of contempt .
In doing this members should not suffer any inhibition and they should be able to speak out their mind and express their views freely.
Unless whatever a member says enjoys immunity from legal action he cannot be expected to speak freely and उन्मुक्ति .
The Constitution provides therefore that no action shall be taken by any member of Parliament in Parliament or in any Committee thereof shall be taken by any member of Parliament in any court of law or before any authority other than Parliament .
Likewise it would be a breach of privilege to take legal action against him for anything said by him in Parliament or in a Committee thereof .
In the case of नागरिक the Supreme Court has held that the freedom to speak under article 105 would only be subject to the provisions of the Constitution which are subjected to any rules and regulations imposed by Parliament and any permanent orders .
Any investigation outside Parliament for anything said or done by members in the discharge of their parliamentary duties would amount to a serious interference with the members' rights .
The Chief Justice of a High Court may with the consent of the President appoint a retired judge to sit and act as a judge ( articles 215 217 - न्यायालय )
Every High Court shall consist of the Chief Justice and such other judges as the President may deem necessary to appoint from time to time ( article 216 ) .
Each High Court would have superintendence over all the courts and tribunals - other than those set up under any law relating to armed forces - in the area of its jurisdiction ( Article 227 ) .
If a High Court is satisfied that a substantial question relating to the interpretation of the Constitution in any case pending in a lower court it can call the case itself for the determination or law to be resolved .
Every High Court has full control over its staff .
The salaries and allowances of the judges and of the High Court staff are all charged on the Consolidated Fund of the State .
Appointments of officers and staff of a High Court are made by the Chief Justice of the Court or by such other judge or officer of the Court as he may decide .
The terms of service of the staff and officers of the court should appropriately be settled by rules made by the Chief Justice and approved by the President ( articles 229 ) .
The jurisdiction of a High Court may be extended to or excluded from a Union territory ( article 230 ) .
According to Article 226 every High Court shall retain the fundamental rights in the entire territory of its jurisdiction or issue any direction such to any person or authority for any other purpose such as the कर बंदी Order or the writ बंदी .
1 .
A person can be appointed as Governor only if he is a citizen of India and has completed the age of 35 years ( article 157 ) .
Also the said Governor cannot be a member of Parliament or of any of the State Legislatures .
If any member is appointed as Governor his seat in the legislature shall be deemed to have been vacated on the date of assuming the charge of Governor ' s post .
The Governor cannot hold any other office of profit .
Every Governor shall be entitled to free official accommodation and such other emoluments etc . as may be determined by Parliament by law or under the second schedule of the Constitution .
Under the Act of 1987 the achievements of the Governor have been fixed at Rs 11,000 per month ( article 158 ) .
In न्यायालय ( AIR 1979 SC 1979 ) the Supreme Court held that the office of the Governor was not a profitable office under the government .
Every Governor and every person discharging the functions of the Governor shall take an oath to faithfully execute the office and to preserve protect and defend the Constitution and the law ( article के ) .
Governor ' s Powers and कृत्य : According to the Constitution in certain cases the Governor would discharge all his functions with the help and advice of the Council of Ministers ( article 163 ) .
The term of the Legislative Assembly shall be five years .
This applies inter alia to the privileges and immunities of legislatures disqualification of members relation between the two Houses - the legislative procedure धन the origin of Money Bills etc .
The Legislative Council however has a Chairman and Deputy Chairman elected by the Council ( articles 178 - 187 ) .
The Legislature of a State may make laws for the whole or any part of it .
Laws made by Parliament however cannot be questioned on grounds of प्रवर्तन operation ( article 245 ) .
Article विधानमंडल lays down that the Union shall have exclusive jurisdiction to make laws on the items of the List i . e . the exclusive power to legislate in respect of both the States and the articles contained in the Union List .
If there is an बीच between laws made by Parliament and the State Legislatures in respect of items in the Concurrent List the laws of the Union would have been effective and the State would have been reserved for a matter of articles 245 .
In the threefold distribution of legislative powers residuary powers of legislative legislation have been left with the Union ( article शक्तियों ) .
Also the Parliament has been given power to make any law for the whole or any part of the country to give effect to any international treaty agreement देश convention or decision ( article 253 ) .
Again under article 250 Parliament is empowered to make laws on any item included in the State List for the whole or any part of India while a Proclamation of Emergency is in force .
The maximum duration of validity of such laws will be six months after the expiry of the Emergency .
In the Minerva Mills case it was held that the judiciary could act if it was established that the Union Government acted mala fide or on irrelevant or no evidence .
But for example medical treatment can only be political .
A matter like the satisfaction of the President is beyond the Court.
( Minerva Mills v. Union of India AIR 1980 SC 1980 ) .
It is the constitutional duty of the Union to protect its States against external aggression and internal disturbance and to ensure that the Government of every State is carried on in accordance with the Constitution ( article की ) .
Apart from the Governor - General ' s Council the maximum number of members was raised from 60 ( under the purview of the Act of 1892 ) ( these administrative पार्षद were not प्रशासी members .
It was however decided that in the circumstances of India territorial representation was not suited to the people and that representation by classes and persons would be the only practicable method of embodying the interpretation of the principle in constituting the Indian Legislative Councils .
However in order to supplement the elected members ( a ) the सरकारी and ( b ) provided for the appointment of the official members for the appointment of अनुपूर्ति and ( b ) provided for the appointment of non - official members which seemed impracticable to represent the people by election .
" The elected members were to be elected from such constituencies such as municipalities municipal councils district and local boards व्यापार universities chambers of commerce and trade associations and groups of persons such as land holders or tea planters .
The regulations created a majority of non - official members in all the Provincial Legislative Councils but the Central Legislative Assembly continued to make the Government ' s majority in the Legislative Council .
The regulations also provided for separate electorates and separate representation for the Muslim community .
Thus for the first time the pernicious principle of communal representation was introduced.
Article 311 sought to give no protection if the services are cleared on the terms of contract or on the basis of retirement .
Article कर which sought to provide protection to existing officers of certain services was repealed by the 28th amendment .
The Museum ' s mosquito collections are a reference for राल्फ s work .
When DNA is taken from the mosquitoes only a small part of the insect is used .
DNA collection
The remains of brick are frozen and stored in the DNA specimen bank of the Museum .
This collection will be used as a reference to Ralph ' s current work and as a DNA collection for scientists - work on other projects in the future .
अफ्रीका in the evergreen forests of West Africa have a population of सदाबहार per sq m .
In some parts of the land they may be up to 98 per cent of the total number of individuals .
In the tropical region termites help to retain the shape and firmness of the land as in the case of British earthworms .
But what happens to the termites when सदाबहार are cleared for wood or agriculture ?
The Commission was expected to pay due regard to the industrial climate cultural and scientific advancement of India and the just claims and interests of the people from the non - Hindi speaking areas in regard to public services .
The first Official Language Commission was appointed in 1955 .
The judgement given by the Supreme Court in न्यायमूर्ति vs. Union of India ( 1994 ) in the matter of dismissal of BJP governments in Madhya Pradesh Himachal Pradesh and Rajasthan is संघवाद by Justice Jeevan Reddy and Ramaswamy reiterated the following characteristic belief in the Constitution .
Justice Ramaswamy held that the democratic system of governance was the federal structure . the unity and integrity of the nation secularism . socialism the fundamental features of the Constitution and judicial review .
Democracy and representative institutions are not entirely new to India .
में and serious matters were often sent to the Special Committee selected from the members of the House .
At the grassroots level democracy Regional Councils ( जनपद ) नगर Town Councils ( पौर ) and Village Assemblies were prevalent .
The emergence and development of modern parliamentary institutions in the modern sense that of parliamentary government and legislative institutions was a matter of fact connected with British India for nearly two centuries.
It would however be wrong to presume that exact British institutions were at once transplanted to India .
As in the case of the Parliament and the parliamentary institutions in India today they have grown in India .
They evolved through a series of struggles for freedom from foreign rule and for the establishment of free democratic institutions and the halt of the British rulers - and gradually रुककर by constitutional reforms .
That was the first time when the Governor - General ' s Government came to be known as the Government of India and his Council was in the name of the Indian Council .
Even though some power of nominated members was retained resulting in the majority of the elected members in each House it now became necessary .
Members were to be elected directly by constituencies delimited by the Rules framed under the Act .
The electoral qualifications prescribed varied widely and were based on communal groups निवास residence and property .
The detailed classification of subjects was carried out by the " central " and " provincial " .
The 1919 Act was की there were many flaws in the 1919 Act .
It did not fulfill the demand for responsible government .
The Governor retained his full hold .
In the absence of financial power the Union minister could not carry out his policy effectively .
This was the biggest shock to secular Indian nationalism after the suppression of the 1857 uprising and was the genuine victory of the British policy of divide and rule .
In the words of Sardar के this was the first expression of the pernicious double nation theory ( which finally broke the country . "
The Government of India Act 1919 1919 and the rules framed under it made many important changes in the Indian constitutional system .
The first Council consisted of 60 members of whom 34 were elected 20 were nominated officials and 6 nominated non - official members .
The strength of the Legislative Assembly under the Act was fixed at 140 : there were 100 elected members 26 nominated officials and the rest nominated non - official members .
As per the statutory rules the total number could be increased and there were changes in the ratio between the members of different groups : to at least 5 / 7 members of the total number being elected and at least one - third of the remaining .
The first Legislative Assembly constituted under the 1919 Act came into existence in 1921 .
In the case of the Council of State the qualifications for property such as the संपत्ति were so high that the House was almost exclusive of the wealthy व्यापारियों and traders .
In 1920 the total electorate for the Council was only सभा and the responsibility of the Legislative Assembly .
The normal term of the Council was five years and that of the Assembly for three years .
The Governor - General could dissolve either House before the expiration of its full period .
It could also extend their normal term in special circumstances .
Both the Houses had equal powers ; except that the Assembly could approve or cry only .
Under the 1919 Act in keeping with the system known as the ब्रिटिश ( ब्रिटिश ) the responsible government was partly created in the provinces but the liability of the Governor - General was not merely an element of responsibility and the Governor - General .
The nature of the Central Legislature though more representative than the first Legislative Councils and had the power to supply supplies for the first time not the power to change the government .
Thus though for the whole of British India the Governor - General in India was to retain the power of the British Legislature for the British subjects and subjects of British origin in India the Governor - General or in - law to the tune of it सीमाएं .
The leaders of the Swaraj Party justified entry into the legislatures saying that under the existing circumstances this was the best method of making the administration useless and ineffective .
The Swaraj Party achieved remarkable success at the polls in 1923 .
By winning 45 seats out of a total of 145 the Swaraj Party became the biggest party in the Central Legislature .
According to Maulana Azad the biggest victory of the party was to win even at places reserved for Muslims .
During these years a great political consciousness developed in the country .
The 1919 Act provided for the appointment of a Royal Commission after a lapse of ten years which would otherwise be responsible for the functioning of the system of governance in British India and the development of representative institutions by whom the government was desirable .
In November 1927 two years before the commission was due the appointment of the Commission was announced .
But the Commission ' s Chairman ब्रिटिश Sir John Simon . and all its members were chosen from the British Parliament .
Besides the Union ministers are not collectively responsible to the Legislature .
The Congress and Indian opinion remained जनमत and pressed for reforms to make the administration more representative responsible and responsible .
But what took him was the special legislative proposals called the Rowlatt Bills .
Consequently the Satyagraha movement for Swaraj under Gandhiji ' s leadership was started .
The Simon Commission : Under the 1919 Act a commission was set up in 1929 to examine the working of the साइमन Act and report on it for improvement and make recommendations in relation to it .
After the rejection of the demand for a Dominion Status the Congress Session of 1929 adopted a resolution on Purna Swaraj or complete independence .
The all - white Simon Commission was boycotted by most of the Indian parties .
The report of the Commission published in May 1930 was rejected by all political parties .
In the midst of this the Indian National Congress presided over by Jawaharlal Nehru at its Lahore session in 1929 had declared that " ultimate Swaraj " was our objective .
The Government of India Act 1935 aims at the establishment of a federal structure .
It provided that in the discharge of the functions of the Governor - General he would be required to assist and extend his functions to the notice of the Council of Ministers " or to his individual discretion " .
The Federal Legislature The individual or collective responsibility of the ministers was not mentioned in the Act though every minister was expected to be a member of either House of the Legislature .
He could preside over meetings of the Council of Ministers in his own discretion .
The Federal Legislature was to consist of His Majesty represented by the Governor - General the two Chambers being the Council of State ( the Upper House ) and the House of Assembly ( Lower House of Assembly ) respectively .
The Council of State would be a permanent body not subject to dissolution but one - third of its members retire every third year .
Every Federal Assembly was to continue for five years if it was not dissolved by the Governor - General in his discretion .
Each House was to elect its Chairman and Deputy Chairman and would have the power to regulate subject to the provisions of the सदन Act its own procedure and conduct of business .
The Governor - General will have the power to invite and prorogue the Legislature and to dissolve the Lower House .
No Bill would become law unless agreed to by both the Houses and assented to by the Governor - General or the Bill reserved for the विधेयक of Your Majesty ' s intention .
Even an Act assented to by the Governor - General could be disallowed by His Excellency .
The Governor - General could remit a Bill to the Houses for reconsideration .
In the case of disagreement between the Houses the Governor - General could summon a joint sitting in which decisions could be reached by a majority both the Houses were shared nearly equal powers ; the सदनों सदनों
Money Bills could be introduced only in the Lower House but the Upper House had the power to amend or reject them in the same way as the Lower House the सदन and the Governor - General had the power to resolve the differences by summoning a joint meeting .
It has to be controlled to make it useful .
The people require an institution possessed of an object and the medium by which they may express and exercise their sovereignty .
Under the scheme of our Constitution and its provision of universal adult franchise the people exercise their sovereign power while voting for the representatives of the Union Parliament .
The Parliament becomes the supreme institution through which the sovereignty of the people becomes manifest .
Initially the Indo - Greek City States and during the Vedic period in India the people themselves assembled together to decide the matters of governance .
People thus exercised their power directly in deciding matters of the state and this kind of polity could be called direct popular democracy .
But with the gradual increase in the size and population of the political system and ultimately with the formation of the modern nation - states it was impossible to arrange for the people to assemble at a place to discuss matters of the State and arrive at decisions smoothly.
All forms of direct democracy therefore soon became extinct all over the world ; except in some Swiss लोकतंत्र where issues could still be decided by the people directly by vote .
Modern democracy has of necessity to be a representative democracy where people exercise their sovereignty through their elected representatives .
The word ' Parliamentary ' is specifically a sort of democratic polity wherein the supreme power vests in the body of people ' s representatives called ' Parliament ' .
It is the pivot which is the foundation of the political system of the country .
The President of the Republic is directly elected by an electoral college consisting of the elected members of both the Houses of Parliament and the elected members of the Legislative Assemblies of the States .
Though the President of India is a constituent part of the Parliament he does not sit or participate in the discussions in either of the two Houses .
There are certain constitutional functions in regard to the Parliament which he / she is required to perform and the President invites both Houses of Parliament from time to time .
He can prorogue the two Houses of Parliament and dissolve the Lok Sabha .
Moreover while the two Houses of Parliament are not in session and the President has to be satisfied that conditions exist which makes it necessary for him to have proceeded at once the Bill passed the Ordinance which would affect the power and effect of Parliament .
Besides he has the power to decide after he has received the opinion of the Election Commission whether a duly elected member is subject to the disqualifications laid down in Article 108 of the Constitution .
His decision in this matter is final .
Rajya Sabha : The Rajya Sabha is as its name indicates the Council of States or the Council of States .
The different States of the Union have not been given equal representation in the Rajya Sabha .
Thus while Uttar Pradesh has 34 members in the Rajya Sabha smaller States like Manipur Mizoram Mizoram Mizoram Nagaland Sikkim त्रिपुरा Tripura etc. have only one member .
The populations in some of the Union Territories such as Andaman and Nicobar Islands Lakshadweep Chandigarh Dadra and Nagar Haveli Daman and Diu and Lakshadweep are too small to be represented in Rajya Sabha .
Under the Constitution Rajya Sabha consists of not more than 250 members .
The Round Table Conference and the White Paper finally decided to call a Round Table Conference in London in November 1930 to consider constitutional reforms .
This was followed by two more such conferences .
After three Round Table Conferences the British Government published a White Paper in March 1933 .
The scheme included provisions for federal structure and provincial autonomy .
It proposed सरकारों at the Centre and responsible governments in the Provinces .
The British Parliament constituted a Joint Committee of the two Houses to further consider the Government ' s plan of the White Paper .
The Joint Committee presided over by Lord लिनलिथगो had a majority of members .
Representatives of British India and of the Princely States were invited to give evidence before the Committee as witnesses .
The Joint Committee submitted its report in November 1934 .
Based on the report a bill was prepared and moved to the British Parliament on December 19 1934 .
Moreover if the Rajya Sabha declares a resolution by at least two - third of the members present and voting that in national interest it is necessary or expedient to provide the Parliament by law the All - round Union or the State .
The term संसद is often used rather loosely to connote several different ways .
But it is desirable that the Council should function in aid and consultation with the Council of Ministers .
Thus the only formal राष्ट्रपति constitutional or nominal executive.
The Government of India is made up of ministers and the head of the government is the prime minister .
Besides the सिविल is a permanent administration consisting of civil services but a large section of the administrators the , are technical experts and the other administrative apparatus which really helps the ministers in the formulation and implementation of policies .
For the sake of conceptual clarification therefore the term ' executive ' may be used to indicate the political executive i . e . the Council of Ministers while the administration ' or the administrative " means permanent services or administrative machinery .
The Union List includes all the three lists viz. inner defence air travel foreign affairs air travel railway communications banking and stock and currency .
Moreover the Act of the Union in case of conflict between the Union and the State in relation to the same subject matter as the Union in the Concurrent List is recognised ; in other words the Constitution of the Union is the first place in the legislature .
The exception of the rule in favour of any law of the State in any regard to the Concurrent area is that of the rule in favour of law in any matter prior to the Parliament if it has been agreed to be in conflict with any legislation before the Parliament.
But the provision does not prevent the Parliament from subsequently amending varying or repealing the law made by the State Legislature .
The executive power of each State is required to be so exercised as to ensure compliance with the laws made by Parliament .
Even in the areas fully reserved for the States the Union Parliament has the power to legislate under certain circumstances .
Further when the proclamation of Emergency is in operation the legislative power of the Parliament widens so as to extend it over any matter in the State List .
Though the general legislative power of a State Legislature is not restricted by Parliament in the national interest or in the course of an emergency it is in the case of टकराव that the legislation enacted by Parliament remains in force and is in force established till it .
When the two Houses passed it and on August 4 1935 the King appointed it as the Government of India Act 1935 it became the Government of India Act 1935 .
The Government of India Act of 1935 थी 1935 the most remarkable feature of the Government of India Act 1935 was the 'an all - India federation of the Indian States willing to join the British provinces and the Union .
Till the 1930 Round Table Conference India was a completely unitary state and whatever powers the Provinces had were given to them by the Centre .
The 1935 Act for the first time provided for a federal system which would not only include the Provinces of British India but also the Chief रियासतें ' s Provinces and the princely states .
It finally abolished the concept of a unitary system under which British India had so far been administration .
The principle of 1919 constitution was decentralisation rather than association .
Provinces ( i . e . in normal circumstances were free from Central control in that area .
The Act separated Burma from India and two new provinces of Orissa and Sind were created .
Keeping in view the proposed scheme at the Centre the eleven गवर्नरों Provinces were मुक्त except for certain specific purposes ; the सरकार Central Government and the " supervision की of the Secretary of State were completely free of charge " .
In other words the कर Provinces were given a separate legal personality .
Moreover Parliament is empowered to abolish or create a Legislative Council in a State by a simple procedure not involving an amendment of the Constitution .
If the Legislative Assembly of a State passes a resolution of this effect by a special majority it can only be done by an Act of Parliament .
Last but not the least the Parliament exercises some control over the States through the Governor .
As we know the President is a constituent of the Parliament and at the same time the Executive head of the Union .
Governors of states are appointed by him and they hold office during the pleasure of the President .
Moreover the President may make such provisions as it deems fit in the discharge of the functions of the Governor of the State in any contingency not provided for in the Constitution .
All these facts however do not imply that the States in India should be merely administrative agents .
In their own region no one is subject to each other .
In the words of Dr ? the States are as sovereign in the field which is assigned to them by the Constitution .
The scheme of provincial autonomy envisaged by the Act provided for an executive and a legislature in every province .
The Council of Ministers was made responsible to the Legislature and could remove it by passing a vote of no - confidence motion .
The Legislature could exercise some control over the administration through questions and supplementary questions .
But the Dominion Legislature could not accept or reject nearly 80 per cent of the grant - in - aid .
In the legislative field the Central Legislature could pass laws on subjects included in the Concurrent List though in case of divergence the Federal law would prevail .
The federal part of the constitutional scheme under the Government of India Act 1935 was most considered .
The Provinces did not accept the scheme of the Federation and since the conditions of their association with the Federation of the States could not be fulfilled they were created and therefore the Indian Federation of India figured under the 1935 Act could not form a federal Act .
Elections to the provincial legislatures under the Government of India Act 1935 were held in February 1937 .
The Congress once again won a resounding success in the elections .
On the whole the , Congress found a place of कांग्रेस out of the general seats in कांग्रेस .
In the case of नाथ the Supreme Court overruled its earlier decisions and held that the unified fundamental right is नाथ that there is no law called for amendment of Art. 368 of the Constitution which was subject to any limitation by the Constitution .
In 1973 in the case of गोलक नाथ Bharti v. State of Kerala 21 Supreme Court reviewed the decision in the case of नाथ Nath .
Ten of the 13 judges held that Art. 368 itself contained the power to amend the Constitution and that ) in Art. 13 ( 2 ) did not take in a constitutional amendment under Art. 368 .
The law declared in Golak Nath ' s case was accordingly revoked .
On the question whether the amendment power under article 368 is complete and is है 7 judges who had a majority decided that the power under शक्ति 368 was subject to an underlying limitation thereof as required by the Constitution ?
The above sections indicate that the amending power of the Constitution under Art. 368 ( 1 ) which is a " constituent power ( ? ) is not clear or implicit and that ( b ) there may be no grounds for any judicial amendment act .
But the original structure of the Constitution ( बनाम ) was करार by the Supreme Court with a nil agreement to clause ( 4 ) and ( 5 ) in the case of the Indian Union ) and the Constitution which was fully आधार this amendment .
The present position of the principle of the fundamental element is that so long as the decisions of the फैसले case are not rejected by another full bench in the Supreme Court the Court may interfere with any of the amendments to the Constitution .
The Muslim League was badly defeated in seats reserved for Muslims and in the Muslim majority Provinces .
In fact it was only 51 out of मुस्लिम Muslim seats .
The Congress won a clear majority in Madras Travancore the United Provinces of Bihar the United Provinces of Bihar and Orissa and won about half of the total seats in Bombay .
In Assam and the North - West Frontier Province this emerged as the largest party .
In Punjab the पंजाब यूनियनिस्ट Party got a clear majority .
Several minor groups emerged in Bengal and Sind .
The Government of India Act 1935 occupies a very important and permanent position in constitutional history from India .
The Act sought to give a written constitution to the country .
Though the people of India or its representatives were by no means involved in the making of this document the भारत and it suffered from grave drawbacks it cannot be denied that it was on the whole and in some respects a progressive step .
Over the centuries the Indians had the opportunity to take some responsibility in running the administration of their country .
Justice Ramaswamy said :
It is thus evident that so far there has been no consensus in this regard among the judges and no majority judgement is available laying down all the features of the Constitution that may be considered as the ' parent ' .
The Court has not done anything like adding to the list of the basic features as alleged by various judges in various cases .
In the case of Indira Gandhi it has been said by Justice न्यायाधीश that the principle of basic structure has to be considered in every case and not in the abstract but in the context of a concrete problem .
The conditions of service and tenure of office of the members of the Commission cannot be changed to their disadvantage after the appointment .
The Chief Election Commissioner cannot be removed from his office except through a process of impeachment as in the case of a judge of the Supreme Court .
Other Election Commissioners cannot be removed from office without the recommendation of the Chief Election Commissioner .
The Central and State governments have to provide as many officers and कर्मचारीवृंद as are necessary for the proper discharge of their duties and responsibilities and as a matter of fact all such officers and staff are fully responsible to the Election Commission .
Likewise for the district there is a District Election Officer who coordinates and supervises all work in his district relating to elections under the direction of the Chief Electoral Officer .
3 . Generally the District Collectors or Deputy Commissioners are designated as the District Election Officer .
They appoint presiding and polling officers for the polling stations .
4 It is the duty of the polling officer at the polling station to assist the लोक officer in the discharge of his duties : The interpretation of the members General interpretation of the Lok Sabha is the dissolution of the House .
The petition can be preferred on the ground of disqualifications to fill the seat or adopting during the election any corrupt practices forbidden by law .
If proved the High Court has the power to declare the election of a successful candidate void on any of the above grounds .
If in a petition it is claimed by the न्यायालय . that majority of the votes received and if the successful non - corruption practices which he adopted then he / she is eligible to win the election if the candidate fails .
Electoral Reforms During recent years widespread concern has been felt in the matter of the influence of what is called धन muscle and mafia शक्ति in the electoral process.
The tenth general elections of 1991 were reported to be particularly brutal violent and associated with all sorts of crime riots murders and murders .
Video and other media coverage of elections and booth capturing rigging bogus voting - लेकर व्यक्ति misuse of religious and caste identities and various other corrupt practices have made the need for electoral reforms imperative.
Popular गए were formed in the Provinces by the elected representatives .
The words like the prime minister ( premier ) and the minister ' s were used for the first time and the prime minister ' s priority was recognised .
There were occasions when differences between the Governors and Ministers cropped up but the Governors in the Congress Provinces traditionally respected the powers and responsibilities of the Ministers and did not interfere with the day - to - day administration .
The Ministers too discharged their duties with great ability impartiality and devotion .
Even the British administrators were surprised and affected by the administrative ability and acumen by Indian ministers .
Towards Independence ( 1942 - 1947 ) the popular ministry came into existence only for two years .
All the Congress Ministries resigned in 1939 in protest .
In 1940 the Muslim League passed a Pakistan resolution .
Accordingly . Cabinet Minister . Sir Stafford Cripps was sent in August 1942 .
Its proposals were turned down by all the political parties .
The sittings of the Houses are sent a temporary date of sittings with an invitation to a session indicating the date on which the meetings will be conducted and the questions for which these are to be arranged are also furnished .
The sittings of the House से i . e . g . are ordinarily started at सदन m and from 13.00 to 13.00 . P . V . P . V . P . D . पू at सदन and म from 13.00 to मध्याह्न . म . म . म . म . पू . पू . म . पू . पू . पू . पू . L . पू . पू . पू . पू . पू . पू . पू . पू . पू . पू . पू . पू . पू . पू . पू .
13 . But there are many occasions when the House also takes over the lunch hour and sits late .
The लोक number and duration of Lok Sabha sittings from the first to the ninth Lok Sabha period is given in में 5. 1 at the end of this chapter .
List of Business and List of Business Parliamentary business may be divided into two main heads - i. e. government functions and non - governmental functions .
14 Government business may be further sub - divided into two categories : ( a ) work initiated by the Government ( b ) ( b ) which is initiated by the members of the state but taken up in government hours .
The directions given by the Speaker in this order are in accordance with the priorities laid down by the Speaker in respect of oath or affirmation and statement of the death and leave to be moved by the Speaker / member of the Committee on वैयक्तिक -
Certain other acts arising out of the statements made by a minister or other members in the statement made by the other members may be added to this category such as the question of adjournment motion an urgent public issue of urgent public importance etc.
When the automatic vote recorder is out of order or when seats or division numbers have been assigned the method of distribution of slips is used .
Members are supplied at their seats with सीटों / पक्ष printed slips for recording their views .
अंग्रेजी is printed in green both in English and Hindi on one side and red on the other .
The members are required to record votes of their choice by signing and writing their names विभाजन division numbers and dates legibly at the appropriate places .
Members who do not want to use vote fill in the abstention slip printed separately in yellow both in English and Hindi .
If a member has not been allotted a seat / division number he may write his name under his signature . the constituency seat and date clean .
The officer at the Table छानबीन the पक्ष / पक्ष slips and counts the votes recorded thereon and का the result .
The result so arrived at is announced by the Chair .
The Presiding Officer does not have the right to vote in the first count but in case of equality of votes he has a casting vote which may be decisive.
Statutory protection has been given to the publication in newspapers or broadcast by wireless telegraphy of substantially true reports of any proceedings of either House of Parliament provided the reports are for the public good and are not actuated by malice ( Art. का of the Constitution ) .
Normally no restrictions are imposed on reporting the proceedings of the House .
The Parliament is entitled to take action for any malicious writing लेखन speech etc. casting reflection or aspersion on its functioning or on the functioning of its members or its committees .
No action is however taken if the criticism.
The facilities provided to the Press in Parliament include the facilities for the use of preservation of the press gallery the press rooms the supplies of parliamentary papers and press releases access to the Central Hall the library and reference services etc .
A beginning was made in 1989 by direct transmission of the President ' s address to the members of the two Houses with a view to bringing the proceedings closer to the people of Parliament .
December 1991 : After the Question Hour in both the Houses of Parliament the following day it is being telecast on the following day .
The broadcasting of the Question Hour started in 1992 .
Important occasions like the Railway Budget and the presentation of the General Budget have also been telecast on the Doordarshan and the overall action for the purposes of the Museum and for future use has been कार्यवाही out of the सदनों - सदनों December 1994 .
The Bill moved in the Rajya Sabha which has not been passed by the Lok Sabha but is still pending in the Rajya Sabha ; the Bill which may be assented to by both the Houses and by the Speaker to dissolution of the House .
18 Bills passed by both the Houses and sent to the President for his assent do not lapse on the dissolution of the Lok Sabha. 18
Bills returned by the President for reconsideration are not नहीं and can be considered by the new House .
The proposals had conceded Dominion Status and the right of Indians to frame a Constitution for themselves in their Constituent Assembly after the war .
But the Provinces were permitted to accept or withhold the new Constitution .
The Congress therefore rejected them because they opened the doors to the possibility of dividing India into smaller pieces and there was no provision for actual effective power of representation by Indian representatives during the war .
The Wardha Congress Working Committee passed a resolution in July 1942 demanding the withdrawal of the British from India .
The All India Congress Committee accepted the resolution in Bombay on 8 August 1942 .
In his speech before the Committee Gandhiji declared that it was a decision.
The Congress leaders were arrested and a countrywide movement began to take place .
Meanwhile Lord Wavell replaced Lord लिनलिथगो as Viceroy .
It was stated in the सिखों Plan that until the Indian self became the Constitution the Executive would be भारतीयकरण as an interim order and that the Indian politicians would be included in it on the basis of equality between the सिखों Muslims and caste Hindus .
The War Department was to continue with the Commander - in - Chief but to appoint an Indian member in charge of the Foreign Department .
This is a gift which may be either natural or cultivated but in the hands of a wise and capable Speaker it is certainly a very effective measure .
While considering or not to discuss the various proposals to be obtained the Speaker has always taken into account his primary duty to deal with his substantive business as to the matters arising from time to time.
Where in doubt the Speaker usually acts in favour of giving an opportunity to the House to express his views .
He does not so conceive his duties or powers as to act independently of the House or to override its authority or to nullify its decisions of the House .
He is a part of the House and enjoys the powers from the House for the better functioning of the House .
He is ultimately a servant of the House and not its master .
10 A Bill for the permission of the President is certified by the Speaker before it is presented to him for his assent that the Bill has been passed by the House .
He is empowered to correct patent errors in a Bill after it has been passed by the House and to make such other changes as may lead to subsequent amendments by the House .
He receives documents petitions messages addressed to the House and all orders of the House are executed through him .
He had however held the same office in the Constituent Assembly ( Legislative ) and continued as the Speaker of the Provisional Parliament on the commencement of the Constitution .
The designation which the distinguished person was called as the व्यक्ति or प्रेजीडेंट as he was known by 1947 has been as follows :
The Deputy Speaker is the Chairman of the Budget Committee which approves the Budget proposals of the Secretariat before it is sent to the Ministry of Finance for incorporation in the General Budget .
Besides unlike the Speaker - LRB - the Deputy Speaker - RRB - the Deputy Speaker Secretariat of the Lok Sabha - LRB - सभा - RRB - is not a function of the Deputy Speaker in respect of its officers and staff .
The Deputy Speaker is thus a Deputy Presiding Officer but not a Deputy to the Speaker in the latter ' s capacity as the overall executive or administrative head of the Secretariat or the House .
Deputy Speaker presides over the House for the greater part of the sitting of the House while the Speaker is busy attending to other parliamentary matters in his room .
Usually the Speaker takes the Chair in the forenoon particularly during the Question Hour and the most crucial period following soon after the Question है
He may also walk in and preside at other times during the day whenever he finds some matter of special significance under discussion or any special situation necessitating his presence in the House .
The Deputy Speaker ' s rulings are final in so far as the matters under discussion on which they were given are concerned but the Speaker may for the sake of certainty of procedure and uniformity of practice give general guidance to be followed in future in similar circumstances .
The Simla Conference : the Viceroy convened a conference of Indian leaders at Simla .
The Conference went from 25 June to 14 July 1945 .
Elections and the Cabinet Mission : Elections to the Central Legislative Assembly in India were held long ago as held in the last quarter of 1945 .
Elections to the Provincial Assemblies were completed by April 1946 .
The result showed that the Congress had absolute majority in eight provinces ( Assam ) Bihar Maharashtra Bombay Madras Presidency Province - LRB - North West - RRB - Orissa and the United Provinces ) .
In the remaining three Provinces the Congress was the second largest party .
But while the record of Congress successes was most effective in the general constituencies and in fact the party has improved its position against the 1937 results it fared badly in the reserved Muslim constituencies .
Occasionally the Deputy Speaker may reserve a matter for a ruling by the Speaker or may consult him before giving a decision .
The Deputy Speaker has a right to speak in the House to take part in its deliberations and to vote on a motion before the House as a member but this he can do only when the Speaker is not .
If the Speaker is absent from a joint - sitting of the two Houses the Deputy Speaker presides and exercises the powers of the Speaker at such a sitting as he does during the discussions of the House .
The Deputy Speaker may take part in the politics of the party but in practice he as far as possible keeps aloof from participation in controversial issues in order to maintain a position of impartiality in the House .
Under the conventions and traditions that have grown round the Deputy Speaker ' s office if he is nominated or appointed a member of a Parliamentary Committee he is also appointed its Chairman .
The office of the Deputy Speaker is usually elected by a member of the opposition .
The विधानमंडल of the post of the Deputy Speaker Deputy President as it was known till 1947 had its origin with the Central Legislature .
The names and dates of election given are as follows :
before Independence
फरवरी Sinha ( 3 February 1921 )
Sir 1921 1921 ( 21 September 1921 )
Diwan Bahadur T . बहादुर ( 4 February 1924 ) .
Sir Mohammad याकूब ( January 30 1927 )
जनवरी ) ( 19 January 1931 1931 )
Abdul मातिन Chaudhuri ( 21 March 1934 )
फरवरी Chandra Dutt ( 5 February 1936 )
Sir Mohammad यामीन Khan ( 5 February 1946 )
अय्यंगर Ayyangar ( 30 May 1952 1952 - 8 May 1956 )
David Jones and Paul जोन्स is collecting and studying these insects in सदाबहार the globe .
historical collection
कारण as it is the largest collection of tropical termites in the world is the only suitable institute for research .
हैं are a busy animal .
Their role is to cast back the nutrients from the dead plants and bring them back to the earth through the process of भूमि and sand heaps .
Paul ' s Soil Team has been collecting soil samples from different मिट्टी areas to counted among the left termite species .
How do scientists use our historic collections as reference ?
They are using the Museum ' s collection as a reference .
There are over 80 per cent of the globally known termite species .
A Chairman may however reserve major issues for decision by the Speaker .
It is a contempt of the House to denigrate his conduct while he is in the Chair .
The Chairman is free to participate fully in all the discussions in the House and take active part in all matters which come before the House including controversial matters .
He attends the meetings of his party and is usually an active member of his party .
The Speaker invariably selects a member of both the parties whether out of the ruling party and also from the opposition parties .
The selection is entirely held by the Speaker but he may consult the leaders of political parties in the House before selection .
The Secretary - General is the third important officer of the House.
He is the adviser to the Speaker to the House and to the members on all parliamentary functions and activities and in all matters of procedure and practice .
As a permanent officer who is the head of the Table and continues to be the consistent link between the changing various Houses and the सदनों General Secretary is the custodian of parliamentary conventions and traditions and the wisdom of the Houses first सदनों and his own experience .
The Secretary - General discharges in his own right many legislative functions administrative and executive functions and renders services and provides facilities to the members .
He is the overall incharge of the Watch and Ward Organisation and the security in the precincts of the Parliament Estate .
The Parliament Library also functions under it the Library Research Reference Documentation and Information Services .
He is responsible for the maintenance and upkeep of the buildings and properties of the Parliament .
As the overall head of the parliamentary Museum and Archives he is the custodian of the heritage of Parliament and the keeper of all parliamentary records .
He is the head of the legislative services and the Secretariat of the House and is responsible for its administration for maintaining discipline and for seeing that the secretarial work of the House and its Committees is organised properly and conducted efficiently and efficiently .
He provides secretarial assistance and staff to all the Parliamentary Committees and is available to them for advice.
Its role is that of a friend philosopher and guide to the members and the Committees .
Members of various political parties approach him for consultation .
To a great extent he has to maintain the same role of impartiality and objectivity as that observed by the Speaker .
He must be fully conscious and लेने or soon निर्याय .
For a person holding the post of Secretary - General it is necessary to be a genius and versatile in the manifold functions of the Parliament which is entrusted to him is of a more technical and complicated nature of all kinds of officials and officials .
The work is organised in such a manner that each unit is concerned with a particular subject or aspect of parliamentary life and is carried out with a body of talented staff who are technically qualified and who discharge their duties efficiently.
It is the duty of the Secretary - General to see that adequate personnel are trained to fill out the gaps occurring from time to time and that the efficiency of parliamentary work is maintained at a high level .
Much therefore depends upon the personality and mind of the occupant of the post of Secretary - General in giving shape and character to the secretarial सदन of the House .
His approach and approach are always absolutely non - partisan and objective .
He is elected from among the officers who have done their commendable job in serving the Parliament in various capacities in the Secretariat of the House .
The Speaker is the authority to choose and appoint him .
Once appointed he attains the age of the prescribed service - retirement which at present is 60 years of 60 - सेवा till he attains that position .
He cannot be criticised in the House and his actions in the House or outside the House are not discussed .
It is only responsible for the Speaker in his view of ensuring the protection of service and freedom of the service and provision of adequate safeguards in this respect has been made that he performs his duties in a most humane and disinterested manner .
The Lok Sabha Secretariat is entirely separate and under the control of the Speaker so that the Parliament can get independent advice and its directions can be implemented properly without any outside interference or internal pressure .
The grievances received by the Secretary - General are to be brought out by the members on behalf of the President ; the papers issue notices received by him / her members regarding the proceedings and the proceedings before the Speaker ; and receives other documents ;
As a Parliamentary Study and Training Centre he conducts the training of the new members of the new Parliament and State Legislature the देश of Indian Administrative Service विदेश Indian Foreign Service and Training में and Senior Officers of the Government of India for their training and studies from foreign सरकार
He accompanies parliamentary delegations abroad and attends to numerous other activities of the Parliament .
When the Commonwealth सभा Conference is held in the country the Secretary - General of Lok Sabha is the ex - officio Secretary - General of the Conference .
Similarly questions relating to public importance and where supplementary questions are likely to be asked are put as starred questions .
But it is the discretion of the Speaker to put any question for oral or written answer as it thinks fit for
8 . Keeping in view the time of the House and other business to be transacted it has been provided that a member of the Lok Sabha cannot ask more than five questions a day of both the starred and the अतारांकित category .
Further not more than three starred questions in the Rajya Sabha and not more than one starred question in the Lok Sabha by the same member can be admitted on a single day .
The maximum number of questions in the अतारांकित list for a day is 230 in the Lok Sabha .
There is no limit in the Rajya Sabha but normally not less than 200 questions in the अतारांकित list of one day .
To answer the questions the Ministries and Departments of the Government of India have been divided into five groups namely A . B . ग्रुपों C G . D and E groups respectively on मंगलवार Sunday January 2013 .
The grouping is done in such a way that each minister has one fixed day in the week for answering questions in the Lok Sabha and another day fixed in the week for answering questions in the Rajya Sabha .
At least five days before the due date for asking questions the list of finally admitted questions is sent to the Ministries so as to provide them adequate time for preparing the answer .
The member whose question has been admitted as a starred question for a particular day is called by the Speaker or the Chairman as the case may be to ask questions / ask the question whether the question is likely to be faced by him.
The member rises in his place and asks his question not only by reading the number of questions from the list but by reading the lesson of the question .
11 . After that the minister replies to the question .
No debate is permitted during the Question Hour on any question or answer given .
However supplementary or follow - up questions may be allowed to be asked for the purpose of के any fact on a given answer .
12 . The member in whose name the question is recorded may ask two अनुपूरक .
The other members who can easily ask one supplementary question . The Speaker usually applies the members of the government to ask one question and the other to ask the question .
By allowing a reasonable number of supplementary questions in view of the importance of the question and by giving the opportunity to ask the members of all sections of the House the Speaker ensures the efficacy of this unique parliamentary device.
Short Notice Questions An opportunity for a matter of urgent public importance may be notice for oral answer of a question within a period of less than ten days .
13 . The member who gives notice of such a question may ask questions at short notice to brief for asking questions .
If the minister agrees to reply to a short notice question it is fixed on a day indicated by him .
If the minister refuses to answer the question on short notice and it is the opinion of the Speaker that the question is so important that the question should be answered in the House on a short date which might give the spoken question .
Only one such question can be placed in the list of questions on a day .
At the end of the Question Hour short notice question ( questions ) if any ) is taken up and disposed of in the same way as the question for oral answer is disposed of .
The terms of admissibility of short notice questions are the same as for ordinary questions for oral answers .
However a matter of urgent public importance may be filed by the Speaker if he is agreed to by an adjournment motion containing an adjournment motion which an adjournment motion may be brought to the House by a simple matter of urgent public importance or by a simple complaint .
( a ) the matter must be definite ;
( b ) its base is factual ;
Thus the political situation in the country is not proper for what is called the देश रेल रेल unemployment विमान rail accidents and air accidents the closure of factory रेल general international situation . proposals .
Likewise in the case of shortage of transport vehicles inter - गाडियों kidnapping dacoity explosions communal tensions have not been considered appropriate matters for such a motion .
It should not raise any matter which has already been discussed during the same session .
The subject matter of such a motion must be directly or indirectly related to the conduct or default of the Government of India .
But if a matter of the State jurisdiction concerns the constitutional development in the State or atrocities on Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes or the weaker sections of the society it may be considered for admission on merit.
In making these suggestions the Cabinet Mission made it clear that its objective was not to lay down the details of a constitution but to activate the machinery by which Indians could frame the constitution for them .
The Interim Government was announced on August 24 1946 .
In it Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru . Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel , Dr .
Rajendra Prasad . Asaf Ali शरतचन्द्र Sarat Chandra Bose . Dr .
B . अहमद Sir अहमद Ahmed Khan Jagjivan Ram सरदार Sardar Baldev Singh . Syed Ali . C . Rajagopalachari and Dr .
By law they were all members of the Viceroy ' s Executive Council and the Viceroy was the President of the Council .
He and his eleven colleagues took the oath of office on September 2 1946 .
The entrance was kept open to join the Muslim League later .
It may be noted that when a discussion on such a motion is initiated the power of suspension of the House is not available to the Speaker since this power vests in the House if any adjournment motion is withdrawn .
On the other hand if the motion is passed it amounts to सरकार the government .
Though it does not amount to voting the Government out of office it goes to show that a government which has failed to prevent an adverse vote on an adjournment motion will not be able to survive the result of ' No - confidence motion in the cabinet .
Since the adoption of an adjournment motion involves an element of censure against the government the Rajya Sabha does not exercise this procedure .
It has been seen that the adjournment motion is used very rarely .
For example only 149 notices of the Adjournment Motions received during the Seventh Lok Sabha period were brought before the House and finally only 24 of them were admitted and no proposals were accepted .
Of these 80 notices on four subjects were admitted to the Eighth Lok Sabha and 375 notices were received in the Ninth Lok Sabha and 9 held discussions .
The provision for Calling Attention Notices was first made in the year 1954.
Prior to this the need for a precise procedure to raise an important and urgent issue was being felt .
The procedure for bringing the adjournment motion which was in the nature of a censure motion against the government was restricted in the existing constitutional structure .
The purpose of the discussion is to make the members who have some facts about the matter to them educate the House and the minister clarifies the position for the benefit of the House and the nation .
Under Rule 377 any audience in the public places would have noticed how our elected representatives tried to raise matters which were not related to interpretation of rules and regulations but at the earliest in public meetings which were being agitated and उत्तेजित
Immediately after the Question Hour the सदन called by the Press rises by a number of members to raise such matters creating din and disorder in the House .
The Presiding Officers of the two Houses were assured that there was a need to be a system of preventing the practice and in some way out so that the MPs could carry on issues which they did not wish to raise any adjournment motion .
It was with this view that the practice of raising matters under ' special mention in the Rajya Sabha and Rule 377 in the Lok Sabha was started.
नियम to Rule 377 for the first time was taken on 14 May 1966 the matter raised by the police with a member of Parliament .
It was a matter which could not have been raised under any other rule .
By the end of October the Viceroy somehow succeeded in लाने the League into the Government .
The Government was reconstituted on 26 October .
Thus the League became a partner of the Government .
Mountbatten : In March 1947 Lord Louis Mountbatten was sent as the new Viceroy to arrange for a smooth transfer of power .
He arrived in India on 22 March 1939 .
He soon came to the conclusion that for the Congress and the Muslim League neither in the Interim Government nor in the Constituent Assembly could work together and therefore before the communal violence could take the lead to this हिंसा .
It was becoming clear already that the partition of the country could not be averted and that it was the only alternative to ‘ अराजकता अराजकता and disorder .
Mountbatten prepared a plan for partition and after consultations with the leaders of the opposition parties in Britain a new policy statement embodying the Mountbatten Plan was issued on 3 June 1947 taking concrete action .
The names of three members in the Lok Sabha and five of the names of the members in the Rajya Sabha are determined by सदस्यों and these are allowed to give notice of a resolution ( notice ) .
29 . These resolutions if admitted are placed in the List of Business. 29 .
When called by the Chair the member concerned moves the resolution and makes a speech on it .
After 30 other members and the minister concerned may also speak .
31 The time for discussing Private Members' resolutions is fixed by the Committee on Private Members' Bills and Resolutions .
Generally two hours are allotted for discussion on these resolutions .
The mover of the resolution has got a right of reply after the minister ' s speech .
( b ) Government Resolution : Resolutions moved by the ministers are known as Government Resolution .
The minister also has to give notice to the Secretary - General of his intention to move a resolution .
It is in the discretion of the government to fix a date for its discussion.
They perform manifold functions from maintaining law and order and protecting the territories of the state from foreign aggression to implementing plans for social and economic betterment of the people .
Besides a variety of social services like housing education health and employment for the people are provided by the government .
Needless to say governments need money to discharge these functions .
Where have these money come from ?
Who will sanction the money ?
The necessary funds are mobilised from the country ' s resources by way of taxes revenue loans etc . to meet governmental expenses .
In respect of schemes already sanctioned in the main Budget no discussion on a question of principle or policy is permitted .
As far as these demands are concerned the question of policy of non - approved has to be confined to the items of expenditure which are being accepted in the House .
During discussion on supplementary grant general complaints cannot be disclosed .
The members can only say whether the supplementary demand is necessary or not .
During discussion on Excess Demands for Grants members can point out how money has been spent है or that it should not have been incurred .
At this stage the discussion remains confined and there is no scope for general discussion or for ventilation of complaints .
While a very few bills of non - government members take the form of law they serve a good purpose because they bring to the notice of the government and the people that it is necessary to revise the light of the changing conditions .
Bills can be classified on the basis of their contents as follows :
i original Bills which provide for new proposals ideas and policies ;
Bills to replace Ordinances issued by the President .
In such a case leave of the House is not necessary to pass the Bill .
In other words parliamentary legislation does not have to go through stage of presentation .
( b ) Second Reading of the Bill is the most elaborate and important stage in as it is at this stage that it is examined in detail and minute details .
The second reading or the consideration stage consists of two steps which may be called the first stage and the second stage .
The first stage comprises the general discussion of the whole Bill ; the विधेयक i . e . the विधेयक i . e . on the principle underlying the Bill and its details .
At this stage it is open to the House to refer the Bill to the Select Committee of the House or the Joint Committee of the two Houses or to circulate it to elicit opinion thereon or straightaway take it into account .
To specify a committee a Bill may be referred to a Select Committee or a Joint Committee .
The members of the Select Committee are drawn from among the members of the House where the Bill has been introduced .
In the case of the Joint Committee the members of both the Houses are represented ; in such a case the ratio of members from the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha shall be 2 : 1 .
The Chairman of the Joint Committee is appointed by the Presiding Officer of the House in which the Bill has been introduced .
The Bill again passes through the Committee stage and the Bill is presented as a विधेयक report to the House .
After the report of the Select or the Joint Committee on the Bill is presented to the House the Minister may make any motion which is to be proceeded to determine whether the Bill be referred to or appeared again to the Committee as reported by the Bill .
The controversy then remains confined to the Bill as reported by the Committee and the principles of the Bill cannot be discussed again since the motion for referring to the Bill is adopted the House is committed to the principle of the Bill .
The second stage is the commencement of the clause - by - clause consideration of the Bill or the motion for consideration of the Bill as reported by the Select / Joint Committee .
Each clause is placed before the House separately for discussion .
Immediately after a clause is placed before the House amendments thereto can be moved subject to the conditions of admissibility .
clause wise consideration is often long and difficult as each clause is generally discussed separately and each amendment is also passed either by the mover back from or separate from the House .
Amendments if accepted become a part of the Bill .
In the remaining cases the stages of the Bill are the same as in the case of Government Bills .
The complexities of modern civilisation and rapid industrialisation have of necessity made the State to shift its emphasis from the concept of laissez - faire to that of social welfare .
As a result the State has become more and more a vehicle of social and economic change .
The failure of the Simon Commission and the Round Table Conference which led to the establishment of the British Government of India Act 1935 to satisfy the Indian aspirations accentuated the demand of the Constituent Assembly for the people of India .
The Congress adopted a resolution at its Lucknow session in April 1936 .
The demand was firmly reiterated by the All India National Conference of Congress Legislators held in Delhi in March 1937 .
During August - October 1937 the Central Legislative Assembly and the Provincial Assemblies of each of the Provinces . Provinces .
After the outbreak of the War in 1939 the demand for a constituent assembly was reiterated in a long statement issued by the Congress Working Committee on 14 September 1939 .
He declared that the only way to settle a just solution of communal and other problems was also the Constituent Assembly .
In the August Resolution of 1940 the British Government accepted the demand for the Constituent Assembly for the first time ever though the acceptance was implicit in an indirect and important terms .
According to these proposals the task of building a new Constitution was yet to be entirely from Indian hands and the British Government made a clear undertaking to accept the constitution framed by the proposed constitution - making body .
After the failure of the Cripps Mission no steps were taken for the solution of the Indian constitutional problem until the War in Europe ended in 1945 .
As in the case of Joint Committees the Council of Public Accounts is drawn from both Houses of Parliament Public Accounts Committee the Committee on Public Undertakings and the Committee on Welfare of Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes and Members of Government सरकारी from both the Houses .
As far as possible different parties and groups are represented in Parliamentary Committees in proportion to their respective strengths in the House or the House .
Usually the Committees are reconstituted every year on the basis of names of members suggested by leaders of parties / groups for consideration of and selection by the Presiding Officers .
The Parliamentary Committee holds office for a period not exceeding one year or for a period specified by the Speaker or until a new Committee is मनोनीत
The Business Advisory Committee . Committee . the Committee on Privileges and the Rules Committee continue in office till re - constituted whereas other Standing Committees hold office for a period not exceeding one year .
If no direction has been laid down by the Speaker / Chairman in respect of any ad hoc Committee it continues to hold office till the completion of the work and report.
The Committee Procedure Committees hold their meetings in the Parliament House or in the Parliament House Annexe but in particular cases the meetings of the Speaker / Chairman may be held outside the संसद permission .
The Committee has the power to take oral or written evidence .
The Committee can call on document and record for evidence but if any question arises as to whether or not the final decision of any person or proof is referred to or not is relevant for the purposes of the Committee .
The Committee may also appoint a Chief Committee . to examine matters referred to them .
A report of the उपसमिति is submitted to the main Committee .
There is no public hearing .
The proceedings in Committees are largely conducted in the same manner as in the House but in a more intimate and informal atmosphere and on non - party lines.
When a Committee is विचार a member can speak more than once on a question under consideration .
All questions are determined by a majority of votes of the members present and voting .
In case of an equal division of votes on a matter the Chairman has a second or casting vote .
The Committee drafts a report thereafter on the basis of the कार्यवाही of the sittings of the Committee containing the substance of deliberations of the Committee together with the recommendations.
They can frame their own internal Rules of Procedure subject to the approval of the Speaker .
They normally do not go into questions of policy in pursuance of the fact that policy formulation is the exclusive privilege of the Parliament and a Committee is not supposed to sit in judgement on any policy already approved by Parliament .
In order to avoid possible interference in day - to - day administration the Committees examine only those acts which have already been done or not done which otherwise नहीं
But no minister or officer can disregard them because of the constitution and authority of the Committees .
The Estimates Committee consists of 30 members of Lok Sabha .
Unlike the Public Accounts Committee and the Committee on Public Undertakings the members of the Lok Sabha are not associated with it .
The Committee acts as a Standing Economy Committee ' and its criticisms and suggestions act as a deterrent on extravagance .
The Constituent Assembly thus became a body of representatives of the States and the provinces in India and free from the domination of any foreign power .
The Constituent Assembly could abrogate or alter any law made by the British Parliament applying to India including the Indian Independence Act .
The constituent assembly duly opened on the appointed day Monday the ninth day of December 1946 at eleven in the morning .
A few days after the session of the Constituent Assembly Nehru moved the historic Objectives resolution on December 13 1946 .
The beautifully worded draft of the Objectives Resolution cast the outline of the Sovereign Democratic Republic of India ' s future sovereignty .
Thus the Resolution gave to the Constituent Assembly the guiding principles and the philosophy on which it was to function as the framing of the Constitution .
Finally on January 22 1948 the Constituent Assembly adopted the resolution .
The Constituent Assembly set up a number of committees to deal with various aspects of the problem of framing the Constitution .
These included the Union constitution Committee the Federal Powers Committee the , Committee the Fundamental Rights and Minorities etc .
It possesses a rich collection of rare books , art books etc .
The earliest printed book available is of course की .
From time to time and on specific occasions the Parliament Library organises Book Exhibitions on themes of interest .
The Reference and Documentation Division has been fully equipped to handle inter alia references received from members of Parliament .
The Research and Information Division has already estimates the information requirements of Members of Parliament and makes them constantly informed of the current developments in various national and international areas through the issue of relevant information papers etc .
The Press and Public Relations Wing looks after all the press and public relations work of the लोक Secretariat involving in the main continuous liaison with the Press governmental publicity organisations and the media.
It also deals with all matters concerning the Press Gallery of the Lok Sabha including the issue of press releases on various parliamentary events and activities .
The PARLIS database is designed to cater to the immediate reference needs of the members of Parliament representatives of the Parliament संसद Committees . research and reference personnel and other employees .
The material available for stored information and for immediate recovery in computers contained in both Houses of Parliament issues of dispute and सदनों References सदस्यों Bills and सदनों सदस्यों of सामाजिक सामाजिक सदनों of Members सामाजिक debates of Members and Social सदनों etc .
Data relating to certain parliamentary activities contained in the PARLIS database are also available on request to State Legislatures.
Some of the State Legislatures have already made arrangements to access some of the basic materials in the Parliament Library Information System through their computer N. E . विधानमंडलों Centre network .
PARLIS has been connected to जिला and can correspond with the District Information Centres under the system ail over the country .
The main function of the Documentation Service is to keep in place the books and reports received in the library and documents like पुस्तकों पत्रिकाओं and प्रलेखों the respective parliamentary पुस्तकालय and प्रलेखों and follow up the day - to - day संसद their functions in the library .
Documentation cards are also prepared on all important subjects and filed in card catalogue हैं and fed in the PARLIS database as well.
The Documentation Service brings out a fortnightly periodical Parliamentary अनुभाग .
These press कतरनें are kept in a chronological sequence in separate folders and can be consulted or referred to by members in the library .
It is therefore necessary to impart training to policy makers like , Member of the People who work at various levels in the working of a democratic set - up the policy - makers the legislators the administrators and various other functionaries of parliamentary institutions in the past .
Also their attitudes have to be oriented to the needs and responsibilities and the tenor and temper of parliamentary democracy .
The task of carrying on the necessary studies and imparting the required orientation and training primarily falls on the Parliament itself as the shoulders of the Parliament .
The Bureau of Parliamentary Studies and Training established in 1976 as a part of the Lok Sabha Secretariat was established in 1976 with the objective of providing full and continuous training of the problem faced by MLAs and authorities in various points of parliamentary institutions .
The courses offered by the Centre are organisation of seminars and monitoring programmes for the members of Parliament and State Legislatures training and seminars / symposia / exhibitions of officers of the various Indian Government senior and medium scale officers and staff of the Government of India .
It is only when a parliamentary official is specifically asked for advice on a matter relating to parliamentary work that he should furnish factual information and not advance himself .
The parliamentary officials have nothing to do with what the member ' s ideology or which political party he is concerned with .
Whatever the group the qualifications may be whatever is in life the status of every member is an honourable representative of the people with whom he is expected to show respect and patience .
As a servant of the House a parliamentary official must treat all members as equally .
Remembering always that all members are entitled to equal and impartial assistance from him he has to render efficient service to everyone of them who seek his help from him in connection with his parliamentary duties .
In order to perform his duties the officer has to acquire a special knowledge in his field of work .
Speed and accuracy in disposal of business are thus the key ingredients in the operational dynamics of parliamentary officials .
In brief some guidelines are as follows :
A special committee was set up to discuss all these with the recommendations of the Drafting Committee .
The recommendations made by the Special Committee were further considered by the Drafting Committee and certain amendments were picked up for inclusion .
On October 26 1948 the Speaker of the Constituent Assembly was moved .
On 4 November 1948 while introducing the Draft Constitution in the assembly for consideration Dr .
Ambedkar saw some common criticisms of the Draft particularly the criticism that it contained little material in it that could claim originality.
He said : I would like to ask if a new Constitution which was to be formed at this time in the history of the world .
hundreds of years ago when the first written constitution was drafted .
Many countries followed this and converted their Constitution into writing .
What should be the का of the Constitution ? so the answer to this question has been long ago .
Similarly what is the fundamental basis of the Constitution ? so it is the world familiar .
When day after day the Houses are adjourned after scenes of बाजार and without transacting any business one wonders whether the institutions are not becoming निरर्थक despite their high costs to the public treasury .
It has also been found that many of our elected representatives in their personal conduct with the people do not follow the basic norms of code of conduct in their dealings with their people .
In a democracy what can be the greater regret and concern than the erosion in the respect of the representatives ?
These Conferences are held in New Delhi ( Parliament House or Parliament House Annexe ) under the Chairmanship of the Chairman of the concerned Parliamentary Committee usually once in the life time of the Lok Sabha .
Parliamentary and State Legislatures Committees often attack the new Delhi and the capital of different States and merge with their own uniform committees and the State Legislatures to exchange ideas on matters of common interest .
The visiting Committees also witness proceedings of Legislature Committees when they take evidence .
Parliamentary Committees also meet their counterparts in States during their tours of States to study their subjects on the राज्यों .
Seminars and symposia are held in New Delhi under the auspices of the Indian Parliamentary Group and Bureau of Parliamentary Studies and Training in which members of Parliament and State Legislatures participate.
For some years a symposium on a subject of topical interest is also held on the last day of the Presiding Officers ' annual conference .
An autonomous body called the 'Indian Parliamentary ग्रुप was established after such requests .
The members of Parliament may become members of that body .
Former members of Parliament may become associate members of this House .
The Speaker Lok Sabha is the ex officio President and the Deputy Chairman . Lok Sabha and Deputy Chairman . Rajya Sabha are the ex officio Vice प्रेजीडेंट .
The Secretary - General Lok Sabha is the ex officio Secretary of the Indian Parliamentary Group .
The Group functions as the National Group of the Inter - Parliamentary Union and as the India Branch of the Commonwealth Parliamentary Union .
The constituent assembly accomplished the tremendous task of framing the constitution in less than three years .
But with the approval of the Constitution the journey did not end .
The Chairman of the Drafting Committee Dr.
Ambedkar and the Chairman of the Constituent Assembly Dr .
Rajendra Prasad speaking on 25 and 26 November 1949 sounded words of warning and careful attention .
Dr .
Rajendra Prasad in his concluding speech observed that the Constituent Assembly had been able to make a good Constitution by all and was confident that it would serve the country ' s needs well .
On 24 January 1950 by members of the constituent assembly were finally signed on the last day of the Constituent Assembly .
Our founding fathers were some of the most distinguished and the wisest of men and women - great jurists patriots and freedom fighters .
Even if the constituent assembly is elected by the people on the basis of universal adult franchise it is difficult to imagine the better or more representative consequences then .
The inter - Parliamentary relationship as the representatives of the people can play an important role in reducing international tensions and कार्यपालिका the conflict between the countries for they can build public opinion and allow them to interact with the people and the world for their peace .
The Indian Parliament exchanges delegations goodwill missions etc. with foreign Parliaments and regularly participates through the Indian Parliamentary Group in the Conferences held under the auspices of the Inter - Parliamentary Union and the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association .
The Inter - Parliamentary Association is the Union of India ' s Parliamentary Group set up in National Parliaments which aims to promote private contacts with the members of all Parliaments and participate in the task of securing and promoting parliamentary institutions for their development .
The Union meets in Conference twice a year and member countries are hosted .
The Commonwealth Parliamentary Association is an association of Commonwealth Parliamentarians with the aim of encouraging understanding and cooperation between them and to promote the study of and respect for parliamentary institutions and .
The Association meets in Conference annually and also assists in holding Seminars on Parliamentary Practice and Procedure at regional levels .
Since India has been a member of the Inter - Parliamentary Union and the Commonwealth has been taking considerable interest in the working of these institutions .
India hosted the राष्ट्रमंडल Inter - Parliamentary Union Conference in 1969 ; the Commonwealth Parliamentary Conferences in 1957 and 1975 and the Conference of Commonwealth Speakers and Presiding Officers in 1969 and 1986 .
Besides a number of international regional seminars have been organised in India from time to time .
Again in September 1991 the Commonwealth Parliamentary Conference and in 1993 the राष्ट्रमंडल Conference were hosted by India at New Delhi .
The centre and focal point of the building is the large repository of the central cell भवन
The Constituent Assembly of India ( 1946 - 49 ) met in this room .
The historic transfer of power from British to Indian hands also took place in this Hall .
The Hall is now used for the joint - sittings of the two Houses Addresses by the President and by visiting शासनाध्यक्ष Heads of State or Government .
The Hall is adorned with portraits of national leaders .
Surrounding these three Chambers is a four - storeyed circular structure providing accommodation for ministers Chairmen of Parliamentary Committees Party Offices important offices of the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha Secretariats and also the Offices of the Ministry of Parliamentary Affairs .
Four Committee rooms on the first floor are used for meetings of Parliamentary Committees .
Three other rooms on the same floor are used by the correspondents who come to the Press Galleries of the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha .
A large number of books are outside the Parliament building by storing in other buildings .
For the convenience of the members of Parliament there are two main refreshment rooms on the first floor and a few small tea booths near the passages leading to the Chambers from the Central Hall .
Other amenities are the railway booking offices pay office of the State Bank of India first - aid post post office air booking and C. P. W. D. complaint centre .
Several passages of noble words are inscribed on the Parliament building which are expected to inspire the deliberations in the Houses .
At the very entrance a Sanskrit quotation from the संसद Upanishads reminds us of the sovereignty of the nation of which the Parliament is the visible symbol .
Over the doorway of the Central Hall we find a stanza in Sanskrit from the के which means " It is my own ; and that is ' foreign ' s announcement is not only a small पराया but a form of welcome given to the vast heart .
A spacious lounge has been laid out around the गई .
Telephone Exchange , telecom bureau , post office etc . are also in the same position .
From the second to the fifth stage the Secretariats of the Lok Sabha and the Rajya Sabha are located besides the liaison offices of the telephone authorities of the Directorate of संपदा New Delhi Municipal and Estate .
On the terrace floor are situated the Bureau of Parliamentary Studies and Training and the Staff Library .
The ground floor is considered to be one of the most functionally viable areas ideally suited for national and international conferences .
The five committee rooms of all the five are provided simultaneously as the Lok Sabha and the Rajya Sabha Chambers in the Parliament House .
The water reservoir is a prominent feature of the area .
A multi - purpose auditorium a branch of the स्टेट State Bank of India a large banquet hall private dining rooms and refreshment rooms including a milk bar are also located on the ground floor .
The same telephone is used for inter - departmental work and for outer periods .
Arrangements exist for the tourists inter - session periods to guide the buildings of the Parliament during specified periods .
The visitors are accompanied by a staff member who guides them and briefs them .
Special tours are also arranged for groups of students and others particularly interested in knowing about the working of parliamentary institutions .
Under such conditions the दर्शकों and the Training Centre undertake to give a short introduction to the audience before commencing its visit .
In the last ten years the total number of visitors visiting Parliament buildings in Parliament buildings has been between 3000 to nearly के years .
We the people who want to know it provide the names of all governments international organizations and gentlemen announced that we are planning to work for the aims set out and all organisations and people to join our endeavours .
Many studies have shown that Esperanto is useful as a preparation for learning other languages .
It has also been recommended as a result of division of courses in language awareness.
The समुदाय community is one of those selected communities which are multi - lingual or multi - lingual and mixed .
We recognise that इनसान whether they are low - speaking people - LRB - people - RRB - or elderly - should have the opportunity of learning to a higher level .
अइधकार
The unequal distribution of the forces of languages in most countries leads to linguistic communalism and अत्याचार the inequality of open common language harassment .
Every member of the समुदाय community may be he who speaks of powerful समुदाय the weak or the weak members move on the same level with each other to a compromise .
Language as it may be it must be an act of terrorism we maintain that in many international conventions the समझौतों समझौतों created a बरताव because of the difference in the strength of languages .
But the समुदाय community observes language as a knowledge and riches .
For this reason every language every kind of living creature is worth जीव assistance and जन्तु .
We maintain that exclusive reliance on tribal languages inevitably creates barriers for freedom of speech communication and expression .
Our movement is a movement for human suffering .
Prague July 1996
THE INDIA . WHICH का RAMALINGA का was born was in the throes of political awakening and cultural regeneration.
The institutions that we continued after Independence and embodied in the Constitution were the institutions which had धरती on the Indian soil .
The founding fathers on the basis of old institutions which had already grown and known about whom they had become familiar and had hoped to build enterprises despite all the limitations and परिसीमाओं of all kinds .
The Constitution did not alter the British rule but the institutions which had developed during the British regime .
As the constitution - building and institution - building are a living dynamic process a live and continuous process the dissolution of the current process did not come to a cease - fire on 26 November 1949 when the people of India adopted the Constitution and laid down themselves .
Even after the opening of the Constitution of India on 26 January 1950 the process of its making was continued through its actual working - out judicial and constitutional amendments .
The manner in which and as the people of the people worked from time to time so acquired new meaning .
This trend continues .
The Constitution of India is unique in many ways .
It has many features which distinguish it from other Constitutions of the world .
One day as he often did without food Ramalinga lay sleeping in the courtyard of the temple when the priest of the temple woke and fed him up .
The next morning it was discovered that the priest would have had two days ago.
One day as he was resting an old lady who was spending her last days in the service of the temple requested him to reassure her through a miracle .
Ramalinga took a handful of sand from the sea - shore and put it into his hand .
He said to her : When he close the bundle and opened it again he found that he had nothing to do with the sand in his hand .
It may be noted that in the prevalent belief the main saints of the Saiva sect . who belonged to the eleventh century were integrated into the थे of संत .
Size of the Constitution In sheer physical terms it is the largest Constitution ever made in any country .
It is a very comprehensive document and includes several subjects which could be the basis of ordinary legislation or administrative action for the sake of propriety .
This was because the Government of India Act of 1935 which was essentially a law and was used as a model and an initial working draft and large portions of it were incorporated in the Constitution .
Besides the founding fathers of the Constitution did not want any doubts and difficulties and controversies to be disposed of by the future legislation .
In the United States apart from the federal Constitution every state has its own Constitution .
The complexities and diversities of the size of India also necessitated several special transitional provisional , and various provisions for certain regions of the country or classes of the people .
Not only does the Constitution contain a comprehensive charter of न्यायालयों fundamental rights it also समाविष्ट the limitations under which these must be carried out .
Also our Constitution contains a statement of several Directive Principles of State Policy and Fundamental Duties of citizens .
Types of Constitution Written or संविधान A constitution like the American Constitution may be written or unwritten and based on conventions like Britain .
Our Constitution is a written constitution although even the special role of tradition and conventions cannot be नकारा provided they are in line with the provisions of the Constitution .
The bride was the daughter of his sister . . . .
His age at the time of marriage is not known .
In many songs he refers to his fear of seeing the fading of his mother ' s heart .
In his poem - LRB - कविता - RRB - बेटे - LRB - बेटे - RRB - he refers to his elders :
Was it my past deed chasing me?
Was it Your Grace that come from?
At the instance of मुदलियार Mudaliar the next published work was रामलिंग मुदलियार न्याय ( न्याय ) or Nyaya - न्याय which Ramalinga presented in a comprehensive prose of the prevailing law of justice for the cow by रामलिंग Maharaj .
This was published by 1854 चेट्टियार Chettiar in 1854 for the Society for Religious Education .
He edited रामलिंग ( a hundred Songs ) on रामलिंग रामलिंग of the seventeenth century A . D . रामलिंग by Ramalinga which in its introduction led to his clarification of the nature .
This was published by मुदलियार Mudaliar in 1855 .
It may be noted that this publication was meant for free distribution of duties .
Ramalinga left a final decision in favour of रामलिंग name like any rational philosopher - scholar and विद्वान Sastri .
He concluded his thesis with the following words :
If still some people have not got rid of Shankar ' s mind I will draw his attention to the stone inscriptions in the temples built by King महाराज where he has his name खुदे as खुदे .
They may satisfy themselves by looking into the stone inscriptions in खुदे खुदे में and other temples .
It must also be mentioned that the stone inscriptions in these places bear the name of the region .
The third book edited by Ramalinga was रामलिंग चिन्मय ( Guide to Spirituality of the poet . of आध्यात्मिकता - आध्यात्मिकता ) .
It was published by Madurai Mudaliar m 1857 .
The second collection of Ramalinga . . - की was published soon after his death .
Years later when he left for Vadalur some of his disciples through persistent persuasion were able to allow him to issue a definitive edition of his songs .
This book was named . ( the sacred book of की ) .
Though he spent the rest of his days outside the city he spent the rest of his days in मद्रास home late at night .
After he left Madras he writes :
Of the five shrines in Tamil Nadu representing symbolically the five elements - LRB - the symbol of the sea - RRB - the Indian myths : the earth the fire the fire the air and the ether - RRB - represents the supreme air of Lord Shiva .
The apparent paradox ( or what seems to Hindus ) should be clear here .
As early as early as in infancy Ramalinga had the grace of Lord Shiva at Chidambaram he had established in his early boyhood the स्कंदन ( स्कंदन ) स्कंदन ( स्कंदन - स्कंदन ( स्कंदन ) or the देवता of the कंदस्वामी temple at Madras .
Then he returned to the worship of Lord Siva of Chidambaram .
In Chidambaram before Lord Nataraja ( Siva ) he याद .
Different theories may be active at a higher level .
Ramalinga ' s path of vision also establishes man' s relationship with life in the universe as the obverse of his relationship with God .
In Ramalinga ' s conception the four prophets of Saivism were प्रेम of the four paths as oriented to . or ईश्वर . being a servant of God ; संत as a friend of God and मित्र realizing God within himself as love .
At the opening of the Sanmarga Veda Dharma धर्मशाला Free Eating House for the Brotherhood in 1867 a tract of his जीव करूणा ( जीव जीव ) which he had started writing before 1866 were read out by जीव Chidambaram वेंकट वेंकट वेंकट .
The following were :
People must remember that they must hasten to bring to fruition the rare chance of human birth .
This tract was published in 1879 five years after his death under the title रामलिंग 1879 ( 1879 ) and the first step on the path of 1879 - LRB - 1879 - RRB - which Ramalinga mentions in his letters written to his disciples and disciples .
The fact that vegetarianism exists on the present occasion in Tamil Nadu to - day is largely owing to Ramalinga . .
We would like to draw our attention to रामलिंग ( the society of the last chapter in which Ramalinga had considered आध्यात्मिक as the most important of spiritual experience and the relation of the person with the world as given with God .
The Sanmarga Sangam ( करूंगुझी ) the Sanmarga Sangam ( करूंगुझी ) which he founded in 1865 in 1865 in the second phase of his stay in Karunguzhi 1858 - 67 - 1948 ) the institution of the third round in Vadalur ( 1867 - 70 ) .
At the same time the last years of his career in Karunguzhi saw the fruition of his first two phases in the publication of his poems by his disciples .
The book was printed by वित्तीय Press मद्रास 292 लिंग लिंग Street लिंग financed by एशियाटिक Chettiar of मद्रास .
During this long - drawn process Ratna Mudaliar wrote to Ramalinga in March 1866 to give him permission to print Ramalinga ' s name as Ramalinga स्वामिगल .
Ramalinga wrote in reply : It is contrary to my determination to be distinguished as Swami .
It seems to me that the epithet is बचना and as such to be avoided .
He consoled himself by saying to his disciples ? ' Who can apply to it by asking Who is the One to ask Who is the दैवी full of the Divine Grace ?
( in Tamil the words lend themselves to this interpretation .
At the time of publication of the book Ramalinga left Karunguzhi for Vadalur and was already on his way to the next stage of his spiritual progress his करूंगुझी growth विकास in Vadalur and Mettukuppam .
रामलिंग Velayuda Mudaliar in his statement to the Theosophical Society described Ramalinga in English .
He saw that Ramalinga was a man of medium height a thin frame of bone and yet a strong काठी he wore a stout अस्थियों - नाक very strongly and blended नाक with a narrow face which grew round his eyes very narrow .
In the last days his hair had grown long ; he wore a pair of shoes and this was a remarkable thing for the Yogis .
His dress consisted of two pieces of white cloth .
He was extremely संयमी .
They never rested for a moment .
He was a fully vegetarian but once in two or three days he was satisfied with a few कौर of rice .
The attractive face strangely haunting eyes beaming with compassion and compassion .
He shunned indulgence in dress ;
In the early days they ate twice a day .
Later कौर had started eating once in two or three days ; he too only a few drinks .
It is said that in his youth he would sleep for three hours a day ; then sleep two hours a day ; and an hour as his disciples aver that he dispensed with sleep .
" You have forbidden you to sleep he addresses God .
He says he is apprehensive of sleep :
I घृणा I grew up from that निद्रा
They forbid sleep .
What is this confused ?
A वानर monkey mind a fool वृति away .
Stop playing pranks here that you play with others .
Spending days and nights in meditation and composing poems he gave discourses in the house or in the Sabha and flocked to listen to them .
In Venkata . ' s house in Karunguzhi the mistress of the house जला herself used to light the lamp in his room and keep near it a mud pot of oil with which to replenish the lamp.
One day the mouth of the pot having broken बर्तन wanted to change it .
Then she left her house for the next village .
When रामलिंग returned the next morning she found Ramalinga absorbed in writing and the lamp burning.
He caught his mistake and soon it turned into a miracle .
One cannot point out the greatness of his miracles .
The judge asked the yogi Who killed you ?
Yes योगी said the man who brought me here has hit me with a stone .
'The judge understood that no better योगी from the Yogi could be expected .
Then on his own he gave the proper sentence to the man who had hit the ascetic.
During his stay in Cuddalore Ramalinga had a chance encounter with a leader of Brahmo Samaj.
The controversy was noted down by नारायण . of नारायण who stated that it was a वादविवाद record of the controversy .
It was published under this title by Sanmarga मुन्नेत्र संस्था ( सन्मार्ग ) in 1893 .
On 16 January 1867 Ramalinga was present at a festival in के near Cuddalore on the bank of the river थे .
The local people had been exposed to his speeches before.
Ramalinga briefly said " Those who have realised Brahman can think of him further .
Some of the crowd turned to Naicker and said " Please let us have our view . "
He said he wanted to settle matters between themselves and that too through correspondence .
होकर अपमानित declared " 'To worship is और and निखट्टू .
The Vedas and the great texts testify by रामलिंग " Ramalinga said .
रहे kept silent .
'Is there nothing which can be perceived by the mind that cannot be perceived by मन ? "
" You must tell me " Ramalinga said .
'In that sense the senses can convey bliss to the mind " said Ramalinga .
" The bliss conveyed through the eyes through the ears and other senses have been recognised by our saints .
He said " I opened my shop " as has been recorded .
Now I am in this body .
Soon all bodies will be mine.
Then came Friday of the eighth lunar month of शुक्ल October 30 1874 - LRB - जनवरी - RRB - As night set he called his followers together and said ( as has been recorded ) .
I will stay in the room for ten to fifteen days .
He will not let me see .
The last quotation is repeated ten times in ten lines of the poem.
It is held by those who believe in him that he has become one with God never appeared before him .
One of his disciples स्वामिगल स्वामिगल has recorded in one of the eleven stanzas of a poem that Ramalinga himself had told him of his name .
The grace of the great dancer
Adult मताधिकार Dr .
Ambedkar had said in the Constituent Assembly that " Parliamentary system " meant " a man not a single vote " .
The framers of the Constitution have in their heart decided to adopt the method of universal adult suffrage with every adult Indian without any distinction at once having equal right to vote .
The biggest demand of the leaders of our national freedom movement was the recognition of the fundamental human rights of the people to win freedom equality equality etc .
The problems of minorities accentuated the need for a formal declaration of certain fundamental rights in the text of the Constitution itself.
Broadly speaking the fundamental rights incorporated in Part III of the Constitution are those which cannot exceed the State .
For example the स्वतंत्रता can be challenged in the Supreme Court or in the High Courts as also in the law को - LRB - वयस्क - RRB - that saves a person from his freedom .
It can be held unconstitutional and invalid unless it is covered by any of the restrictions spelled out in the Constitution itself .
Thus the Constitution also lays down the machinery and mechanism for the enforcement of fundamental rights .
Later he installed such mirrors in the Vadalur Hall as well as in the Siddhi भवन House of Vadalur .
Katha Upanishad says that in the embodied self Brahman can be perceived distinctly as an image in a mirror .
Like a mirror ( see Brahm can be clearly seen ) : within this body in a dream like a dream : in the land of the पितरों पितरों like water in the country of the पितरों earth ( like light and shade ) .
To comprehend the symbol of the body and the body one has to go towards the Upanishads .
The mirror as it ऋसमें with the brightness of the dust cast its shadow over the आत्मा the human being is purified so when he sees the soul in its clear vision and is rid of the available aim .
When after gaining the knowledge of the Brahman is able to distinguish it through the soul which is free from the knowledge of the one self free from all shackles .
( उपनिषद ) The most perfect expression of the nature of the ब्रहम Upanishad ' the व्यक्तिगत Reality ' is beyond the perfect तत्व experience of the universe , out of all the personal आवरणों of all epithets - and की .
समुद्र Gordon पैटरसन and his team here have been studying the deep sea to understand its biology and understand how changes in the environment affect this unexplored environment group .
A hostile habitat
The deep sea with temperatures not of light and great pressure is an alien abode to us .
We can expect the life of only a few species there .
When Gordon and his colleagues collected samples from the ocean floor they were amazed by the diversity of animal species there - a diversity that rivals anything found on land and in shallow water .
How do so many species survive in such an adverse environment ?
One can explain this amazing diversity - by principle that constant changes in the environment maintains this diversity .
Constant environments tend to lead to the existence of dominant species of organisms which are not large in number and decrease in diversity .
However in the deep sea the environment is not firm ; in the deep sea the storms the , and the fall of food from above the life - long creatures living in the region are usually restless .
How do scientists use and test theories to discover and understand the natural world ?
That Subramanya Bharati the first poet of the present era follows the pioneer - LRB - रामलिंग - RRB - will be clear to any student who studies them in पढे .
In short Ramalinga was the harbinger of the modern Tamil Renaissance of which the voice was Subramanya Bharati .
The couple of Ramalinga could be equated with the Gandhi - Nehru or the Ramakrishna - Vivekananda pair .
The quality of Ramalinga ' s poetry is well described in this tribute to his disciple : Velayuda Mudaliar .
In Indian tradition the threads of history and legend fact and myth are inextricably blended with the complexity of the saying where the one ends and the other begins.
And so when we trace the genealogy of even such a remarkable family as the Tagores we are soon lost in the mists of popular tradition and family lore through which we have to pick our way पारिवारिक backwards.
By the middle of the eighth century after a political upheaval and social transition Bengal had become a powerful Hindu Empire .
The progeny of these five Brahmins whose names are still received with great respect since then the new racial aristocracy of Bengal has continued to be remembered .
Historians have little to say of this interesting and elaborate child - use which had made the modern Bengal of the country and is even today in the same form .
However ब्राह्मणों was one of the five Brahmins who belonged to the ancestor of the Tagores .
History is full of है events .
At the end of the 12th century Bengal was overrun by पश्चिम - Afghans from the west and in course of time came to be ruled as a province of the Muslim Emperor in Delhi .
Many Hindus because of Shakti or by the new masters have joined the power .
Two of his trusted officers were the Brahmin brothers - and Jayadev descendants in direct line after many generations and vicissitudes थे by history of the legendary house whose ancestors and घराने were men .
And one day पीर the story कामदेव the observance of the fast of Ramzan when he found Pir Ali Khan smell a lemon पीर remarked According to his धर्म पीर " Just as the food is half - eating.
You have therefore violated your fast. "
Pir Ali Khan said nothing but having been born a Hindu the words rankled in his mind .
A few days later he invited the Brahmin brothers with many other Hindus and सभा to a music gathering at सूबेदार Governors ' s सूबेदार .
The audience who was listening to the music of the hall was seated in a room next to it a choice Muslim dishes which included beef .
As they reached the side of the महक chamber the Hindus were annoyed and Pir Ali Khan जोडा and merged himself with your Religion as it was and if you had nothing to eat half the food you had already खाना
Having lost the " purity of caste the family found it difficult to live in a community which gave it little quarter.
The predicament was particularly बदतर when it came to finding suitable husbands for the girls .
So every member of the family had to leave the house of his ancestral stock and wandering from place to place in search of a suitable match for himself and husbands .
He would be a bold Brahmin who accepted the daughter of the family .
Such a bold fellow was one Jagannath जयदेव who married a niece of the ill - fated brothers जयदेव and Jayadev whose निर्बंध jest had caused all the troubles .
कुशारि had to pay a heavy price for this temerity for he too was obliged to leave his home .
It is said that the male child of this bold and rash man had founded the Tagore family .
His name was Panchanan का .
प्रवास and social persecution had made the descendants defiant and ambitious .
Having lost the pride of caste they lost their fear too for not much else was left to lose.
Since they could not be more holy they decided to be more human and seek the favours of all the good things that life and times had made possible .
There were talk all over the country about whom never had been heard before .
White men from across the seas had opened a factory and trading centre on the banks of the holy Ganges and their power and prestige was so great that even the Muslim rulers thought it prudent to maintain good relations with them .
So Panchanan and his uncle Sukhdev left home in the last decade of the 17th century as their forefathers had left home and settled down in a village called गंगा on the bank of the Ganges not far from the British habitat .
थी was a small slum in , fishermen and their inhabitants were some of the so - called जाति .
Seeing a Brahmin family settle in their midst they felt elated and gave the uncle and his nephew all the honour due to their caste.
Even today it is a custom that people address these Brahmins as ठाकुर .
Later he had a lucrative occupation in supplying provisions to the foreign ships that sailed up the river road .
The British and other foreigners had thus ample opportunities of dealing with him and naturally assumed as most foreigners would still do that Thakur was Panchanan ' s surname or family name .
So they referred to him as Mr Thakur and unable to articulate the unfamiliar name pronounced it as ' Tagore.
Its fortunes were from the beginning linked with the rise of the British power in India .
As this power increased trade and commerce all the originally fishermen ' s villages became gradually shifted to the town of कलकत्ता and कलकत्ता Calcutta .
The family fortune reached its peak in the life and career of Dwarkanath Tagore .
Born in सन् Dwarkanath was only thirteen years old when his father died .
द्वारकानाथ versatile and enterprising he was a romantic figure who in an earlier age would have carved out a kingdom for himself and become a prince .
Though the people with their राजसी and heart - letting tendency to donate them were addressed as " प्रिंस .
His extensive business covered many fields : indigo factories शोरा शोरा sugar कोयला tea कोयला collieries etc .
At home in the joint - family the orthodox and traditional ways of living were the Puja - worship of the deity or the इष्टदेव - इष्टदेव in the morning .
But outside the house in the midst of the घर of its tall and colourful आगंतुकों - कक्षों houses its elders and its visitors greeted with शराब शराब and पेशेवर with their पेशेवर खुशबूदार .
This area known as the इलाका of Calcutta where the ancestral house of the Tagores still stands now in the midst of education ; not only the grateful nation ' s monument to Dwarkanath .
There is no longer the stately edifice which Dwarkanath had built on the adjoining land where he entertained friends and guests and all the leading lions of the then ruling society of Calcutta .
No less lavish and extravagant were his की .
Citizenship In keeping with their aim of building an integrated Indian fraternity and a united nation the founding fathers provided for a single citizenship despite the federal structure of the Union .
Unlike in the United States there has been no separate citizenship for the Union and the States and all citizens across the country have been covered with all the rights without distinction - only the Kashmir State - LRB - tribal areas - RRB - where certain safeguards are provided .
The 42nd Amendment to the Constitution inter alia added a new Part to the Constitution under the head Fundamental Duties " .
In fact no right can be without corresponding duties and rights of citizens have no meaning without respect for the political obligations of the citizens towards the state .
An independent judiciary has been set up in the Constitution of India .
The High Courts and the Supreme Court form a single integrated judicial structure with jurisdiction over all laws Union - LRB - Union - RRB - State Civil Criminal or constitutional laws .
As in the case of the United States there are no separate federal and State court systems .
It is not only विवादों disputes and functions as the custodian of individual rights and freedoms but it can be expected from time to time to निर्वचन the Constitution and to विधान it for the validity of any law in the context of the Constitution .
The judgement of the Supreme Court is the final law of the country .
From his sick bed Amal watches the procession of life in the street outside and longs to participate in it .
The village postman लाकर assures him that he will bring him a letter from the king .
Death brings deliverance and innocent faith its final gift .
But the child Rabi was more robust than Amal and survived the neglect of his parents and the tyranny of the servants .
It was a common jingle in Bengali ; वृष्टि the rain वर्षा the leaf वर्षा ; but to the boy it was the first revelation of the magic of poetry the first song of the Arch Poet as he described it later .
" Whenever the joy of that day comes back to me but even now I realise why rhyme is so needful in poetry .
Because of this the words come to a standstill and do not end; the utterance is over but not its कान and the ear and the mind can go on and on with their game of tossing the rhyme to each other .
Thus did the rain patter and the leaves quiver again and again the वर्षा day in my consciousness . "
The Supreme Court also functions as the arbiter of any disputes in regard to jurisdiction and distribution of powers between the States or between the Union and the States .
The Constitution of India is one of the most comprehensive documents .
It is unique in many ways .
It cannot be fitted in any particular mould pattern or model .
It is a blend of the rigid and the flexible federal and unitary और and presidential and parliamentary styles .
It attempts a balance between the fundamental rights of the individual on the one hand and the socio - economic interests of the people on the other .
Moreover it presents a via media between the principles of parliamentary sovereignty and judicial supremacy.
While many Constitutions of nations framed after the Second World War have been abandoned our Constitution has successfully faced many crises and alive .
This itself is evidence of its resilience dynamism and growth potential .
The Preamble the Preamble the Preamble the Preamble the Preamble to the Constitution is expected to embody the fundamental values and the philosophy on which the Constitution is based and the aims and objectives sought to be reached by the founding fathers of the Constitution .
A tutor was engaged to teach him elementary reading and writing at home but the arrangement came to a premature death .
When the child found that his elder brother and sister were going to school in a carriage they बैठकर to get the facility and started shouting .
The exasperated tutor gave him a resounding slap and said " You 're crying to go to school now; you' ll have to cry a lot more to be let off later. "
The child . his insistence but later found that none of them had ever expected a real prophecy .
The first school he thus went to school was called ओरियंटल .
What he learnt there he did not remember much but it was a great influence on his nice and subtle ways of punishment while practising the children .
My only consolation was that I had not the power to कार्रवाई these प्राणी on any प्राणी creature. "
Soon after Rabi was admitted to the Normal School when he was seven years old and the school was conducted in line with the British system of education .
His companion - in - law called the child an easy phenomenon and when he recited his poetry he विलाप himself for the fact that a तैराक goes on to break a lotus and लहरों his hands .
Although the child had little ममता with her father and a mother' s care : it did n ' t run कोताही .
The whole day was full of lessons .
He was जगा up in the dark and was से by a काने पहलवान for the practice of wrestling .
Hardly was the wrestling bout over and the dust removed for the body when a Student from the Medical College arrived and अस्थि about the ' अस्थि ' .
There was already a male skeleton hung on the wall of the room and the children were told to learn by the names of the various bones in Latin by means of their हड्डियों - हड्डियों stories of the skeleton .
At seven in the morning the गणित tutor came and slate in hand the boy had to work out problems in arithmetic algebra and geometry .
Sometimes the lesson of natural science is also prepared - LRB - which may be used in small doses .
" It was something in a tone of his voice as to what he wanted and the boy moved his head in his reply as usual " .
And this proposal is not repeated again .
My constitution was so सेहत sound that even when the most urgent need arose for avoiding school I could never make myself ill by fair means or wrong .
He will save not only food bills but doctor ' s bills .
The reputation reached the ear of the teacher in the Normal School who one day sent for little Rabi and ordered him to write a poem of moral ideals .
The child after making its structure came to him the next day with his poems was told to read it before the whole class .
The only praiseworthy thing about this moral poem was that it soon got lost . "
Its moral effect on the class was far from moral.
His father sent him to ask that if he wanted he would take him along to the Himalayas .
The next few days were in great excitement .
For the first time a full suit of clothes was ordered for him including a gold embroidered velvet cap.
And so one day , with a full - fledged son accompanied his father and left for his first adventures in his life .
His first halt was Santiniketan now known internationally as the seat of such well - known education as the world Bharati seat in the then unknown place .
The boy himself knew that the spot he had come to travel would be intimately linked with his life and would be known the world over as his best creative experiment centre .
Its history is almost coeval with that of Tagore .
As the sun sets in the evening they found themselves in an open and spacious place where lush green and पश्चिमी rose from the western horizon and from there to the distant sun there was nothing but a thin line of jungle date .
The Maharshi did not blame or chide the child for this .
It was in this place where under a coconut betel leaf Rabi wrote his first verse drama entitled प्रेम - पृथ्वीराज a historical theme dealing with the heroic theme of Delhi the last great Hindu king .
In a humorous note the author मृत्यु in his martial spirit though the composition itself was शिकार by his premature death .
From Santiniketan the father - in - law reached the holy city of the Sikhs and after passing through several places on the way to Amritsar where he attained a halt .
The Maharshi was an admirer of the Sikh faith and went daily to visit the golden temple accompanied by his son and often joined in the community singing of the hymns.
This early training in reverence for other religions helped to broaden the child ' s sympathies which were later to attain such wide dimensions .
It was April.
Their destination was Dalhousie डलहौजी who had settled at an altitude of seven thousand above the sea - level and had few बंगले .
Justice is defined as social justice economic and political justice .
In fact the essential सहगामी of a truly democratic order are the essential सहगामी of a real democratic order ; and therefore they speak only of the democratic Republic .
The words of great and noble are used in the Preamble of our Constitution .
They embody the highest values that human intellect and commonsense have been able to devise thus far.
Where the words were found to be vague or their meaning was unclear help of the Preamble could be taken to understand the intention of the framers and find out whether a particular word was used in a wide or narrow reference .
It was indeed a great honour in that Puranic region and with the fabulous Maharshi that the boy had suddenly risen in his family status .
The शासन regime was at an end .
He was now welcome in the inner apartments where the proud mother was only too glad to show her young prodigy to the other ladies who were all eager to listen to his adventures.
The inner apartments had become the more alluring ever since the new bride had entered its portals " With her slender fingers laid on her legs of gold the mighty brother of रवि रवि .
She was only a little older than Rabi who wanted to be his wife .
" I moved around her - with a certain distance - and I never dared to go near her . "
She who came from outside to become one of them who was unknown and yet their own attracted him strangely and yearned to make friends with him .
But as soon as he drew near it his youngest sister might have burst upon him : " What has happened to you : " Let us from here and there was this insult of disappointment as it मुंह .
The unwelcome intruder had suddenly become an interesting visitor.
Now each of these was curious to hear interesting stories of his visit and the little lover has no hesitation in जोडकर the plot of his or her circle of friends with some of them even more coloured .
These teachers soon found it difficult to transport the horse to the water .
The Bengali tutor soon discovered an effective way of dealing with the truant student .
Having read a couple of scenes from Macbeth with मैकबेथ he would lock him up in a room and set the prisoner free only after the latter had rendered in Bengali verse the scenes previously read .
Thus the whole play was rendered into Bengali verse the first offering of a rising poet to the great English dramatist .
Unfortunately the manuscript has not been discovered ; only the first portion of the translation of the पांडुलिपि Scene published seven years later in 1880 in Bharati ' s 1880 Bharati ' is available .
The dramas were written and acted inside the house and music was in the air.
Whatever the book might have happened at his hands he broke it like a लोगों and looked at the compositions and conversations of his elders.
As a part of the mentality of the intellectuals and the ज्वार tide of nationalism was ज्वार and he called himself as the सांस्कृतिक राजनैतिक राजनैतिक which was first called the Indian National Mela the कांग्रेस year 1867 .
Like other progressive movements of Bengal of that period this too had been sponsored by the Tagore family .
In February 1876 young Rabi aged fourteen recited a patriotic poem at this annual festival .
It was published in the Amrita Bazar Patrika then an Anglo - Bengali weekly .
It was not only Rabi ' s first public appearance but also the first occasion when his name appeared in print over his poetry .
Encouraged by the success he repeated the triumph by reciting another poem " he said " प्रकृतिर .
Thus there grew up between the motherless boy and this childless lady a warm affection and friendship which satisfied and sublimated the pent - up chaotic किशोरावस्था of his adolescence and warmed his wayward genius into सौहार्द्र .
Kadambari also provided her emotional patronage and shade - अनुशासन which she needed most at that age ; her husband रवि influenced her vague and misleading talents early and direction .
Himself at the peak of his creative powers Jyotirindranath took young Rabi under his wing and made him an apprentice in the workshop of his genius.
He would rouse the tune of the songs and ask Rabi to sing ; he would sing new songs and encourage his younger brother not only to निखार it but also to read out the first forms of his drama .
Whatever freedom of expression be intellectual discussions or literary creation - he never comes across the gap between his own and his younger brother Rabi .
This healthy and stimulating companionship enabled Rabi to shake off the diffidence which the repressed years of his infancy had given him .
As far as I can truly say of myself I had only a little hint of my freedom and had the means of fulfilling these शरारतों .
I have never been able to make my own anything which they could compel me to swallow by getting hold of me physically or mentally by the ears.
In राज्य Singh v. state of Rajasthan Justice Mad - न्यायमूर्ति said that the Preamble had the stamp of the deeper thoughts and had a characteristic stamp of the framers of the Constitution .
The earlier Supreme Court opinion regarding the Preamble not being a part of the Constitution perhaps needed है .
It was felt that the intention conveyed by the framers of the Constitution through the Preamble was to be borne in mind .
In Golak Nath v. State of Punjab . न्यायमूर्ति Justice किया observed that the Preamble to the Constitution was a का on which the government was to function .
As in later case of भवन Bhavan v. State of Mysore ( AIR 1970 ) the Supreme Court held : the Directive Principles and the Fundamental Rights also could be better understood in the light of the prestigious objectives in the Preamble .
In the matter of procedure it appears that the Supreme Court did not notice the fact that the Preamble of the Act was not argued or cast in the Houses of legislatures on any other part of the Constitution . But even the Preamble to the Constitution .
Justice Sikri said that the legislative history of the Preamble to the Constitution justified its importance .
Thus under the warmth of affection and encouragement the fountain of रवि s poetic exuberance was released.
He was now fourteen and his first long narrative poem in eight cantos running to over 1600 lines was published in में .
Like Sakuntala her संगी were the wild plants and denizens of the forest and like Miranda she had not set her eyes on any human being save her father .
The father dies and she is left an orphan है there is no मृत्यु ( ढाढस ) .
A young traveller passes by and struck by her loveliness and her plight takes her home with him and marries her .
At the same time he finds it difficult for him to be in tune with the traditions of society : , and he pines for his beloved forest in the hills .
She is however greatly attracted by her husband ' s friend नीरद a young poet and in her innocence confesses her love for him .
Though प्यार is also secretly in love with him he is shocked by his frank स्वीकारोक्ति and goes away with rage and ठोकर her husband Kamala ' s only husband who suspects him of करने his wife .
Kamala is heart - broken at this murder and leaving her husband and home keeps vigil by the dead body of कमला .
But having known human love she is unable to find peace in solitude and finally jumps from a snowy peak into the river below.
The waves like a mother ' s arms take back the child to its bosom.
Its aim was the political liberation of India and the design was based on the राजनैतिक of India .
Its sittings were held in a Calcutta lane in a broken street and all the activity was shrouded in mystery .
The mystery was its only claim to be awe - inspiring for as in the deliberations and activities there was nothing new in that making the Government or people fearful . "
Jyotirindranath was धुन romantic and his fertile imagination lured him to incredible adventures sometimes with और consequences.
While he met with his destiny in the past he helped to stimulate his brother ' s many - sided interests and most of them was his passionate commitment to the freedom of his country .
At the same time a terrible famine raged over the land and numberless skeletons haunted the villages .
This ghastly contrast was the theme of a satirical poem written by Rabi and read on the occasion of the Hindu Mela of that year .
This magazine had given a new orientation to Bengali literature .
Young Rabi had now a family forum at his disposal though he needed little incentive .
Rabi ' s first story रवि a unfinished novel करुणा . . a historical play written in The पाश्चात्य . . . a long narrative poem by the poet रवि in his old style a collection of poems and a series of essays on the pen - language .
Out of his mature परिपक्व he threw away most of these परिपक्व with worse निर्ममता and said " There was nothing in my mind that was hot steam and all वाष्प drying it up all घेर and the black को भंवर .
When no form was evolved there was the थी of movement a bit of दिग्भ्रमित a ऊपर that rose up into bits and pieces. "
He did this unpleasant self - sacrifice when he had already acquired mastery over word deed and form and therefore was प्रति about his early efforts which he felt at once स्वामित्व .
But there are many forms of composition which were not so empty of their internal quality at the same time very interesting in which they have a clear picture of the vague mind but of the old बंगाल of Bengal .
Then he realises that he had never ceased to love her and that it was the love he had wandered about for which he had been looking for .
However the delay is too late .
Nalini dies and the poet is left to प्रेम on universal love.
This long poem उदगार उदगार throws on Rabi the inevitable impact of the study of the English - educated poets and in this period he wrote the second work of Dr Singh भानु ' s ठाकुर ' which was a collection of miscellaneous compositions .
The three literary influences on the poetic development of Rabindranath may be said to have been : gradually they were the products of Sanskrit literature the वैष्णव of medieval Vaishnav poetry and of Western literature .
As the confluence of three rivers makes the spot sacred in India so these three diverse streams met and mingled and made Rabindranath ' s poetry what it felt .
वैष्णव Padavali bears witness to the impact of Vaishnav religious poetry on this boy poet .
It is difficult to say that in spite of its general trend against symbolism based on the worship of a human god he could not understand its communal performance - a feeling of बीच with which a reactions based on the belief in the gods was spontaneously evolved .
Although the basic elements were not precisely defined those mentioned in the Preamble were specifically mentioned .
Thus यह it has now been held that the basic elements or features of the Constitution covered in the Preamble cannot be altered by any amendment under article 368 .
But even though the Preamble is now taken to be an inviolable part of the Constitution it still remains a fact that it is neither a source of any power nor a limitation of it .
First asserted in the थी case .
During the Emergency the Forty - Second Constitution Amendment Act of 1976 1976 added to the Preamble the words' socialist 'and' secular पंथ .
Also the unity and integrity of the nation instead of words were enshrined .
The only place from where the residence of sovereignty and the source of the Constitution itself can be ascertained is the Preamble .
The words' We the People of India reminding us of the opening words of the Preamble to the American Constitution .
It was sought to be stressed that our nation was one and that our Constitution was one and our polity was one .
In the United States and Australia where sovereignty is divided between the Union or the Commonwealth and the States each being sovereign in the area left by the Constitution .
The Union can override the States in national interest during emergencies.
Even during normal times it can invade the States' sphere by कानून on subjects in the State list under article 249 .
But our founding fathers at the very outset provided for the अनश्वरता of the Union and for States having no right to secede from the Union .
When species are eradicated from an area of the समुद्रतल species there are species living in the रहने region .
This constant change has led to very few species on the समुद्रतल .
Being so hard to study the theories of the समुद्री समुद्रतल are hard to test .
But the समुद्री समुद्री theory is still the best of the theories propounded by which the समुद्री can explain the concept of life found on the समुद्रतल .
Huge plant diversity
Coral reefs pine मैदान lowland वन and dripping cloud forests are some of the different environmental conditions in the मेसोअमेरिका area .
Convention on Biological Diversity
The , रायो Summit in 1992 dedicated to the preservation of our precious biological diversity after the जैव जैव meaning the Summit .
It puts an obligation on national governments to protect the natural wealth belonging to the region .
In the मामलों Bharti and Minerva Mills cases secularism came to be mentioned as a basic feature .
Besides it was inherent in the guarantee of freedom of religion as a fundamental right .
The Constitution ( 45वां Amendment ) Bill sought to lay down that secular and democratic character of the Constitution would be considered as one of the basic features of the Constitution .
However before the Bill was enacted as the 44th Amendment the list of basic features was dropped.
In Shah Bano ' s case the कानून of law - makers fell under the pressure of the orthodox Muslims and it was brought to the notice of creation of equal justice for secularism or for all that the totally contrary to the constitutional motive of marriage ( मुस्लिम ) .
In any case the only enforceable interpretation of the term 'secular' in Indian Constitutional Law now would be what can be said of the different provisions of the Constitution - e. g. articles 14 14 15 जो 19 25 and 28 .
The preamble itself even in its original के form includes inter alia the freedom of की faith की faith and worship .
The minorities thus exercised power directly in deciding matters of State and this kind of polity could be called direct popular democracy .
In this case both legal and political sovereignty could be said to vest in the people .
But with the gradual increase in the size and population of the political units and ultimately with the advent of the modern nation - states it became impossible to arrange for the people to assemble at a place to discuss matters of State and arrive at decisions smoothly.
Besides the process of making parliamentary laws and the administration of the State became more complex .
All forms of direct democracy therefore soon became practically extinct from all over the world .
There may be a few अंतर्राष्ट्रीय on very important international issues .
Besides in the आयरलैंड of some countries ( such as France आयरलैंड Ireland आयरलैंड Japan and Switzerland ) there are provisions which include संविधान for constitutional amendment .
Modern democracy thus has of necessity to be indirect representative democracy शासन government is carried on and laws are made by the elected representatives of the people .
Thus a democratic polity becomes one of the basic features of our Constitution which cannot be altered by any constitutional amendment there are many variants of democracy which can be considered equally representative and proper .
Political justice means equal share to all citizens in the rights of participation in the political process without any distinction of race caste creed धर्म religion or place of birth .
Article 16 guarantees equality of opportunity in matters of public employment and articles 325 and 326 provide for equal rights to all adults to participate in elections .
Founding fathers like Nehru and Ambedkar were quite clear in their minds that political justice was meaningless without economic justice .
Dr .
Liberty is derived from the Latin word ' लिबर्टी ' .
It means a liberation from bondage from bondage to bondage from slavery to one another or from tyranny .
Article 17 as a fundamental right was directed at abolishing the practice of untouchability which was an affront to human dignity .
Article 32 provided that a person could approach the Supreme Court directly for the enforcement of his fundamental rights and protecting his personal dignity .
Unity and Integrity of the Nation The dignity of the individual can be preserved only if there is a nation building and its unity and integrity are safe .
It is only through a spirit of common brotherhood and fraternity that we can hope to build national unity in a highly pluralistic and heterogenous society .
Moreover without the unity and integrity of the colonial nation we cannot succeed in our efforts at economic development and could not hope to preserve either democracy or the freedom of the country and the honour of the people .
So under Article 51 ( a ) the duty of all citizens has been made to protect and preserve the sovereignty unity and integrity of India .
At least in matters which involve threat to the unity and integrity of the nation it is expected of every citizen to forget all differences and rise above all considerations of self - interest .
If this does not happen the task of nation - building becomes impossible .
The analysis of the various concepts and terms in the Preamble shows that the noble words of our Preamble represent the quintessence the philosophy the आत्मा the ideals and the soul of the entire Constitution of India .
Other parts and provisions of the Constitution are only an elaboration and an attempt to give concrete shape content and meaning to the words of the Preamble .
Q . How do scientists name new species ?
How does it harmonise our present knowledge of the natural world ?
What is the Darwin Centre ?
What changes in the future ?
- sick specimens need constant care - how do we look after them ?
Collecting & society
Why are these collections kept in this Museum ?
How do we collect and study specimens ?
How do researchers carry out their scientific studies ?
Specimens & knowledge
Our collections contain over 60 million specimens from the living world - what are they ?
What research do we do in इंग्रहालय ?
How does it benefit the world ?
The Constitution of a country lays down the basic structure of the political system under which the people are subject .
It establishes the main organs of the state such as the legislature the executive and the judiciary defines their powers . their responsibilities and regulates their relationships with each other and with the people .
In a democracy sovereignty vests in the people .
But with the growing complexities of parliamentary administration and the growing size of the nation - states direct democracy was no longer possible .
In the modern representative democracies people decide how to administer it and who it should .
Clauses 3 ( 3 ) of article 15 and ( 4 ) have an exception to the general principles of non - discrimination .
They respectively empower the state to make special provisions for women and children and for the advancement of any socially and educationally backward classes of citizens or for the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes .
( See Abdul Aziz v. State of Bombay AIR 1954 SC ; ) ; मद्रास v. State of Madras v. युसुफ ( AIR 1951 SC 226 ) .
However in spite of the special provisions of the article . it has been held that the general prohibition under article 14 would apply to such cases as would make special provisions to the State that they should not be arbitrary or unreasonable .
As the Supreme Court has decided the caste of a person cannot be the sole mechanism to determine whether a particular class is backward or not the only caste of an individual .
In the case of Chitralekha ( Mysore AIR 1964 SC 1823 ) he decided that although caste was a relevant reason for being able to ensure the backwardness of a class of people it was not something which would prevent the people from deciding .
The validity of any reservation could therefore be tested on whether it was based on any rational and relevant considerations ?
Thus many eligible candidates will be frustrated .
The validity of any reservation could therefore be tested on whether it was based on any rational and relevant considerations ?
He observed that these were instances of socially and educationally backward - class citizens .
It held that reservation for 80 per cent of the state ' s population which was in' rural जो could not be a homogenous class by itself .
Mysore AIR 1971 SC 1971 ) .
It declared that more than 50 per cent reservation of posts in a single year would be unconstitutional as it per se destroyed article 16 ( 1 ) .
The Mandal Commission had in its report recommended 27 per cent reservation for backward classes in view of the limit of 50 per cent imposed by the Supreme Court .
It is not fair to reservations in higher posts like those of professors in education pilots in Airlines Scientists and technicians in nuclear and space applications etc .
The fourth exception to the general rule of equality of opportunity in public planning is made in clauses ( 5 of article 16 ) which lays down the law to regulate any particular member or member of the functions of a religious or communal body .
Article 17 abolished untouchability and forbids its practice in any form .
If practised it shall be treated as an offence punishable in law .
This article aims at abolishing the inhuman practice of treating certain fellow human beings as dirty and untouchable by virtue of their birth in certain castes .
( People Union for Democratic Rights v. Union of India AIR 1982 SC 1982 ) .
At the same time it is the bounden duty of every citizen to ensure that untouchability is not practised in any form .
The Untouchability ( Offences ) Act 1955 दंड later published as the Protection of Civil Rights Act 1955 provided for punishment of offenders.
Abolition of titles.
An exemption has however been made in the case of Military and academic distinction .
Under clause 2 of the article . A citizen of India has also been prohibited from accepting any title from a foreign State .
Clause 3 ) provides that a foreigner holding any office of profit or trust under the State could not accept any title from a foreign State without the consent of the President .
And under clause ( 4 ) no person holding any office of profit or trust under the State shall without the consent of the President accept any gift or office in any form from or under any foreign State .
A question has been raised is that the Republic Day for outstanding meritorious service should be conferred by the President on the civil titles conferred by him असैनिक असैनिक and असैनिक by the President for years on him and not by the exclusion of article 18 of the Constitution ?
No awards were announced for many years on account of the Adjournment Orders of the Supreme Court .
( State of West Bengal v. Subodh Gopal Bose AIR 1954 SC 92 95 ) .
However the courts have not regarded these freedoms as a whole - heartedly to reap the full enjoyment of the democratic values of a free citizen .
This idea was worked on by the जलवायु and the study of mosquitoes brought out the historical causes of climate change .
Tracking climate change
Their caterpillars of non - biting midges live in fresh water .
When they die they fall to the bottom of the lake and become part of the sediments .
The mud can be radio - carbon dated and Steve can identify the different species of dead bodies using a microscope and comparing them to specimens in our collection .
Every species of flies thrive at a particular temperature .
Thus तापमान can be traced as much the temperature at that period and what species of mosquitoes are found .
In the tropical region rainfall varies from 10 to 30 lakh deaths a year .
We have to control the mosquitoes to prevent malaria .
Limited companies having shareholders own a large number of industries .
There are creditors and depositors and various other persons having dealings with the undertakings .
Nevertheless the State does not need to justify its trade monopoly as a reasonable restriction or in the interest of the general public ( प्रदेश Ahmed v. State of Uttar Pradesh AIR 1954 SC पी ) .
The fact is that if the State House or some citizens have taken up a business in a monopoly of privilege or in competition with a citizen it cannot be questioned under article 19 ( 1 ) .
Protection in Respect of व्यक्तियों for Offences Under article 20 the Constitution keeping in view the protection of the rights of persons accused of offence .
This article has been considered so important that the Forty - fourth Amendment provides that it cannot be suspended even during an Emergency by an order under article 352 .
Thus the Legislature is prohibited to make criminal laws having retrospective effect .
1 ) or any person can not claim this immunity from calling for security by the state of Bihar v. State of Bihar ( AIR 1952 SC 329 ) .
Article 30 has been criticized inter alia on the ground that the right to establish and administer educational institutions of their choice available to the minorities is denied to the majority community .
Moreover since the word minorities have not been defined in the Constitution anywhere and there are advantages of belonging to the minorities some sections of the majority Hindus like the Arya Samaj in पंजाब Punjab started claiming minority status .
In Bengal the Ramakrishna Mission had to declare that it was not Hindu but represented an independent minority religion .
During the various stages of the framing of the Constitution of India in the Constituent Assembly the संपत्ति provisions had proved to be the most controversial and had taxed the संविधान संपत्ति संपत्ति and the spirit of संपत्ति and compromise .
At last a consensus was found which each of the contenders interpreted in his own way .
The consensus was embodied in articles 31 and 19 ( f ) of the Constitution .
Rights to constitutional remedies are meaningful only when they are enforceable and if these are matches they can be treated .
Our Constitution not only guarantees certain fundamental rights but under article 32 ; it also guarantees the right to move the highest court in the country by appropriate proceedings for the enforcement of the fundamental rights .
The Supreme Court may issue writs in the nature of habeas corpus mandamus prohibition quo है and बंदी .
Parliament may empower any other courts also to exercise these rights .
The right guaranteed by article 32 cannot be suspended except as provided by the Constitution .
As during the proclamation of Emergency ) ( except in Article 20 and 21 ) the right to go to the court to enforce any fundamental right shall be suspended under articles 359 and ii of legislative power ( article 352 ) .
Where the suspension of fundamental rights is protected by the Constitution ( article 32 ) will not apply ( राज्य v. State of Punjab AIR 1964 SC 131 ) ) .
The Supreme Court held that this right could not be taken away by amending the Constitution as it was the basic feature of the Constitution ( Fertilizer Corporation of India v. Union of India AIR 1981 SC 344 ) .
Dr . at the time of framing the Constitution .
Ambedkar described this provision as the very soul and heart of the Constitution .
Only the fundamental rights guaranteed by the Constitution can be enforced under article 32 .
Since right to constitutional remedy under article 32 is itself a fundamental right the Supreme Court cannot refuse relief for violation of a substantive fundamental right .
Article 226 grants powers to the High Courts also to issue various writs .
But the Supreme Court has held that where relief under Article 226 is available through the High Court the High Court must first be approached by the High Court ( गुजरात v. State of Gujarat AIR 1987 SC अनुतोष ) .
Under article 34 Parliament may by law indemnify any person for anything done in contravention of fundamental rights for maintenance of order during the operation of martial law .
The Directive Principles of State Policy embodied in Part IV are a unique feature of our Constitution .
In addition to the आयरलैंड constitution of Ireland the basic inspiration for the chapter of the Indo - Japanese Directive Principles came from the concept of कल्याणकारी Bharti v. State of Kerala AIR 1973 SC 146 ) .
While seeking to protect the basic rights of the individual the framers of the Constitution also wanted it to become an effective instrument for social revolution .
Article 41 provides that the State shall within the limits of its economic strength and development to secure in - service education and to provide for effective protection to public assistance in cases of unemployment old age sickness and other disabilities .
Articles 42 and 43 provide for endeavouring to secure for workers a living wage humane conditions of work maternity relief a decent standard of life and full enjoyment of leisure and social and cultural opportunities .
Articles का and सिविल < s > to encourage children to complete the age of fourteen ; articles बीच of civil order ( articles 45 ) and State level ( articles 44 ) of the Scheduled Castes and Other राष्ट्रों ( articles 42 ) .
Although the directive of the Directive Principles cannot be taken in court these elements have still been guided by the Union and the State Legislatures in the formulation of social reform laws ; they have received helpful guidelines in their interpretation of the Constitution .
Every other right can be proved to be a usurpation hardly worth fighting .
Gandhiji sought to emphasise the economic and social responsibilities of all citizens .
It was in keeping with his ideas that the Constitution ( Forty - Second Amendment ) Act 1976 1976 added a new Part of the original Parts of Fundamental Rights and the Directive Principles in the Constitution to the tune of three and four .
Bills belonging to certain categories can be introduced and proceeded with only after the recommendation of the President has been obtained ( articles 117 and 274 ( 1 ) .
The dissolution of the Lok Sabha at every time from the first Lok Sabha is done before its expiry .
Once when during the Emergency its period was extended the House was dissolved before the expiry of the extended period .
Qualification for membership of Parliament Article 83 lays down the qualifications for membership of both Houses of Parliament .
He should be at least 30 years of age for membership of Rajya Sabha and not less than 25 years of age for membership of Lok Sabha .
Additional qualifications may be prescribed by law .
For membership : Under article 102 A person shall not be liable to be elected or liable to be elected by any member of either House of Parliament if he / she is not a citizen of India or is disqualified by any foreign State ;
In the case of the State Legislature if the member does not abdicate his position his seat may be declared void in the House of Parliament .
Every provision of the Constitution has to be so construed as to give meaning and relevance to every word used in it .
( Golak Nath v. State of Punjab ( AIR 1967 SC 1643 ) .
It is therefore necessary to know the background and history of any existing and applied Constitution .
The concepts of constitutional rule in ancient India democratic representative institutions the शासन power of the शासकों rulers and of rule of law were not alien to ancient India .
It may also assent to a demand subject to a reduction in the demand .
The demand for any grant will be made on the recommendation of the President ( article 113 ) .
No amendment is permitted which seeks to vary the amount or alter the allocation of any grant head or vary the amount of any charged expenditure .
Appropriation Bill is necessary because no money can be drawn from the Consolidated Fund without parliamentary sanction .
Supplementary or excess grants may be voted separately but the same procedure will apply to them ( articles 114 - 115 ) .
Parliament may by law regulate the procedure for the purpose of timely completion of the financial business ( article 119 ) .
Language of Parliament has been declared in the Constitution to be used in Hindi and English in Parliament .
The Presiding Officers will however place a member who cannot express himself well in Hindi or English or allow his speech to the House in his mother tongue ( articles 120 ) .
It does not and cannot itself rule .
The Council of Ministers may in a sense be described as the grand executive committee of Parliament charged with the responsibility of governance on behalf of the parent body .
Since the members of the Council of Ministers are drawn from Parliament and remains a part of Parliament and responsible to the Lok Sabha their relationship can be said of the same relationship as that of a part .
There is however a clear distinction between the executive and the functions of the Parliament ( article 75 ) .
The Parliament makes laws give suggestions and आलोचना the public grievances .
The function of Parliament is to exercise political and financial control over the Executive and to ensure parliamentary surveillance of administration .
It can only be removed from his post by the President ( by a special majority ) if an address is passed by both the Parliament with a majority of the total number of members of that House and less than four votes of its members .
The Parliament has no right to discuss the conduct of any Judge of the Supreme Court or of any High Court before the President ( article समावेदन ) praying for the removal of a judge .
Parliament may by law provide for the establishment of an administrative tribunal for the Union and a separate administrative tribunal for each State or for two or more States .
The law made under the provision may specify the jurisdiction and powers of the Tribunal .
Such law may exclude the jurisdiction of all courts except the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court under article 136 with respect to certain specified matters ( articles 136 and न्यायालयों ) .
Every House has the Presiding Officer or any officer or a member of Parliament to regulate temporarily the procedure or conduct of business and the powers to enforce the decision of any House of Parliament ( b ) and not subject to the exercise of these powers ) .
The constitutional validity of a law can be challenged in India on the ground that the content of the Constitution cannot be appealed against the judgement of the Supreme Court .
It remains the law of the country till its interpretation is reviewed or reversed by the Supreme Court itself or the law or the Constitution is suitably amended .
If an Act of Parliament is set aside by the judiciary the Parliament can re - enact it after removing the defects for which it was set aside .
The Constitution ( 44th Amendment ) Act 1985 1985 which is commonly known as Anti - दलबदल Law has been the subject of a controversy since the very beginning .
Several writ petitions challenging the validity and constitutionality of the 1985 enactment were also filed in the Supreme Court and various High Courts .
The Supreme Court on the request of the Government withdrew and transferred to itself all the writ petitions pending before various High Courts .
The Speaker disqualified four of the 20 members on the ground of voluntarily सचेतक their party whip.
But the disqualification was to have only prospective effect from the date of the order .
He suggested that the task of determining disqualification of members under the Tenth Schedule could better be entrusted to the judges .
The Tenth Schedule defines the " Legislature Party " and the " original political party " in both conditions : " but unfortunately the fact that ' s not defined the " political party " .
It is necessary to define " the political party " and to lay down the conditions of its recognition for the purposes of the anti - दलबदल law .
The provisions of the Judiciary of India Articles 124 - 147 and 237 - संबंधी are contained in Chapter V of the Union ' s Judiciary and i - Section 5 of the States under the High Courts of States and 6 Courts under the title राज्यों .
It is however important to emphasize that unlike other federal systems for example that of the United States we do not have separate अधिक्रम of federal and State courts .
The jurisdiction of the Supreme Court may also be excluded in certain other matters e. g. inter - State water disputes ( article 262 ) जल to the Finance Commission ( articles 290 खर्चों ) and certain expenses between the Union and the States .
Recovery of damages from the Government of India cannot be claimed by a State before the Supreme Court under article 131 .
Moreover a dispute to be so brought before the Supreme Court must involve a question whether of law or fact on which the existence or extent of a legal right depends upon .
Under the new article 139 inserted by the 44th Amendment in 1978 the Supreme Court may transfer to itself cases from one or more High Courts ; if these involve questions of law or of great importance .
The Supreme Court also transfers cases from one High Court to another in the interest of justice .
The original jurisdiction of the Supreme Court also extends to cases of violation of fundamental rights of individuals and the Court may issue several writs ( writ ) for the enforcement of these rights .
It is a unique feature of our Constitution that in principle any individual can straightaway approach the highest court in case of violation of his fundamental rights .
The appellate jurisdiction of the Supreme Court extends to civil criminal and constitutional matters .
Taking advantage of the weakening central authority के the disintegration of the Mughal Empire and the circumstances of the national system after Aurangzeb ' s death ( औरंगजेब ) the मुगल company gradually emerged as an effective power .
With the victory of the company at the Battle of Plassey in 1757 against Siraj - ud - Nawab of Bengal सिराजुद्दौला it stronger and the foundations of British rule in India were laid .
Judges of the Supreme Court were appointed by the President after consultation with the Chief Justice of India in case of appointment of all judges other than the Chief Justice the Chief Justice of the High Court .
In S . C . Gupta ( Union of India AIR 1982 SC 149 ) it was held that all the three कृत्यकारियों were to be given equal importance in the process of consultation .
To be appointed a High Court judge a person must be a citizen of India enrolled in a judicial office for at least ten years or a high court advocate for ten years .
Judges may be transferred from one High Court to another by the President after consulting the Chief Justice of India .
The President may appoint an acting Chief Justice for a High Court .
The President may appoint additional and executive judges to the High Court if necessary .
On 6 June 1947 at the meeting of the Union Constitution Committee tentatively decided that the Constitution should be a federal structure with a strong Centre and that there should be three exhaustive lists with residuary powers vesting in the Centre .
The Committee unanimous adopted the view that it would not be beneficial to the country that would enable a weak central authority as such authority would not be effective in the way of securing co - ordination in important matters of peace and collective interest and in the international country and not in matters of the manner .
In the context of these developments the Drafting Committee decided in favour of describing India as a Union although its Constitution might be federal .
The emphasis on India being a Union was to convey the fact that it was not the result of a compact or agreement between the constituent units but a declaration by the Constituent Assembly deriving its authority from the people of India .
The Parliament may make laws for the whole or any part of India .
Stamp duties on Bills of Exchange etc and duties of excise on medicinal and toilet preparations mentioned in the Union List shall be levied by the Union but collected and appropriated by the States and form part of their revenues except in the Union Territories ( article के ) .
There are some taxes and duties in the Union List which are levied and collected by the Union but their proceeds are distributed between the Union and the States .
After the formation of the Finance Commission the President ' s order in regard to distribution of proceeds from income tax in view of the recommendations of the Commission will be issued .
Article 273 ( 275 and 282 provide for three kinds of grants - in - aid and the circumstances in which the Union can grant it to the States .
Thus grants may be given by the Union to the States of Assam , Bihar . Orissa बंगाल and West Bengal in lieu of export duty on jute and jute products ( article 273 ) .
Under article 282 the Union or a State may make a grant for any public purpose irrespective of that purpose being outside the legislative jurisdiction of the Union or State concerned .
The Act of 1892 was certainly an improvement over the 1861 Act insofar as it gave an element of representation in the Legislative Council and relaxed to some extent the restrictions on the working of the Council by expanding its functions .
Given this the then Secretary of State for India . Lord Morley and the then Viceroy Lord Minto jointly worked out certain constitutional reform proposals during 1906 - 07 .
These aimed at the expansion of the Legislative Councils and the extension of their powers and functions the appointment of Indian members to the Executive Councils ( where there were not such councils ) to be established and the local self - government system developed .
Article 290 A provides for certain sums to be paid annually to निधियों Funds of Travancore and Tamil Nadu from the Consolidated Funds of these States .
A State may also similarly borrow subject to limits set by the State Legislature .
The Government of India within its borrowing powers may lend to any State or give guarantees in respect of loans raised by the State .
So long as any of such loans remain outstanding the State Government may not raise any further loans without the consent of the Government of India ( article उधार ) .
Things of value within territorial waters or continental shelf and resources of the exclusive economic zone shall vest in the Union ( article महाद्वीपीय ) .
The extension of the executive power of the Union and of each State shall also be on the nature of business or to acquire hold or dispose of property and make contracts subject to any law made by the concerned State Legislature ( article विधानमंडल ) .
This article apparently is an independent or additional source of executive power apart from article 245 .
During the periods of Emergency extraordinary powers were assumed by the Union Government under several laws and Parliament passed the Constitution Amendment .
There was widespread criticism of the misuse of powers during the period of internal Emergency .
In the general elections that followed the Congress - LRB - now under the leadership of Indira Gandhi - RRB - was lost and the Janata Party Government was formed .
Thus exercise of President ' s power under article 356 was brought under judicial review to that extent .
The official language for use as the official language of the Union would be the official language of communication between the States and between the States and the Union .
But two or more States will be left to agree to the use of Hindi for communication between them ( article बीच ) .
Until Parliament by law provides otherwise all proceedings in the Supreme Court and in the High Courts will be in English language .
Besides all Bills amendments . Acts ordinances उपनियमों rules उपनियमों regulations and उपनियमों authoritative texts of the Union and the states would also be in English only .
However the Governor of a State may with the previous consent of the President authorise the use of Hindi language in the proceedings of that High Court or the use of any language used for the official purposes of that State ( articles उच्च उच्च and अंग्रेजी ) .
It has also been stated in the 1963 Acts that in certain cases the State Acts etc . will be rendered into Hindi .
The Act provides for optional use of Hindi or any other official language (for instance if the Governor gets prior consent of the President and an English translation accompanying the judgement etc .
Language of Public Grievances is one of the most important provisions of Article 350 that it empowers not only any citizen but every person to make any communication to the Union or to any authority or authority in the State as the case may be so far .
The present position of the principle of ' underlying features is that unless the decision given in the निर्णय case has no full bench in the Supreme Court may interfere with any of the constitutional amendments to this basis .
He felt that the Parliament had no power to revoke the order to build a welfare State and an egalitarian society ( para संसद ) .
The secular character of the राज्य State could not likewise be done away with ( para के ) .
The same Judge in the Minerva Mills case added the powers of amending the Parliament to the list of the basic elements of the Constitution " judicial review " and a balance between the " Fundamental Rights and the Directive Principles " .
But there is a sense of frustration .
The democracy that the government gives must have the necessary strength and stability for security strategic growth and democracy and those who are expected to govern must remain responsible to the people and their representatives .
Our founding fathers had the उपनिवेशवादी experiences of the arbitrary colonial rule which neither represented the people nor responsive to the needs and aspirations of its people .
The status and functions of these two institutions were different .
The " Committee consisted of a General Assembly or the Lok Sabha and a body of smaller and elected senior bodies सदन the House of which was roughly equivalent to the Upper House in the modern legislatures .
In the Vedic texts there are several indications which suggest that these two bodies were closely related to the activities of the State and had adequate authority , authority राज्य authority and prestige .
It is known that some of the important elements of modern parliamentary public opinion such as free discussions and judgement by the majority could still remain .
The decision by the majority was regarded as ' non - resistance ' as many people met in a meeting and speak there with a voice that voice or the majority cannot be ignored by others . "
Indeed the foundational principle of ancient Indian society was that the government should act not at all with the will of a single individual but with the aid of पार्षदों whose advice was accepted with respectful respect .
The ideal was that the powers of the king were limited by the orders of local customs usages and धर्मशास्त्रों .
The distinction made by the Act in the executive and legislative functions of the Governor - General ' s Council resulted in the inclusion of a fourth or legislative member and the appointment of the distinguished legal Lord Macaulay .
Thus we shall see the seeds of a Legislative Council as distinct from the Executive Council in the 1833 Act though it did not have long been utilised .
The Charter Act of 1853 was the final Charter Act of 1853 which made significant changes in the Governor - General ' s Council .
The Council ' s fourth or legislative member was given equal status as other members by the power to attend and vote at executive meetings .
At the same time the Council was enlarged for legislative purposes by the addition of six special members ( including the head of the legislative पार्षद ) .
Thus in addition to the Governor - General and the Commander - in - Chief the Council set up under the Act of 1853 consisted of twelve members .
When the Council served as a legislative body the discussion was not written but spoken ; the Bill was sent to a member instead of being sent to the Select Committee instead of being confidential and public proceedings were कार्यवाहियों
The new council was not only responsible for making its duty legislation but as amended in its Official रहे report ( published in 1918 ) ; unlike the संसद of the Parliament it समवेत its collective entity.
The Indian Councils Act of 1861 : the object of the Act was to make better arrangements for the constitution of the Council of the Governor - General and for the local government of several States and Provinces .
To give a fair extension of the Governor - General ' s Legislative Council it arranged that it would consist of at least ten or at least sixteen " additional members ; the first such provision was to consist of at least twelve members .
Similarly the number of additional members of the Provincial Legislative Councils was also increased .
The regulations under which additional members of the Councils were nominated laid down that some non - official persons should be nominated on the recommendations of certain recognised bodies or bodies representing particular interests .
The Legislative Council of the Governor - General ( गवर्नर ) or the Indian Legislative Council of India consisted of five more members out of which four were nominated by the non - provincial councils and one by the Calcutta Chamber of Commerce .
Although the term ' election was not deliberately used it recommended by non - official members of the Provincial Council and transferred to the Central Council the accepted ' principle of indirect acceptance of the principle of indirect election .
The members of the Legislative Council were also empowered to ask questions ( विधान ) i . e . from a view to eliciting information on important matters .
The right to this right which is an inherent right of any Legislature has been made very rarely at that time but the right to be secured is a decisive step in the संस्था of a parliamentary institution .
The entry of the elected सदस्यों ushered in a new era in the life of the council .
Broadly speaking the Indian Legislature had no power to amend or repeal any parliamentary law relating to British India or to do anything affecting the authority of the British Parliament .
It was also required under the Act to move to any House in India with the full approval of the Governor - General in - charge of certain important matters .
In addition to the present power of the Legislature to Money passed or to retain a Bill passed by it to the Governor - General in - law for the purpose of securing and protecting the necessary peace of British India or parts of British India .
During Emergency the Governor - General ' s power to promulgate Ordinances for peace and for proper governance of British India .
Similarly in financial matters also where the Assembly was given the power to reject or refuse the acceptance of any grant - in - aid or to pass an acceptance by the Governor - General or a reduction of the amount of demand may be made by the House .
Thus under the 1919 Act the Indian Legislature was an independent body and was powerless before the Executive in all spheres of governmental activities in administrative matters legislative and financial matters .
However with the formation of the Dominion Legislature the task of framing of international legislation was not in the hands of the Governor - General ' s Council .
The body had now to function as a cabinet and submit financial and legislative proposals of the government in the Legislature presided over by non - official " अधिकारी .
The legislative activity increased and many new legislations which gave a lasting advantage to the country were enacted .
Except for certain reserved heads of expenditure the Budget had to be accepted and the government had to face great difficulties in the event of the refusal of supplies and services or rejection of the entire Budget .
The duration of each member of the Rajya Sabha is six years ; as many as one - third of its members retire every second year from the date on which the office of the members are notified by the Government of India .
The Vice - President which is elected by the members of the two Houses of Parliament is the ex - officio Chairman of the Rajya Sabha whereas the Deputy Chairman is elected by the members of the Rajya Sabha from amongst themselves .
Lok Sabha : The other House is the Lok Sabha the Upper House of the People .
It is directly elected by the people .
Every citizen of India - LRB - not below 18 years of age - RRB - is entitled to vote for the Lok Sabha unless he is otherwise disqualified under law .
The Constitution says that not more than one member of the Lok Sabha shall be elected directly from the territorial constituencies in the States and not more than 20 members shall represent the Union Territories chosen in such a manner as Parliament provided by law .
In addition the President may nominate not more than two members to represent the Anglo - Indian community .
There will be no change in the number of seats in the Lok Sabha by 2000 ( articles 81 ) ; Lok Sabha seats in the ratio of population to the Scheduled Castes and the Scheduled Tribes are reserved in the Lok Sabha .
If the Executive has almost unlimited power to formulate legislative and financial proposals and place before the Parliament a formal and acceptance by the Executive without any difficulty being created by the Parliament it is open to the notice of the government and to discuss it .
The Executive and the administration are responsible to the Parliament .
The function of Parliament is to exercise political and financial control over the Executive and to ensure parliamentary surveillance of administration .
Parliament has the power to make laws regulating the constitution structure न्यायालयों organisation the jurisdiction and powers of the courts .
The Constitution laid down that the number of judges other than the Chief Justice would not exceed seven .
Parliament was however empowered to determine by law a large number of judges .
Under this provision Parliament passed the Supreme Court ( Number of Judges ) Act under which the number of other judges was increased to ten and subsequently by various amendments to the Act .
Thus at present the number of judges of the Supreme Court including the Chief Justice is 26 .
Each state has a High Court consisting of the Chief Justice and such other judges as the President may from time to time deem necessary to appoint .
There are many authorities who very legitimately interpret the Constitution almost daily during the discharge of their functions .
The basic function of the Courts is to adjudicate disputes between individuals between individuals and the States between the Union and between the Union and the States and while so adjudicating the Courts may be required to interpret the provisions of the Constitution and the laws .
And the interpretation given by the Supreme Court becomes the law honoured by all Courts of the country .
There is no appeal against the judgement of the Supreme Court .
It remains the law of the land unless its interpretation is reviewed or reversed by the Supreme Court itself or the law or the Constitution is suitably amended by Parliament .
If an Act of Parliament is set aside by the Judiciary the Parliament shall remove the defects committed by it for which it has been set aside which it may again be enacted .
The Parliament of India is not as supreme as the British Parliament where no judicial review of legislation is permitted.
At the same time Judiciary in India is not as supreme as in the United States of America which recognises virtually no limit on the scope of judicial review .
The Parliament of India representing as it does all constitutionally organised shades of public opinion at the national level occupies a very important place in the political system of the country .
It embodies and सार the sovereignty of the people ; it is the voice and mirror of the nation .
Members of Parliament as elected representatives of the people ventilate the people ' s grievances and opinions on various issues scrutinise the functioning of the Government and make laws .
The Parliament functions as the संसद संस्था and watchdog of the nation .
Andhra Pradesh 18 14.
Significant occasions for the review of administration are provided by the discussions on the Motion of Thanks on the President 's Address the Budget demands and particular aspects of governmental policy or situations.
The Parliament gets information from various sources in a variety of ways : but the Government is the largest source of information therefore it has to rely very much on the government departments to its information needs from the Parliament and its members .
Parliament ' s right to be informed is unlimited ; except that if प्रतिकूल of any information is likely to prejudice vital national interest or the security of the State it may not be insisted upon .
As far as the activities of the Government are concerned the Government itself is the duty of the Government to provide complete and accurate information to the Parliament from time to time .
This information is made available by the ministers making statements on the floor of the House laying reports and papers on the Table of the House or in the Parliament Library .
All these constitute a wealth of information which is immediately released and can be used to raise discussions in the House .
The most popular and effective mechanism through which members on their own elicit information is that of asking questions in the Houses of Parliament .
It has been rightly said that during the Question Hour in Parliament a piercing प्रत्येक is thrown in every nook and corner of the vast length and breadth of the administration and nothing fails outside the scrutiny of the Parliament .
मंत्रियों through प्रशासन मंत्रियों asking for information which are so framed as to expose the shortcomings of the administration ; there is a hard examination of the ministers .
से and discussions bring out into the open the underlying tensions and समाज in society .
The Parliament becomes the legitimate arena for international power struggle for गतिविधि of political activity or for acting out the conflicting roles and interests with parliamentary rules and procedures facilitating eventual reconciliation.
Instead of fighting to annihilate each other the लडाई groups agree to disagree and to accommodate or tolerate each other .
In performing this conflict resolution role the parliamentary institution acts as a great national integrator and mediator in change.
In the context of our highly pluralistic society the role of Parliament which resolves and bring unity is particularly important .
Besides the role played by the formal parliamentary forums and parliamentary procedures attention may be drawn to the Central Hall of the Parliament House which is almost an institution in itself .
Here Parliament secret to all parts of the country irrespective of their caste creed region or religion comes formally and discusses the problems that affect the country personally or groups .
It creates feelings of national unity which cannot be produced elsewhere .
Even those who before entering its portals may have some separatist regional or parochial views get cleansed and all feel one? people of one country .
Every citizen who has attained the age of 18 years or more has full voting rights - regardless of his religion religious sex or place .
Besides representatives of the two Houses of Parliament and the legislatures of the Union Parliament the Election Commission is responsible for the high offices of the President and Vice - President of India .
The Election Commission consists of the Chief Election Commissioner and such other Election Commissioners as may be appointed by the President.
In October 1993 two Election Commissioners were appointed and by an ordinance given the same position and status by which the Chief Election Commissioner received .
Moreover the कर Commission was required to act as a body taking decisions unanimously or by majority.
( f ) he is so disqualified on the ground of change .
Besides the above requirements some other provisions have also been laid down in the electoral constituencies .
If under the Public representation Act 1951 1951 if any person was convicted to encourage hostility among the different communities either because of or under the denial of the offence of bribe he was disqualified from promoting or following of untouchability and .
Again a person convicted for any offence and sentenced to imprisonment for not less than two years stands disqualified for a period of five years after his release.
A government servant dismissed for corruption or for कर्मचारी to the state is disqualified for a period of five years from the date of his dismissal .
Rajya Sabha : The Members of the Rajya Sabha represents the people of the States and Union Territories .
They are elected through a system of indirect election and in accordance with the system of proportional representation by means of single transferable vote.
After the motion is agreed to by the Chairman of the Rajya Sabha and the Speaker of the Lok Sabha orders of the President to summon the Houses on the date and time specified are obtained by the Secretaries - General of the two Houses .
They notify the order of the President in the Gazette Extraordinary and issue a Press हैं in the matter.
Thereafter the Secretary - General . भेजते sends to each House .
Normally there are three sessions of Parliament each year namely the Budget Session ( July - May ) the Monsoon Session ( July - September ) and the winter months ( September ) .
In the case of the Rajya Sabha however the Budget Session is split into two sessions with a three to four weeks holiday in between thus resulting in four sessions of a year of the Rajya Sabha .
When the Lok Sabha is summoned to meet for the first time after a General Election the President appoints a member of Lok Sabha as the Speaker pro सभा .
Normally the senior - most member is chosen.
The Speaker pro सदन presides over the House for the purpose of enabling the new members to take oath etc . and elect their Speaker .
President 's Address After the newly elected members have taken oath or affirmation and the Speaker has been elected the President addresses both the Houses of Parliament assembled together in the Central Hall of the Parliament House.
The President also addresses the Houses together at the beginning of the first session of each year .
The President arrives in the State Coach at the Parliament House where he is received at the gate by the Chairman Rajya Sabha the Speaker Lok Sabha the Prime Minister the Minister of Parliamentary Affairs and the Secretaries - General of both the Houses .
He is then conducted in a ceremonial procession to the high - domed Central Hall of Parliament along a red - कालीन route .
After the National Anthem has been played the President reads the address .
The Address contains details of policies and programmes which the government proposes to pursue in the coming year .
Being a statement of the policy of the government the Address is drafted by the government .
Half - an - hour after the President ' s Address both the Houses meet in their respective Chambers where the copies of the सदन ' s Address are laid on the Table of the House by the Secretary - General .
The President’s Address is discussed in both the Houses on a Motion of Thanks moved by one member in each House and by another .
The discussion on the Address is very wide and any or all aspects of administration are communicated
Members can speak on all sorts of national and international problems .
Amendments to the Motion of Thanks can also discuss matters which are not specifically mentioned in the Address .
The only limitations during the discussion are that members cannot refer to matters for which the Government of India is not directly responsible and the name of the President cannot be mentioned during the debate .
At the end of the discussion usually the Prime Minister replies to the debate on the President ' s Address .
After the Prime Minister ' s reply the amendments to the Viceroy are disposed of and the Motion of Thanks put to vote of the House .
When the motion is passed the notice of the motion is conveyed to the President by the Speaker through a letter .
The President after receiving the suggestion of the Prime Minister through the Secretary - General of the Lok Sabha approves the date for the election of the Speaker .
The Secretary - General there after sends a notice of this date to every member .
10 Usually the motion for election of the candidate selected by the ruling party is notified by the Prime Minister or the Minister of Parliamentary Affairs .
All the notices of motion which are found in order are entered in the List of Business in the order in which they are received at the time of time .
On the day fixed for the election the member in whose name a motion stands on the List of Business is called upon to move it .
He can also withdraw the offer .
The motions which have been moved and duly seconded are put to vote in the House one by one in the order in which they have been moved and decided if necessary by division.
As soon as any motion has been carried out the Presiding Officer पीठासीन declares that the member proposed in the motion which has been proposed in the said motion has been elected the Speaker of the House.
But if a single member at any time raises a question of the absence of quorum the proceedings have to be heard and the quorum bell is rung and proceedings can be resumed only after there is a quorum .
The decision of the House on a question can be taken by a motion moved by a member .
In most of the cases the decision is taken by the मत of sound opinion if a मत opinion is given in relation to a question the Speaker orders that the tribunal should be vacated .
After the lapse of about three and a half minutes the Speaker puts the question a second time and declares whether in his opinion the पक्ष or " the " parties have won .
If the opinion so declared is again challenged the Speaker directs that the votes be recorded either by operating the automatic vote recorder or by using ' No " or " पर्चियों slips in the House or by members .
The practice of going into the मत for the purpose of vote recording is not in vogue for many years now .
When a division is ordered by the Speaker division bells ring normally for three and a half minutes .
Immediately after the bells stop ringing all the outer doors of the inner lobby of the चैंबर Chamber are closed to prevent any entry until division is completed .
Under the automatic vote recorder system each member casts his vote from the seat allotted to him pressing the requisite button provided for the purpose .
A single Push button has been set on each member ' s seat : a सदस्य and three push button is put on the green button ' b ' the colour switch ' with red colour ' on the side and a black band with the tag .
Within the House and in all matters connected with the House his word is final.
Independence and impartiality are the two important attributes of the office of the Speaker .
His place is larger than all the ministers in the Cabinet except the prime minister .
His salary and allowances are charged on the Consolidated Fund of India ; they do not have to be voted by Parliament .
His conduct cannot be discussed except on a substantive motion .
He shall not vote in the House except when there is an equality of votes.
2 . When in such a case of equality he gives his casting vote it is always in accordance with well - established parliamentary principles and practices .
When the Speaker is elected he अलग himself from all the activities of his party .
He does not hold any party post ; he does not participate in any party meetings or functions keeps away from political controversies and party campaigns .
He performs these functions in accordance with the provisions of the Constitution and the Rules of Procedure and Conduct of Business in the Lok Sabha .
His decision in all parliamentary matters is final .
The Speaker has the residuary powers to issue directions in respect of matters not specifically provided in the Rules .
While doing so he may ask a member or the government to provide documentary evidence and information which he may consider necessary to arrive at a decision .
The Speaker has great powers to govern the functioning of the House in a peaceful and orderly manner .
He can order a member to discontinue his speech or to withdraw words or expressions which he feels are या or या .
He can order that nothing said by a member without his permission shall be included in the proceedings and that anything found पाई be excluded from the course of action .
The words or parts of the speech which have been ordered are not to be कार्यवाही or as सदनों - as the rights of the newspapers are not to be published by the Parliament as the rights of the people are unlimited .
The Speaker may ask any member to leave the House for one day or for any part of the day to go away from the House or to suspend an appropriate motion when there is a breach of disorder .
It is the Speaker ' s duty to keep all the members in discipline and they have to exercise extreme caution in showing their appropriate respect and obeying their decisions .
Whenever he speaks in the middle or rises to propose or raise questions for the purpose of raising a question he makes some remarks or gives his rulings he must be heard in peace .
The Speaker also determines whether there is a prima facie case for a matter relating to a breach of privilege or contempt of the House whether a matter of conduct of a member or the conduct of a member should be referred to a Committee for investigation .
If he does not give his consent the matter does not proceed further .
The statements contained in the House which have defended the honour of persons and would prevent any member from making such a statement if he has not submitted such statements or evidence thereof based on the nature of which they have not previously issued .
The Speaker has to be sensitive to the atmosphere in the House .
He communicates the decisions of the House to the authorities concerned and requires them to comply with the terms of such decisions .
All the Parliamentary Committees of the Lok Sabha are constituted by him or by the House .
They function under his control and direction.
The Business Advisory Committee . the General Purposes Committee and the Rules Committee work directly under his Chairmanship .
It determines what matters are financial matters which fall within the exclusive jurisdiction of the Lok Sabha .
If he certifies a Bill to be a ' wealthy Bill ' his decision is final .
In case of disagreement between the two Houses on a Bill whenever a joint sitting of the two Houses is called he presides over such a joint - sitting and all the Rules of Procedure in such a sitting operate with its directives and orders .
It is a breach of privilege to reflect upon his impartiality ability.
This is necessary to preserve and retain the dignity of the House ; if a member of the Lok Sabha is arrested in any offence . or sentence of imprisonment is convicted of the Speaker नजरबंद or any such authority is immediately convicted of the Executive .
Such intimation is also essential in the event of the release of the member .
No person can be arrested nor can a legal process civil or criminal proceeding against him be served without obtaining the permission of the Speaker .
The Chairman The Parliamentary Group of India which in India functions as the National Group of the Inter - Parliamentary Union and the Main Branch of the Commonwealth Parliamentary Union is the ex - officio President .
He often leads these delegations himself .
The Speaker is the Chairman of the Conference of Presiding Officers of Legislative Bodies in India .
The Lok Sabha Secretariat functions under the direction and control of the Speaker .
A question which is asked to a non - official member may also be asked if the subject matter of that question relates to any Bill Resolution or any other matter in the business of the House for which he is responsible .
14 Such questions are seldom asked in the Lok Sabha and it may not be questioned even if the session बीत
A short notice question cannot be asked by any official member .
Half - an - hour Discussion on matters arising out of questions already answered in the House can be held in the Lok Sabha during the last half - an - hour of the sitting on three days in a week सोमवार Wednesday and Friday.
In the Rajya Sabha such discussions can generally be held at 5 ' m. ' on any day allotted by the Chairman for the purpose generally from the प .
The subject of such a discussion should be of sufficient public importance which has been the subject of a recent question of starred लोक or लोक and the answer to which needs elucidation on a matter of fact .
In his notice the member is required to specify the point or issues he wants to lift .
Only one notice of the Half - an - hour Discussion is put down for a sitting.
Further in the Lok Sabha not more than one such discussion is put down in the name of any one member in a week in the name of the other and no member can raise more than two discussions at the same session .
The maximum time taken by the " zero proceedings in the Eighth Lok Sabha came to 32 minutes .
The situation however changed sharply during the short - lived Ninth Lok Sabha when Speaker Rabi Ray tried to regularise and विरुद्ध the illegitimate विरुद्ध सभा .
The result was that it often extended beyond one hour or so .
In fact sometimes it extended to two hours or more to the great discomfiture and uneasiness of the ministers and members waiting for the regular business of the House to start .
Nobody knows what matter might crop up during this period or what kind of attack might be launched against the Government .
This name 1960 was given in newspapers at some time in the early years of the 1960s and 1970 when the practice of raising matters of urgent public importance without any prior notice .
As soon as the Question Hour is over several members are on their feet to raise matters which they feel cannot be delayed.
This seems to be the idea behind the system that rules which are anti - national matters or serious grievances of the people should come in the way of an immediate agitation in the House ; they do not want original rights and minority representatives .
For instance some of the subjects under which adjournment motions were admitted and discussed .
Death of eight persons due to the illegal alcohol consumption in Delhi and the illness of many state persons ; severe cases ;
The मारे Minar tragedy in which 45 people were killed .
If objection to leave being granted is raised the Speaker will request the members in favour of leave being granted to rise in their seats and accordingly if at least fifty members stand it will declare that permission is granted .
The discussion on an admitted adjournment motion normally starts at पू m and lasts for two and a half hours म i . e . पू up to or beyond पू .
The discussion begins with the motion moved by the mover till the House is now present .
After the mover and the other members have spoken on the motion the minister बोलता and at the end the mover has a right of reply to the discussion .
Through the process of Calling Attention the Government may alert but in a particular case of general importance the Government may seek clarification and create a situation in which the government gives a decision or an effective decision or issues in the House .
It is a summary and immediate way of raising an important issue on which you have to discuss and arrive at a conclusion where the notice party ' s Whip दल etc . has arrived at a formal or specific resolution दुखद by the voting on any formal issue .
The atmosphere is surcharged with feeling on all sides of the House and each member is free to interpret the short discussion in his own light and to come to the conclusion .
Prior to 1953 there was no provision for such discussions .
Adjournment motion being in the nature of a censure motion could not be used quite frequently .
A convention therefore was established in 1953 whereby members could raise discussion on such matters for short time .
For raising such discussion a member has to give a notice to the Secretary - General specifying the matter precisely and explaining clearly the reasons thereof .
Such notice should also be signed by at least two other members of Parliament .
The member moving the motion frames the motion as he wants the House to adopt it .
Generally speaking the proposals of the Central Government are proposals for obtaining approval of the House for some policy or action .
Motions moved by non - official members on the other hand generally tend to elicit the opinion or the feeling of the government on a matter .
Though the motions relate to the various proceedings of the House are to be kept in three principal categories : ( सदन ) the proposal is substitute ( सदन ) and the subsidiary ( सदन ) proposal .
13 . A substantive motion is an independent motion moved by itself for the approval of the House and drafted in such a manner as to express the decision of the House .
14 It neither depends on nor arises from any other motion .
Thanks on the President ' s Address the adjournment motion on any matter of public importance is the substantive motion the motion for the हैं of the Speaker Lok Sabha or the Deputy Chairman of the Rajya Sabha the motion for the removal or the motion of the motion for the motion of the motion which the motion for the motion is the motion for the motion for the motion which is the motion for the motion is fundamental privilege or for the motion for the motion for the motion for the motion for the removal of privilege or for
Besides impeachment is provided in the Constitution for the impeachment of the President which can be initiated only through the original motion in proper words .
Amendment may be made not only to motions resolutions or to clauses of a Bill but also to an amendment to a clause of a Bill resolution or to an amendment to the motion .
The amendment is moved during the course of a debate and if accepted the original question is put as amended.
It may be noted that the substitute motion also seeks to bring before the House a different proposition as an alternative to the original question but is distinct from an amendment inasmuch as it replaces the entire motion .
Notice of the motion like any other notice is given to the Secretary - General .
No period is set for notice of 20 proposals .
21 . Further the subject matter of the motion as in the case of questions should not include inter alia ironical expressions defamatory statements or के and should not raise a question of privilege or any such matter .
22 . The motion which has been admitted by the Speaker and for consideration not fixed at any time is called a ' no - day motion ' .
They are placed before the Business Advisory Committee which selects proposals for discussion in the House and set time also for the purpose : 23 proposal is offered : The Speaker has the member to offer the motion which is prescribed for the proposal .
There is one difference .
All resolutions come in the category of substantive motions . i . e . each resolution is a particular kind of motion .
Besides all motions are not necessarily put to vote of the House whereas all the resolutions are required to be voted upon .
Types of Resolutions Resolutions may be classified as Private Members' Resolutions. (
( b ) Resolutions moved by non - official members are called the Private Members' Resolutions. (
They give the government an opportunity to gauge the ideas of the House which are still indefinite or may be ahead of public opinion .
The member who wants to move the resolution has to give notice to the Secretary - General informing him of his intention .
There is no hard and fast rule as to the question of resignation by a government .
यह merely is that if the government agrees to be on a matter which is considered a significant matter or is dealt with by the Opposition and is defeated at the particular resolution of No - confidence agreed by the House it is expected to resign from the House .
The No - confidence Motion The Council of Ministers holds office as long as it enjoys the confidence of the Lok Sabha .
To ascertain this confidence the rules provide for moving a motion to this effect which is called a No - confidence motion .
There is no clear provision in the Constitution regarding the individual responsibility of a minister to Parliament for anything done or not done in his department .
This responsibility is सामूहित .
Therefore merely a motion expressing want of confidence in the Council of Ministers as a whole is admitted and the one expressing lack of confidence in a minister is not in law .
37 A no - confidence motion in the different way of a censure motion does not necessarily cause him .
No conditions of admissibility of the rules are laid down the Speaker has a right to decide whether a motion is in order or not if the Speaker is of opinion in the opinion that the motion is passed on the question or the motion which the member wants to leave the House to leave the matter to leave the matter to leave the matter to leave the matter to move from the House to leave the matter is passed out of the matter to leave the matter to leave the matter to which he is passed out of the
Otherwise it is believed that the member did not get the leave of the House .
A motion of no - confidence once admitted has to be taken up within ten days of the leave being granted .
After ascertaining the views of the government the Speaker decides the date for the discussion .
If the government so desires the discussion can even be started at that time .
The time for the discussion is usually fixed on the recommendation of the Business Advisory Committee .
After the members have spoken usually the Prime Minister himself replies to the charges levelled against the government .
The mover has a right of reply .
When the debate is concluded the Speaker puts the question forthwith and decides the decision of the House by a voice vote or a division if asked for it is called मौखिक .
The scheme underlying this statement recognised the inevitability of the partition of the country .
According to the statement the constitution framed by the present Constituent Assembly could not be forced on unwilling areas .
The real result and effect of the whole plan was to divide India into India and Pakistan .
According to the Indian Independence Act the constitution of two provinces of India and Pakistan was constituted on 14 - 15 August .
The Constituent Assembly is set up by the representative body of the constituent राष्ट्र of a sovereign democratic nation .
( a ) Budget is presented in two parts of our Parliament : i . e . in regard to railway finance the railway budget is the general budget " and the general budget " .
The primary idea behind presenting a separate Budget for the railways is to secure stability for civil estimates by providing for an assured contribution by the railways and also to introduce flexibility in the administration of railway finance .
The Railway Budget is presented to the Lok Sabha by the Minister of Railways sometimes in the third week of February every year and the General Budget is presented by the Minister of Finance on the last working day of February at फरवरी .
The Budget is presented with a Budget Speech which is in fact one of the most important speeches in Parliament .
This speech is in two parts : " A " has a general economic survey of the country " and Part B in " is the taxation proposals for the coming financial year .
A copy of the Budget is laid on the Table of the Rajya Sabha after the speech of the Finance Minister in the Lok Sabha .
Soon after the minister introduces a Bill which contains the taxation proposals of the government .
( a ) Discussion on the budget is essentially a body of discussion .
The passage of the Budget is marked by deep and thorough discussions in both the Houses of Parliament .
The discussion on the budget starts after a few days of its presentation .
It gives members full time to study the text of the Budget and to discuss the financial proposals among themselves .
Budget is discussed in two stages : i General Discussion " and thereafter in detail the demands for grants and voting .
Besides opportunity for further discussion on वित्तीय financial proposals arises during consideration and passing of Appropriation Bill and Finance Bill .
( One ) General Discussion on the Budget starts from a general debate which takes place in both the Houses of Parliament for three or four days .
Firstly at this stage members consider only the general aspects of fiscal and economic policies of the Government and do not go into details of taxation and expenditure .
The general debate thus offers an occasion for each House to express its views .
The government may also get an idea as to how a particular proposal will be taken at the subsequent stages .
It may be noted that the Rajya Sabha by virtue of its power has no business with the Budget beyond the general discussion .
( 2 ) Discussion on Demands for Grants and in accordance with the procedure the discussion and voting of demands for grants in another stage .
Normally separate demands are made for the grants proposed for each ministry .
The demands are related to the expenditure part of the Budget and are in the nature of request made by the Executive to the Lok Sabha for grant of authority to spend the amount asked for .
Demands are to be moved in the form of a motion but in practice they are assumed to have been moved ; and are proposed by the Chair to save the time of the House .
During the discussion on demands which is lively the policy and the working of the ministry comes in for close scrutiny .
Time is allotted to each ministry for discussing demands .
It is open to members to disapprove a policy pursued by the ministry or to suggest measures for economy in the administration or to focus attention of the ministry to specific local grievances .
The members can do so by moving a subsidiary motion to the main motion for demands for grants .
These subsidiary motions are called in parliamentary parlance Cut motion .
The Business Advisory Committee fixes a time limit for voting a particular demand and for all demands for grants including the Budget .
As soon as the time limit for any demand is over the procedure for that discussion is implemented and the demand is put to vote .
Likewise on the last day allotted for all the demands for which the demands have not been disposed of so far are put to vote whether they have been discussed or not .
This process is known as ' गिलोटिन ' .
In addition the discussion on demands for grants ceases .
It was realised by the standing committees on Departments concerned that before the गिलोटिन came into force the demands for grant of only two or three या at any given time were discussed.
Set up of 17 departmentally related Standing Committees of Parliament are inter alia charged with the task of considering the demands for grants of the ministries and departments concerned and reporting to the House before voting on the demand .
After the 1994 - 95 demands were presented to the Parliament both the Houses were adjourned for a period of one month to enable the respective Standing Committees to inspect and discuss matters .
During the 1994 Budget Session these committees presented 48 reports on demands for grants for 1994 - 95 .
( c ) Appropriation Bill Under the Constitution no money from the Consolidated Fund of India can be withdrawn without the enactment of law by Parliament .
This Bill as its name suggests is to give the Government a legal right to व्यय expenditure from the Consolidated Fund .
The method of considering and passing an Appropriation Bill is the same in the case of any other Bill except that the controversy is confined to matters which the demands cannot be made nor made during the debate .
After the Bill is passed by the Lok Sabha the Speaker certifies it as a Money Bill and transmits it to the Rajya Sabha .
The Rajya Sabha has no power to amend or reject the Bill and has to give its consent to the Bill .
The Bill thereafter is presented to the President for his assent .
( d ) Financial proposals of the government for the coming year are included in a Bill called the Finance Bill which is ordinarily introduced in the Lok Sabha every year after the Budget is presented .
Discussion on a Bill covers matters relating to general administration and local grievances within the Union Government to :
While general criticism of the policy of the government is permitted discussion on the details of particular estimates cannot be discussed .
In short the whole administration comes under review but questions which have already been discussed cannot be चर्चा .
This Bill has to be considered and passed by the Parliament within 75 days after it is introduced and assented to by the President .
Vote on Account In a democratic set - up the government endeavours to give full opportunity to Parliament to discuss the budgetary provisions and the tax proposals .
The passage of the Budget beginning with its presentation and ending with discussion and voting of demands for grants and adopting Appropriation and Finance Bills generally goes beyond the start of the current financial year .
So long as the Parliament does not agree to the demand it is necessary that the government should have enough money to run the administration of the country .
A special provision has therefore been made for the vote on account " by which the Lok Sabha has been empowered to grant grants for a part of any financial year by the completion of the budgetary procedure .
During an election year if there is an expectation that the vote on account may be taken for a longer period of three or four months if the main demands and the Appropriation Bill are passed by the House .
As a matter of custom vote on account is treated as a formal matter and passed by the Lok Sabha without any discussion .
Vote on account is passed after the general discussion on the Budget is over and the discussion on demands for grants is taken up .
In the case of the Railway Budget which is passed before 31 March no vote on account is taken but if necessary in an election year may be taken .
Supplementary and Excess Demands for Grants No expenditure can be incurred by the Parliament without its sanction .
If the amount granted for a specific service is found insufficient for the purpose of that year or on any new service which is not envisaged in the budget of that year the President may draw supplements or व्यय additional expenses thereof .
If
All cases of such excesses are brought to the notice of the Parliament by the Comptroller and Auditor General through his report on the Appropriation Accounts.
The excesses are then examined by the Public Accounts Committee which makes recommendations regarding their regularisation in its report to the House .
Supplementary Demands for Grants are made to the House before the end of the financial year and is passed whereas the demands for excess grants are actually made after the expenditure has actually been incurred and the financial year is presented after the financial year has passed .
Legislative Procedure Regarding Ordinary Bills ( a ) The preparation of a draft of Bills as soon as any legislative proposal is emerged the ministry concerned shows what its political विधेयकों administrative राजनीतिक financial and other consequences might be .
If other ministries or the State governments are also involved their advice is taken .
Professionals and various interest groups such as business labour agriculture and industry if considered necessary are also consulted.
The Bill is then examined in detail by the administrative machinery in consultation with all the authorities concerned and given a final shape .
After this complete process the Bill is ready to be brought before the House .
It can be introduced in either of the two Houses of Parliament by the minister concerned .
The minister has to give seven days' notice to move for leave to introduce the Bill and two copies duly शुद्ध of the Bill are sent to the Secretary - General of the House in which the Bill is to be introduced .
After the Bill has been found complete in all respects by the Secretariat it is included in the List of Business on a date selected by the Speaker or the Chairman as the case may be decided for this purpose .
Normally copies of the Bill should be made available to the members at least two days before the date on which it is proposed to be introduced .
( 2 ) Three Reading - A Bill has to pass through various stages in the Parliament before it becomes the Act .
Each Bill undergoes three readings in each House ( i . e . reading ) i . e . second reading and third reading .
( a ) First Reading is a necessity for the leave of the House to introduce a Bill .
After the Question Hour on the appointed day the minister incharge of the Bill on being called upon by the Speaker rises in his seat and says " Mr महोदय " I beg " .
The minister stood up and says " Sir I apply the bill " .
Generally speaking विधेयक to introduce the Bill which is the first reading of the Bill is a mere formality and by convention there is no discussion at this stage .
However if the motion for introduction of a Bill is opposed on the ground that the proposed legislation is outside the legislative competence of the Parliament the Chair may permit a full discussion in which the Attorney - General can also participate .
Thereafter the question is put to vote in the House .
There being no restriction on the number of Bills to be introduced on a particular day a minister may introduce as many Bills as he may have .
The bill can be published in the Gazette with the permission of the Speaker / Chairman even before introduction .
These are ad hoc Committees which are appointed to consider particular Bills referred to .
Bills may now be referred by either House or its Presiding Officer to the new departmentally related Joint Standing Committees of the two Houses in accordance with the subject of each Bill .
Amendments to various clauses can be moved by the members of the Committee .
The Committee can also take evidence of experts associations or public bodies who are interested in the legislation .
Procedure for consideration of a Bill in Committees is the same as in the House .
After the Committee is taken into consideration various sections . schedules etc. and accepted by the newly elected Lok Sabha Secretariat prepares a report for presentation in the House or the Houses .
Roy : If a motion for issuing opinion on a Bill is proposed to send a letter to the Secretariat of the House to all the State governments and Union Territories to the Local bodies - LRB - library - RRB - to see it .
The duration of Roy is normally referred to in the motion for moving a Bill but where there is no date specified for the purpose the state governments are asked to within three months from the date of the acceptance of the motion .
When the opinion is received they are placed on the Table of the House followed by a motion for reference to a Select / Joint Committee of the Bill .
It is not ordinarily permissible at this stage to move a motion for consideration of the Bill .
But since the latter is a constitutional head the President who is to act only on the advice of the Council of Ministers ordinarily he / she cannot move his / her from consultation with the Government seeking further explanation or suggestions .
This is presumably what President राष्ट्रपति Singh did in case of the Postal Bill and President Venkataraman in case of a Bill inter alia seeking to give pension to Members of Parliament after just one year ' s service .
If the President gives his assent the Bill becomes an Act from the date of his leave .
Instead of refusing or giving his assent he may return the Bill with a message for reconsideration by the two Houses .
But if the Houses pass the Bill a second time with or without amendments and the Bill is presented again to the President for his assent he shall not have the power to withhold his assent to the Bill .
But no Bill is deemed to be a Money Bill merely because it provides for the fee or the payment of fee for the service rendered or provided for rendering or rendering of a local authority or body rendering or for any official purposes .
It may be remembered that if a question arises as to whether a Bill is a Money Bill the Speaker ' s decision will be final .
Special Procedure Regarding Money Bills A Money Bill cannot be introduced in the Rajya Sabha .
It can be introduced only in the Lok Sabha on the recommendation of the President .
After the Money Bill has been passed by the Lok Sabha he / she is accompanied by a letter from the Speaker to the effect that the Money Bill is passed by the Rajya Sabha for the recommendations of the Rajya Sabha .
The Parliament may approve or निरनुमोदन of such resolution or if it does not take any action on it .
The Constitution does not have a time limit within which the states must signify their ratification of a Constitution ( Amendment ) Bill referred for this purpose .
The Parliament ' s Rules and Procedure also introduced by non - official members with a view to give an opportunity to the representatives of the people to express their views on various matters of public importance and to persuade the Government to work for programme and policies .
Discussion on Bills initiated by सरकारी members affords an opportunity to the House to come to grips with a problem and to discuss it in all its aspects .
While discussing a Bill by the सरकारी - सरकारी member the government becomes aware of all sorts of opinions in the House .
The purpose of focusing the attention of the government and the public on the specific proposals contained in the Bill is proved .
The government takes a policy decision on the subject of the Bill and presents its views before the House .
It is clear that the framers of the Constitution took Parliamentary Committees for granted and left it to the Houses to provide for them in their Rules of Procedure .
Under the Rules of the Lok Sabha not every Committee consisting of members of Parliament is a Parliamentary Committee suo सभा .
In fact Consultative Committees do not report to anybody but merely provide a forum for informal exchange of views between the ministers and members of Parliament interested in their departments.
They are not parliamentary committees .
Types of Committees There are two types of Parliamentary Committees in India ( i ) the Standing Committees and ( two ) ad hoc Committees .
The Standing Committees are those Committees which are appointed every year or from time to time or are nominated by the House or nominated by the Speaker / Chairman and on matters which are permanent and which the Committees are constituted by the House or the Chairman .
The Standing Committees in each House ( and certain Joint Committees ) may be categorised in terms of their functions :
Their recommendations are intended to tone up the administration for economic efficient and speedy execution of these policies and programmes .
Reports of these Committees have earned for them considerable respect from all sections of the society both official and non - official .
Every recommendation is carefully analysed and processed and the administration always endeavours to remove the faults and lapses pointed out by the Committees and to act in accordance with the recommendations made by the Committees .
The Financial Committees have developed adequate procedures to ensure that their recommendations are given due consideration by the government and where they are not accepted the Committees are apprised of the reasons for their non - acceptance .
The progress in the implementation of the recommendations as well as any unresolved differences between the Committees and the government are brought to the notice of the House by way of Action Taken Report " .
The elaborate and effective procedure for follow - up of the recommendations made by these Committees is essentially an Indian innovation to the parliamentary procedures prevalent elsewhere .
The three Financial Committees are elected by the House for each other .
Ministers can neither become members of these Committees nor can they be asked to appear before them for the purpose of giving evidence .
Their Chairmen are nominated by the Speaker .
Committee on संसदीय In a parliamentary democracy like we have it : there is an inherent right of the people to present petitions to the Parliament with a view to समाधान grievances and seeking redressal thereof and offering constructive suggestions on matters of public importance .
This right is exercised through the Committee of Petitions .
Each House has a Committee on Petitions .
In the Lok Sabha the Committee consists of 15 members while in the Rajya Sabha it has 10 members .
The function of the Committee on Petitions is to examine every petition which after presentation to the House stands referred to the Committee .
The Committee reports to the House on specific complaints made in the petitions after taking such evidence as it thinks fit .
The Committee suggests remedial measures either on the specific case under review or in a general way to prevent such cases in future .
The Committee also considers representations including letters and telegrams received from various individuals and associations which are not covered by the rules relating to petitions and gives directions for their proper settlement .
This Committee has already made its mark in affording parliamentary support to the common man in the matter of redressal of his just complaints .
It has proved to be a real boon to those wronged and oppressed citizens for whom no remedy or relief is available elsewhere .
In the Lok Sabha the Committee consists of 15 members while in the Rajya Sabha it has 10 members .
In order to ensure that there is an effective and continuous check on the possibility of misuse of such power by the administration each House of Parliament has its own Committee on Subordinate Legislation .
The Committee of each House consists of 15 members nominated by the Speaker / Chairman .
The , Committee is reconstituted every year .
The Committee examines them whether suitable provisions have been made to place their rules or orders on the Table of the House .
If the Committee concludes that the provision made in the Bill for delegated powers should be revoked or postponed or amended it may report to the House before the Bill is taken into consideration .
The Committee consists of 30 members ( 20 from Lok Sabha and 10 from Rajya Sabha elected by the respective Houses of Parliament from amongst their members .
The functions of the Committee are to consider the Report of the Commissioner of Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes and report to the Parliament as to the measures taken or required to be taken by the government on them .
The Committee also ensures effective implementation of the constitutional safeguards for these backward communities .
( Six ) Service Committees are some of the Committees of the Parliament which look into various kinds of facilities and services provided to the members and other matters concerning the functioning of the members of both Houses of Parliament .
These are the General Purposes Committee the Joint Committee the Library Committee and the Salaries and Allowances of Members of Parliament.
General Purposes Committee : Each House has a General Purposes Committee .
The Presiding Officer of the concerned House is the ex - officio Chairman of the Committee .
It consists of the Deputy Speaker or Deputy Chairman Committees as the case may be members of the Panel of Chairmen Chairmen Chairmen of all the Standing Committees belonging to that House leaders of recognised parties / groups and such other members as may be nominated by the Presiding Officer .
The Committee is constituted to advise on such ad hoc matters concerning the affairs of the House and its members as do not appropriately fall within the purview of any other Parliamentary Committee and which may be specified from time to time .
The Library Committee is a Joint Committee of the two Houses consisting of six members of the Lok Sabha ( including the Deputy Speaker ) nominated by the Speaker and three members of the Rajya Sabha nominated by its Chairman .
The main function of this Committee is to help the members in the use of the library and its allied services सदस्यो i . e . reference research and documentation services .
It advises the Speaker on matters pertaining to the selection of books framing of library rules and its future planning etc .
A Joint Committee on Salaries and Allowances of Members of Parliament was constituted to frame rules under the Salaries and Allowances of Members of Parliament Act 1954 .
It consists of ten members from the Lok Sabha and five from the Rajya Sabha .
The functions of the Committee are to provide for the members of the two Houses for matters such as medical travel telephone and postal facilities to the Government of India in general consultation with the Government of India to regulate the payment of their daily and travelling allowances etc .
The finding also of the fact that the report of the संसदीय Parliamentary Committee on the part of the Bofors scandal in respect of the security घोटाले the report of the Parliamentary Committee on much involved and generally rises in the report of the proceedings on the security scandal .
Committee Reports instil fear and respect in the administration .
The 17 Departmental Committees cover the entire gamut of governmental activities .
More important the Committees have witnessed significant improvement in the existing resources of the government to ensure scrutiny of activities .
Nevertheless the Legislature as the representative body of the people is the symbol of their sovereignty .
It has to keep in mind the interests of the people and take all necessary steps to ensure that the administration acts within the ambit of the Constitution .
The basic purpose of establishing a separate and independent Secretariats for the two Houses has been to ensure an effective and unimpaired exercise of the concepts of executive responsibility and the administrative accountability to the Parliament.
In fact the Constitution of India itself has recognised this paramount need .
The Council of Ministers is collectively responsible to the Lok Sabha under the leadership of the Prime Minister and provides in the first clause of Article 98 that separate officers and staff have been given to each House and the sharing of the two posts .
Clause 3 provides that until such laws are made by the Parliament the President may after consultation with the respective Presiding Officers make rules regulating recruitment and conditions of service .
No legislation has been passed by the Parliament so far under clause 2 of Art. 98 of the Constitution .
But on 1 October 1955 in pursuance of clause 3 of Art. 98 Lok Sabha Secretariat ( Recruitment and Conditions of Service Conditions ) Rules 1955 were framed and promulgated by the President in consultation with the Speaker .
Similar rules for the Rajya Sabha Secretariat were framed and promulgated by the President in 1957 in consultation with the Chairman .
They recruit with competitive exams in their own secretariat .
( 2 ) Financial Committee Service for rendering secretarial assistance to the three Financial Committees and the Railway Convention Committee and for all works connected with these .
The Parliament of India can boast of a very efficient information service including the Parliament Library and the Information Service .
The underlying object of this centre is to present a full and effective picture of the country by means of audio - visual means to the members of foreign parliamentary delegations visiting representatives and students tourists and others coming here .
The role of the parliamentary officials along with the growing areas and complexities of the latest technological innovation and Government work has been taken into account the need of more competent and suitable personnel for working in the Secretariats of the Houses of our Parliament.
There is no doubt that adequate and efficient officers and staff are essential for each Legislature .
In view of the responsibilities of the officers and staff of the Legislature it is necessary to have a high degree of quality and कर्मचारियों while ensuring at the same time economy efficiency and specialisation coupled with mobility .
The officers and staff of the two Houses serving members of Parliament as they do have to be persons of high calibre impeccable integrity requisite qualification and training .
They have to use all their competence tact and experience in discharging their onerous responsibilities .
He has to make sure that the factual information supplied to the Speaker is correct in all matters relevant rulings and precedents pertaining to a matter are placed before the Chair to facilitate right decisions .
As far as advice to the members is concerned parliamentary officials are not expected to offer it है .
These rules are based on the Rules of Procedure and Conduct of Business in both the Houses and have been gradually evolved from conventions and rulings given by the Presiding Officers from time to time .
The first Rules of conduct of the members for the House which they are to be obeyed when the meeting commences and the first rules of conduct of conduct of the House which should be taken up before the time of their meeting is fixed and भोजन .
Once the sitting of the House commences every member should enter and leave the Chamber with decorum and in such a manner as not to disturb the proceedings in the House .
While entering the Lok Sabha Chamber the members should bow to the Speaker at the time of their departure and when they leave their seats .
It is a respect to the House as a whole and not to a person on the Chair .
The Speaker represents the House to all outside bodies and authorities .
Regard for the authority of the Speaker as the symbol of the corporate personality of the House is the basic norm of parliamentary conduct .
While saying " A leading principle is that at one time only one member should speak or ask questions and the Chair is given the power to call upon the members to speak one by one .
When a member wants to speak he should rise in his place to attract the attention of the Presiding Officer .
A member having an economic interest where a matter has to be decided by the House in which a member has a pecuniary or direct interest the member is expected to declare that he shall take part in the action on the matter .
It aims to ensure objectivity in deliberations and avoid any objection being taken to the vote of the member on grounds of personal pecuniary or direct .
Similarly in case a member of a Committee has any such interest in a matter which is to be considered by the Committee he should state his interest in that matter to the Speaker .
Apart from the rules of parliamentary etiquette which by members are to observe by them there are customs and conventions which are equally important in maintaining a proper standard of parliamentary life and maintaining the dignity of the House and its members .
Members of Parliament are therefore expected to retain a standard of conduct not only inside the House but outside the House .
The conduct of the members should not be contrary to the practice of सदस्यों or derogatory to the dignity of the House or against any standard which the Parliament expects its members .
The conduct of a member has not been fully explained in the broad sense of the words and in each case it is in the jurisdiction of the House whether the member of Parliament has been unfair or is not eligible .
Thus even if the facts in a particular case are not covered by a breach of privilege or contempt of the House the conduct of a member may be considered unfair and derogatory to the dignity of the House .
The House has the right to punish him for the conduct of its members whether it is within the House or outside the Parliament to exercise its right to conduct law .
There is also the power to punish the House for the disorderly conduct of its members other for all मान्यताएं whether committed within the House or outside the walls.
When a member violates any of the restrictions the Speaker may direct him to discontinue his speech or order the member to suspend business in the House .
As far as the allegation is concerned in the Draft Constitution the Government of India Act . of 1935 has been incorporated in the draft of the Constitution - LRB - I do not entertain any objection to it .
There is no shame in borrowing.
There is no theft in it .
Nobody has any patent rights about the basic ideas of the Constitution .
The clause consideration of the Draft constitution was completed during 15 November 1948 . 1948 - 17 October 1949 .
The Committee thereafter moved the consequential or necessary amendments and prepared the final draft and presented it before the assembly .
The second reading of the Constitution was completed on 16 November 1949 and the next day the assembly Dr .
The motion was adopted on 26 November 1949 and thus on that day the people of India in the constituent assembly adopted enacted and gave themselves the constitution of a Sovereign Democratic Republic of India .
The Parliament Buildings comprise of the Parliament House संसद Parliament House Annexe Reception Office and the upcoming Parliament Library .
Together called the Parliament House Estate it includes tall lawns pools fountains and roads .
The Estate is enclosed by an ornamental red sand - stone wall and iron . with massive iron entrances .
The Parliament House which consists of two Houses of Parliament the Lok Sabha and the Rajya Sabha ? constituted during 1921 - 1927 .
The Parliament House " is one of the most beautiful buildings in New Delhi and " is one of the finest specimens of architectural existing in any country in the world . "
The building has 12 gates 5 with doors built in front of them .
Even though designed by foreign architects the building was built with indigenous material and by Indian labour and its architecture bears a close imprint of Indian tradition .
The aims that inspire the users of Esperanto are still as important and relevant as ever.
Neither the recognition of the use of some national languages worldwide nor of the elements in transmission techniques nor by new methods of language teaching these methods can be assumed as fundamental यथार्त of the real and साधक system .
In a system of communication which confers on others a special advantage over them no matter what they try for years and which to achieve a lesser degree of competence this system is essentially योग्यता .
संप्रेषण like संप्रेषण , and और is not an inferior defect in संप्रेषण but is far better than other languages in a uniform manner of communication .
We maintain that language produces sub - regional communication mechanisms at all levels and also internationally .
All ethnic languages are bound to certain cultures and nations.
The student who learns Esperanto learns about a world without borders where every country is home .
There is a language which is steady in the learning of a language.
Thus at an early age he broke all the barriers of belief and belief : God ' s conception of creation की and pure knowledge .
In the last few years the association he founded has called it " declaring :
Thank God . How in my childhood you have kept me away from कर्मकाण्ड . and कर्मकाण्ड gave me the opportunity to understand them : and to understand them as the years passed ; spread the light of knowledge and progress rapidly to the goal .
In twenty - three years of his stay in Madras Ramalinga had to escape from the city and to wander about daily पैदल the song and poems of Lord त्यागराज .
Tired out he would spend the night there sleeping in the open .
They also visited . ( the temple of का ) जाते and जाते .
From early years he started living in करूंगुझी ( करूंगुझी ) करूंगुझी in Karunguzhi Vadalur and Mettukuppam ) but later took Chidambaram as his अपना calling himself Chidambaram चिदम्बरम ( करूंगुझी ) .
On his way to Chidambaram he went through the streets visiting holy places like संत Shaiva saint संत ( संत ) as his spiritual master during his early days .
He gave discourses in the temple and composed songs in praise of the deity there .
Then he . . . . there too composing songs and songs arrived at Karunguzhi near his own village गये .
His elder brother Parasurama Pillai who was living there died a few days after Ramalinga ' s visit .
Ramalinga was about to come out for Chidambaram - राजस्व वेंकट prepared a room for him from Ramalinga in his own house and went out of Karunguzhi till 1867 as करूंगुझी धर्मपत्नी धर्मपत्नी and his wife करूंगुझी सेवा took nine years of service .
As in Madras Ramalinga spent the whole night in his home and walking out of the day accompanied by God in order to see the temples in मंदिरों .
Chidambaram . known as है in Tamil is so ancient that St. हैं who lived in seventh century A. D. refers to it as ancient शती .
Rigid or अथवा Constitutions may be called rigid or flexible on the basis of the difficult or simple procedure of the amending .
Federal Constitutions are usually classified as rigid because of their difficult amending procedure .
Our Constitution may be said to be a combination of rigid and flexible because certain Acts of the Constitution like Articles 2 4 and 4 and 169 can be amended as by simple majority in both the Houses of Parliament .
Only in the case of some of the provisions in addition to a special majority of the two Houses of Parliament an amendment would require the ratification of not less than half of the States Parties .
During the past 51 years there were as many as 83 amendments to our Constitution .
The fact therefore आरोप the charge that our Constitution is federal .
The American Constitution is the first category and the British Constitution is an example of a second category .
In a unitary constitution all powers are vested in the agents of the central government and exercise authority by the Centre .
The federal polity was generally inevitable that there should be a federal Constitution ; the constitution was supreme and the powers inherent in the power of the federal government and the governments of the units were separate in their respective spheres .
Also the न्यायालय must be an independent Supreme Court if there is a dispute between the Union and the States .
The disciples who pursued this line were पांडीचेरी . Mudaliar of Pondicherry . Mudaliar of Pondicherry . Mudaliar of थे and Ratna Mudaliar of के .
It is to Ratna Mudaliar that we are most indebted for this book .
For six years from 1860 to 1866 - LRB - से Mudaliar - RRB - is working and is known by the correspondence between them .
In 1860 he wrote to Ramalinga ( although the letter is lost ) is discussed in the reply given by Ramalinga in reply to it ) that he would eat only one meal a day .
Ramalinga wrote in his reply dated 30 December 1860 : he would collect his poems ; but he would also request his अननयतम friend to give up his vow.
Otherwise Ramalinga wrote he would take a similar vow.
रत्न : Ratna Mudaliar succeeded in collecting the poems and publishing the book in 1867 .
In his reply he has given a description of the life and times of the publication of the book which he has recorded in his long poem inter alia the last poem of his padas .
He lived beyond the earthly plane and was so human that ordinary humans may not follow him .
In describing Ramalinga one cannot better what Huston Smith has said of about the Buddha .
The texts have full praise of the Buddha and the words have done their work ; when his teacher found the essence of the secret which he could not really understand .
To Ramalinga ' s compassion we have devoted one full section .
Huston Smith says with reference to Buddha : फ्रांसीसी French tenderness so strong that his message was also called religion of infinite compassion .
This writer feels as if human compassion reached its acme in Ramalinga .
He considered it the most essential and the only step in the making of the soul ( आत्मा ) and the oneness of God ' s oneness with the calm clear and logical conditions that had never been heard previously .
The plain was at the disposal of two principal rival groups : one from Madras to कुंबकोणम from other कुंबकोणम .
On receipt of intimation the people owning the land - LRB - amounting to a hundred and eight acres - RRB - made an assignment of their land in the deed dated 2 February 1867 bearing the signatures of forty जमीन .
On the same day in the temporary accommodation of the people the installation of a permanent building the foundation stone of the building and the construction of the tank and the construction of the tank began .
A thousand printed invitations were issued to the public .
It is said that one thousand and six hundred people were fed daily for the first three years .
Even today every hungry visitor is given free food .
On the opening of the Eating House on 23 May 1867 Chidambaram जीव जीव read out extracts from Ramalinga ' s tract . जीव .
The foremost tenet in Ramalinga ' s religion was compassion for life .
God came to me and I am the Lord ; we are the one .
Otherwise no life will now be a futile one. The Light within them will lead to the genuine knowledge of the ,
These songs compare the full joy with the following lines from the आनन्दातिरेक :
S . शरीर S . 1880 and स्वामी occurs during this period in the poems and songs written by Ramalinga ( six years after his passing away in 1880 the last chapter of the meeting will be said to be the last chapter of Sri रामलिंग .
This hymn composed in छंद metre consists of का lines a dimension not reached in that metre elsewhere in Tamil poetry .
It has an इसका ( 1872 dated April 18 1872 .
There is a monarchy with a hereditary king while our country is a republic with an elected President .
In the U. S. system the Supreme Court ' s power of judicial review and interpretation of the Constitution is supreme .
The Constitution of India has adopted the middle path .
Since our Constitution is a written constitution and the powers and functions of every limb are defined and delimited by the Constitution there is no question of any organ being even Parliament .
Both the Parliament and the Supreme Court न्यायालय are supreme in their respective spheres .
You may pick up this opportunity and do n ' t waste time .
This song is suitable for prayer .
The saying that for some time the Lord will continue to be published in this flame ' it seems as if Ramalinga knew the advent of God and his own end .
A song written at the same time illustrates this :
This went on for three months .
The similarity between them is both spectacular and it is only marked by the fact that the human soul never sought to see its com - जीवात्मा and the जीवात्मा of a saint who in his later days were inspired by the Universal Grace .
Ramalinga did away with all the religious doctrines dogmas rituals and किया .
It can be said that the supreme light addressed by him is the अंतरिक्ष form of Siva as it is evident from his poetry of अंतरिक्ष in which he addresses the supreme Light in the epithets of Lord Shiva the Universal नर्तक
According to the traditional Hindu religion Shiva was considered to be the supreme Light or the ultimate Light.
The teachings of के are the same as those of के .
उपनिषद् ) says :
In the supreme light it is the secret to the transcendental है .
It is pure that . is the light of all light .
( Policy centuries ) Ramalinga described the reason as a light in the light of the inner light and the light of the individual soul ' s most apparent being the Light of Grace and the inner light of the Supreme Light. (
The poem of Ramalinga Sri Ramakrishna had said: " The भ्रमर is only believed to be surrounded by the flower till it has tasted the honey.
When they are lured to utterance before or after . the result is not always poetry it is poetry that of the first or foremost kind .
But the poet in के - distinction to the mystic is lured by the demon of utterance into the expression of the की .
On the other hand the great poet in his own expression of his thoughts से beauty in his own way.
The sayings of prophets do strike a note of poetry to a certain extent .
We can clearly recognise the poetry of Buddha and Jesus .
Ramalinga is a unique exception .
He is not only associated with प्रकाश and बुद्ध but also with Shelley and बुद्ध Shelley and बुद्ध साथ or Tennyson in his poems with music but with the rich and powerful language .
There was hardly an institution or opportunity to which he did not give away gifts .
He went to Calcutta
Moreover he was active in the establishment of the first medical college and hospital in Calcutta in 1835 which is still associated with a number of hospitals which is the premier centre of medical education in the country .
He provided शुल्क scholarships to encourage students to study medicine and to break the prejudice of the Hindus into the शरीर of the dead bodies .
He was the first Indian member and patron of the Asiatic Society of Bengal founded in 1784 by Sir William Jones .
Many of the leading scientific institutions of today like the Archaeological Survey of India the Zoological Survey of India the Botanical and Geological Surveys of India as well as the Indian Museum in Calcutta the oldest and biggest in India owe their origin to it .
On the eve of his departure for England from Calcutta द्वारकानाथ then English journal published in Calcutta said: Who will be from the point of view of his public charities ' in Calcutta to mention the names of one of these charitable institutions which had received from him .
He not only gave his wealth generously and और but rose against popular opposition .
He was a faithful friend and staunch supporter of Raja Rammohun Roy who was a remarkable religious and social reformer and a visionary whom Indian historians once described as the Father of modern India .
" Our food did n ' t have anything to do with थी .
The list of our articles of clothing would be viewed with contempt by the modern boy .
On no pretext did we wear socks or shoes till we had passed our tenth standard .
In the cold weather a second cotton tunic कुरता .
We never felt that we were starved for any time .
Yes we complained only on the कुरते when the कुरते tailor forgot to put his pocket into our tunic because no boy has so grown poor that he has not grown so far.
The boy and the wife of the घरेलू were spent under the care of the domestic servants whom he had remarked " .
So the child remained rooted to the spot and dared not step out though the shell .
Through the window - नहाने he would see below and spend hours watching watching the नहाने like devotees in the pond each with an odd बरगद of the नहाने and the play with a round - set platform of the banyan .
Years later he recalled this childhood friend in these lines :
The child was dedicated not to the rigours of की " but because he was unduly docile but because of his boundless curiosity about his surroundings and even his keen interest in small things made it .
Looking back from my childhood the thing that recurs most often is the mystery which used to fill both life and world . . .
It was as if nature were हाथ her hands and smiling , , what I saw was अंदर and I felt nothing impossible.
The central experience of a closed childhood in a circle made a deep impression on him and in later years his ideal of education had been cast in this mould .
The child ' s curiosity and longing for the big and mysterious world of men and nature beyond the confines of home and the school became for him प्रतीकात्मक of the souls yearning for him .
In his play Dak Ghar ( published in English as The Post Office ) which was written in 1911 he dramatised this longing in the character of a child under the name 1911 .
Amal is a tender and sensitive character and confined to his bed in a dark room because his over - अभिभावक parents and the ignorant family physician fear that if he gets out of the air .
Two memories of this school were lost ; one of which was to them was the foul language of a teacher and a compulsory singing in English before the lessons began .
Bengali children neither understood the words of the song nor knew the tune .
All one had to do was to pour words into a fourteen syllable mould and they would सघन into verse.
And thus the child लेखनी his first verse in the popular Bengali बंग्ला बंग्ला .
The lotus of poetry blossomed in no time in this fourteen - शब्दों metre and even the bees found a foothold on it . "
The child was however disappointed.
Was poetry no more than this amusing exercise ?
Nevertheless the experience was था .
He got hold of a blue copy book in which he started कविताएं his poems .
The Maharshi was enchanted and sat down for the evening under a pair of वृक्ष trees .
When he rose from his meditation he had already made up his mind that he would keep the place for himself and that he never ceased to buy the land .
In the same place पिता the father and son spent the first few days of their journey .
This was Rabi ' s first experience of freedom in which he could shed an बीच बीच of the open nature .
But the father did not leave the son entirely to his own resources .
He read it out to him select pieces from Sanskrit English and Bengali and in the evening made him sit by his side and sing his favourite sources .
At night when the Indian sky revealed the splendour of the stars he gave him lessons in astronomy.
The moment was seized with such zeal that it had to be sent to the Presidency College Calcutta for repair.
Whenever he was inclined to compliment himself on his own performance she reminded him of a Sanskrit saying " , aspirant after poetic fame उपहास in उपहास "
So while she checked his conceit from growing she प्रेरित encouraged the best in him and at that time his most ardent ambition was to win her admiration .
She herself was a genuine lover of literature and music and was also very sensitive .
She too along with Rabi fell into the praise of his elder brother रवि ' s first published poetry and this work was a brilliant चढकर and was a perfect चढकर of the use of metres .
That was the time when the novels of Bankim Chatterji were being serialised in the literary journal बंगालियों taking the Bengali heart by storm.
When बंगाली came out he blew up the afternoon of every Bengali in the neighbourhood .
It was my good fortune that I did not have to snatch for it for I had the gift of being an acceptable reader .
My sister - in - law would rather listen to my reading aloud than read .
There was no electric fans then but as I read I shared the benefits of her hand fan. '
The poet understood the poet while the जाते में and भिड are drawn together .
This fascination grew until at the age of sixteen he was seized with a strong desire to pour his own vague में in the same mould which would express the fervour of his feelings while screening their object.
One day in the rainy season when the dark clouds were gathering in the sky - he lay in his room and taking a slate in hand wrote कुसुम कुसुम of poems earlier in the की language of the medieval poets . "
Many readers were astounded by this gesture and Tagore in his बंगाली declared that he had been at that time a Bengali scholar called Dr चटर्जी Chandra Chatterjee who was so much influenced by the pen - story .
Apart from this innocent literary fraud associated with these early lyrics what is important is the fact that these were the only compositions of this period which the author had agreed to be included in his साहित्यिक in the years he had taken .
A literary आजीविका by itself was no profession in those days and it was a matter of legitimate concern to the family how to harness the impetuous talents of this precocious boy to some useful and respectable profession .
His elder brother Satyendranath was advised to take a trip to England with him ( he himself went on a holiday after a few days : his wife and children were dead before him ) as they wanted an opportunity to leave .
So he was taken to London and placed in a residential house which faced the लंदन Park .
More than the cold it was this dismal cold which chilled him to his bones.
The sky was dim and the light of the day lacked lustre and was something like a dead man ' s eye .
There he did not know any one who had been trained as a teacher for Latin learning ; he was a good man but a शिक्षक very शिक्षक .
He was obsessed with the theory that in each age one dominant idea is manifested in every human society all over the world irrespective of there being any outward channel of communication between these different societies .
The pretence of learning Latin lasted for some time until Rabindra changed his camp .
He even refused to बकाया the dues saying I had done nothing but waste your time .
It was with some difficulty that he was persuaded to accept his fees .
During this period of his stay in London he visited the Houses of Parliament and heard Gladstone and John Bright speak on the Irish Home Rule .
After his return from अंग्रेज on the day of his London sojourn in London रवीन्द्रनाथ : In this case he was lucky to find a house of an English friend ' family . It was Dr . Scott ' s house .
When he first landed at home he was a white - haired doctor पत्नी his wife and his eldest daughter .
The two young daughters alarmed at the prospect of their home being invaded by " ब्लैकी " but left for a relative .
They returned only when they were assured that the stranger was harmless.
In course of time he became everyone ' s favourite including the dog from the house who did not eat until he had played with him .
Mrs Scot थीं him like a son and looked after him with more affection and solicitude than he had known from his own mother .
Her devotion to her husband and family impressed him greatly.
The daughters too grew very fond of him particularly the third one who he was years of age and could sing and play on the बजाकर .
He taught them many English and Irish songs .
If something he brought with him it was the unfinished manuscript of a career of considerable lyrical drama he had begun writing in London with his title The Broken Heart .
His reticence will continue to चुप्पी his जीवनी .
There is an inevitable poet - youth and dream - hero .
Even when he breaks the heart of others he does not know what he really wants ?
There are many other characters in the drama and they all manage to break the hearts of each other .
But neither the tragedy nor the philosophy is real for the author was too young to understand what he wanted to express .
And yet the need to exercise his poetic gift was real and the poem has some lovely lyrical passages which show that the young author was steadily gaining mastery of the form .
Even though this poem was not a part of his total work of poetry it had been helped to establish his reputation by his first presence .
For such abandon and romantic abandon were something new in Bengali poetry .
The Maharaja of Tripura sent his Chief Minister to Calcutta to welcome him to the satisfaction of his poetic achievement .
What surprised the author in his mature years was not that he wrote this long drawn लबालब effusion at the age of eighteen and thought it good but that others thought it good .
The curious part of it is that not only was I 18 but every one around me seemed to be eighteen years old . "
But however painful the pang at parting this broken heart " returning back home " was more carefree and happy than ever .
" Spencer ' s idea that through a development of these emotional के of voice man founds music appealed to me .
Why ca n ' t the drama be brought into prominence by giving this idea to a high - frequency ? "
He tried it out in Valmiki Pratibha and was much encouraged by its stage success .
He himself took the part of Valmiki and his young niece Pratibha that of the little girl whom the robber chief had वाल्मीकि .
He himself had played the role of an blind man .
Thus robbed of its melancholy युवक neglected and sick imagination the young man wanted to liberate and liberate his self - expression and not to grant him any favour .
This young poet was in love with sorrow and revelled in the bitter - sweet despair.
At the same time the अवचेतन indicative of the subconscious that it was the sunset of the first phase of his creative evolution when I was busy blowing up a raging flame with the bellows of my thoughts .
The first poem in the series तरफ तरफ ' is still devoted to the evening which is painted in a single and mysterious बाल tone and not visible in the darkness of a long बाल child .
" What is it you are softly humming to you .
The poet feels a strange kinship with her and कविता in his poem .
In another poem he expressed his sympathy with the broken star who had baffled and committed suicide .
In another poem he उलाहना his sister - in - law who left him alone .
" She has gone - What is left to say anything now ?
The song is gone back and what song is going to be sung .
Those songs are gone mad : हैं has left behind . . .
They have gone and with them have gone away the flower and the bird and the light that हुआ the day .
I am thrown out like a फटे .
The Spirit of Evening which he invoked in this poem vague and mysterious has now assumed a concrete and familiar image.
" Long ago when I was a child " you wrapped me round with your affection as the evening envelopes the earth with its silence .
Do the evening सम्मोहित you with its magic ?
You have revealed to me my own hidden wealth and without singing yourself you have taught me all the songs I know . "
The melancholy expressed in this sheaf of poems is naive and adolescent but by no means insincere or या .
Although the poet in later years some of these poems were devoted to writing and exclude them from his published works he strongly defended them against the fact that they were कविताओं .
He has commented in his जीवन Life which is a fine and fortunate professor must be ridiculed by a youth who could hold spectacles as ornaments worthy of a pair of ornaments .
रवीन्द्र and उदास with himself Rabindra wrote to his father who was often on his visit to the Himalayas and asking him to go back to England and resume his studies .
He was allowed to do so and in April 1881 he sailed for the second time to England accompanied by his nephew .
On the eve of his departure he addressed a public in Calcutta on the theme of music and compassion which he had expressed his views with his songs .
It was his first public lecture in which he tried to prove with vocal demonstrations that the function of music was to express what the words fail to express themselves .
He was coming out of his shell to the public ' s notice and during this period he wrote a very strongly worded polemical article on ब्रिटेन Traffic in China ' in which he condemned Britain for its opium trade .
From the beginning to the end of his life he had a very vivid deep sense of व्यक्तित्व and deep commitment to the world of things which he had something to do with his genius .
The second voyage to England proved की .
The nephew who accompanied him had married recently and as the ship left Calcutta he felt sick of his wife and सताने .
His first novel रानी रानी रानी or रानी रानी ' was also written here .
This first novel is a historical melodrama cast in the mould which his predecessor Bankim Chandra Chatterji had made very popular .
No wonder that when it was published the author received a letter from the famous veteran congratulating him on the achievement.
The substance of the plot and the significance of the title may be summed up as follows: A brave and ruthless King , his son for daring to show sympathy with his suffering subjects .
The Prince is finally निकल .
On his way to the holy city of Banaras he leaves his sister to her husband ' s state .
On reaching there he comes to know that in the meanwhile her husband has brought another wife to him .
The disappointed sister accompanies her brother in the exile.
The place where they had tied their boat to their boat is still called the रानी of the little queen .
There is not a particular story about this novel from a कथा point of view .
But from the point of view of historical importance the writer has made considerable progress in the meanwhile .
It is like a little nursery bed in a house where the seedlings were transplanted and transplanted to flower elsewhere.
There are many situations and characters in which the author has developed and developed in his plays some of them may be seen in his earlier acts : a king who is घृणा against the common interests of his own people a prince who knows no less .
After this idyllic holiday in the villa on the Ganges the two brothers and Kadambari Devi returned to Calcutta .
But they did not go back to the ancestral house म्यूजियम but took up their residence in Sudder Street not far from where the Museum now stands.
It was in the midst of this bustling metropolis that the young poet had his first deeply felt spiritual experience which burst upon him as a vision so vivid and authentic that its impression lasted all his life tremendously .
He wrote about it in length in his मानव and later in The Religion of Man .
One morning as he stood on the balcony of the house and at the end of the road the sun was shining behind the rows of trees : " Suddenly there was a strange sight and a faint radiance in the presence of my eyes . "
All the gloom and despondency which had weighed over and oppressed his spirit forcing it to turn upon itself in a morbid relish of its own disease fell from him like a garment cut from end to end .
The freed water rushed forth पर and cascading leaping over the rocks and striking music from each obstacle.
In a mood of semi - exaltation a rediscovery of this world and the joy of living he wrote a number of poems which were later published as Prabhat Sangeet .
In another poem he reviews his life as to how in the uncultivated of his own heart he was losing his way and Nature the source of his happiness and how he recovered it from an enlarged charge of प्रकृति .
In this way in another poem he celebrates with great enthusiasm his new faith in a new body and one may be surprised to see that his creation was entirely different from that of an angry young mind and a totally rejected by the अप्रभावित .
Moreover these poems were an authentic herald of the majestic procession that was to follow and in language and metrical movement opened a new path in Bengali poetry hitherto अछूता .
Most of these poems are not merely उच्छवास of the new delight that comes there in some of them the backbone of thought which is already erect and the कविताएं poems in which sensibility fancy and music were the mark of great poetry .
The young author would be glad to see that the sight of public places and the noise of कलकत्ता roads in Calcutta would make them feel happier and happier .
This is why the poet has to turn and twist them in metre and metre so that the meaning may be held somewhat in check and the feeling allowed a chance to express itself .
Two other poems included in this book also bear the germ of his favourite philosophy that Being is Becoming that life is ever moving and renewing itself and that death is what helps it to renew .
" Every year I have lived and died . "
Another long poem खगोलीय which in its tone is in fact very subtle and in a sense the whole episode is of it depicting the Hindu myths with the possibilities of modern matter the creation of the different world and the संहार of the universe .
In the midst of the Great , limitless timeless and और sits Brahma the Creator his eyes closed in stony silence .
Suddenly his eyes open and he utters the primeval hymn of creation .
The emptiness is filled with burning आग and revolving जाती of fire .
But all these सृष्टि tire of revolving in the endless round of the Law and the Creation wearied of itself prays to Siva the Lord of Destruction for the peace of. सर्वनाश .
No more will the lightning संवेदनाओं of pleasure lure him into the darkness of sorrow for he has burnt all the senses in the funeral pyre of self - knowledge .
He will show pity now for the जाति in the whole world and the ignorance of mankind . "
When he comes to the nearest town he belongs to an untouchable and अनाथ girl who is dedicated not only to the temple priest but to everyone else .
The Sanyasi is frightened at the thought that he does not follow his outward behaviour .
But he cannot keep himself aloof from it for long and when he returns he finds himself dead .
Death sets the seal on his realisation ; the great is to be found in the small the infinite within the bounds of bondage and the eternal freedom of the soul in love . "
They are यायावर and यायावर nameless and anonymous who represent the daily panorama of life in a village or on the highway.
As has already been pointed out Tagore ' s plays are full of unknown characters and inexplicable characters representing various sections of the society and the like - many people in which it is all worth narrating for him .
These characters use the native dialect like some of Shakespeare ' s rough characters indulge in crude humour all of which provides a relief from the high flown thoughts and superb poetry of the main characters .
Having spent the summer and the rainy season in चौरंगी the party returned to Calcutta in autumn where they now stayed in a villa on Lower Circular Road near चौरंगी .
From the first floor of his bungalow Rabindranath would watch the daily drama of this crowded colony of humble folk men and women at their various tasks and the children were at play .
For me it was all like a living story . "
He was very curious to see with the eye what the mind thinks and the eyes are looking for what the mind thinks ;
And it was befitting that the poems he wrote from this perspective were later published in हुईं O मनोदशा and significant pieces of mood .
He was watching and absorbing and growing and all the time the craftsman was practising new strokes and improving his technology .
Not all the poems are pictures कविताएं nor are they confined to a single pattern .
For example राहु his poem The Love of Rahu is half - symbolic .
History records that the marriage of one of the most romantic men of the age was so रोमांटिक romantic .
In spite of his रोमांटिक romantic character and active identity in the field of literary usage Rabindranath was a humble and obedient child - and so सम्मोहित with the magical personality of his father that the words of his father were never wrong for him .
Despite the obvious anti - climax he was however in the long run none the worse for the Maharshi ' s arbitrary and seemingly unreasonable choice .
To the end Rabindranath needed no inspiration from his wife but an प्रतिकारक .
If he had married a beautiful girl he would have been afraid of a woman but his wife ' s very life - long relationship with a safety and pleasure - kept her life safe and was never satisfied with her .
The bride ' s maiden name was वधू वधू a name very old and then as it is now gathering a smile of मुस्कुरा .
After the marriage the name was changed to Mrinalini a lovely name given by her husband who was the first stage in this chapter .
Nalini . was a name which was very dear to him and somehow Mrinalini seemed to incorporate it .
As a matter of fact he was at this time working on a prose drama of that name .
The plot was well - known and would have been based on the appearance of a young boy who wrote at the centre of his heart ' s love of story - telling and involvement of all the members of the family in its roles .
And finally Rabindranath Tagore had to complete the drama by himself .
But before it could be produced a tragedy overtook the family .
In April 1884 Kadambari Devi Rabindranath ' s favourite sister - in - law suddenly committed suicide .
She was only twenty - five years old .
Nobody knows why he did so ?
At the beginning of 1889 रवीन्द्रनाथ Rabindranath Tagore now carrying two children daughter रवीन्द्रनाथ ( or बेला ) and son रति to Sholapur where his brother was a District Judge .
King Vikram विक्रम the ruler of a state of Punjab is to marry the inimitable princess of Kashmir and the King is extremely mad in love of his own love of law and so does the times run round him and shut up like this .
The Queen ' s Kashmiri relatives hold all the important positions in the State and migrate to her ancestral homes .
For she has n ' t enough time to concentrate on these useless जीवन when life is so short - lived and full of fun .
The hungry crowds riot outside the palace crying for bread .
" What is this noise !
The coarse भीड crowd who howl शांति for food and disturb the sweet peace of the palace ?
The husband ' s eyes instead of love are बू of lust and दंभपूर्ण - खून which has made him almost breathless from duty and humanity.
When King Vikram learns of his wife ' s desertion he is livid with rage his love for her turns into a passion for revenge his wounded रानी into a voluptuous greed for violence and victory .
He leads his armies into Kashmir to teach Prince सेन a lesson .
None can withstand the fury of his onslaught his armies are victorious everywhere and he occupies Kashmir .
Prince सेन is too proud to surrender and yet anxious to appease the tyrant ' s wrath and spare his people the hardships of occupation.
He therefore sends his severed head to the King as his offering.
The offering is brought to the Court by the proud and sorrowful Queen who falls down dead as she offers the tribute at the feet of the glimpse .
The conflict in this play is between love and duty between a vain and स्त्री man and a proud and humane woman .
After spending a few days at Shelidah he went to Santiniketan and finally went to Sholapur to stay with his brother Satyendranath .
There he heard that Satyendranath and his young friend सत्येन्द्रनाथ सत्येन्द्रनाथ planning a visit to England .
They made up their mind to accompany them .
In the course of these wanderings and changes of abode a small exercise book which was always with him was getting filled with poems .
Whether he was gazing at the snow - capped Himalayas or मैदानी in the heat and dust of the plains the poems poured forth.
The largest number were written in गाजीपुर whether because of or in spite of the roses it is hard to say that they were written in the presence of roses .
The traditional bulbul might have been missing but the प्राण in Rabindranath sang full - उन्मुक्त in song - LRB - प्राण - RRB - of which he could all sound freely .
The harvest prepared over a period of three years or more was published under the title फसल सिक्का and as soon as it was seen his genius सिक्का .
In other words it stood for a solemn commitment to religious freedom for all .
It was reinforced by the principles of equality of status and opportunity and of fraternity among all the people of India .
The vision of the founding fathers was that of a nation transcending all diversities of religion and creed .
He was not against religion but he hoped that it would be possible to forge political unity and that religious differences would not hamper nation building .
The Constitution envisaged a new social order free from communal conflicts and based on social democracy economic and political justice .
It visualized a polity under which laws would not discriminate between citizens on grounds of religion caste or creed .
The Constitution sought to establish a 'secular' order under which the majority of the population did not enjoy any special privileges or preferential treatment at the hands of the state and the religious rights of the minorities were protected in different ways .
It seems necessary that the term secularism be clearly defined in the Constitution itself firmer legislation passed and already existing legislation firmly implemented for preventing misuse of religion for political purposes by any party or individual .
In order to fulfill this obligation the State Governments have to keep track of the bio - diversity of their country .
मैक्सिको मैक्सिको मैक्सिको an expert in the plants of मैक्सिको found in मैक्सिको are working with मैक्सिको मैक्सिको Garden and Institute of Biology of the मैक्सिको मैक्सिको मैक्सिको of the Forest .
They are वनस्पति and describing every higher plant species found in वाली .
The functions of the वनस्पति depends upon referring to the botanical collections of the वनस्पति Museum .
If it is a new quest for science it is described and given a scientific name .
This information is collected and presented with a botanical catalogue or Flora of मेसोअमेरिका .
The list will include a description of the प्रजातियों species from which about 10 per cent will be new to science .
Produced in printed volumes and on the internet in Spanish it . scientists . and the public with the basic taxonomic information they need to understand and conserve their local biodiversity.
Scientists will report new discoveries in this list .
This is the starting point for future research in the evolution and ecology of the region .
In a case of one migrating after 19 July 1948 he must have been registered as citizen of India by an officer appointed for the purpose by the Government of India .
But in the latter case no person shall be so registered unless he has been residing in India for at least six months immediately preceding the date of his application .
The migrants to Pakistan have been provided in article 7 with special provisions regarding the citizenship rights of persons who had entered Pakistan after March 1 1947 but returned to India later .
It has been made clear that any person migrating to Pakistan after March 1 1947 ceased to be a citizen of India but an exception has been made in the case of those returning to India on the basis of permits for resettlement in India .
( State v. Amar Singh . AIR 1955 SC 282 Rahman Union MP v. State of Madhya Pradesh AIR 1951 SC नाग AIR 1951 नाग .
44
Persons of Indian Origin residing abroad are or have been residing abroad for purposes of employment or otherwise for purposes of employment .
The founding fathers were farsighted enough to have made provisions in the Constitution to protect the citizenship rights of such persons in India .
Naturally they were made binding on the state i . e . the Executive and the Legislature .
Article के Immediately before the commencement of this Constitution.
See also the book of the खाई of India ( खाई ) the first edition of the खाई ( see pages 155 ) .
Equality before law and Equal protection of laws Article 14 of the Constitution enunciates the fundamental right of every person not to be denied within the territory of India equal protection of law and laws .
The protection provided by this article is not limited to citizens only but is applicable to all individuals .
It embodies the principle contained in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights that all are equal before the law and are entitled without any discrimination to equal protection .
In singular in the term equality before law means the same thing as the apparent word of law or the concept of law or of justice .
On the other hand in the term ' s uniform protection of the laws ' the word ' संरक्षण ' explains the statutory law and the provision made by it orders the State to ensure that all the safeguards are made without any distinction .
However since the Supreme Court has not seen any such distinction .
In fact Valmiki Chief Justice शास्त्री Sastri feels that the second rank is the result of the first position and is far more difficult to imagine the condition in which the rule of law is not subject to equality of the same protection as that of law .
( State of West Bengal v. Anwar AH Government AIR 1952 SC 75 ) .
Laws should be applied to all in a uniform case .
The Supreme Court has held that the varying needs of different classes of people often require different treatment .
According to him " , Lal v. Union of India AIR 1951 SC 41 .
If the classification is not reasonable and does not satisfy the two conditions referred to above the impugned legislation or executive action would plainly be arbitrary and the guarantee of equality under article 14 would be violation .
Therefore wherever it is in the State ' s action whether it is legislative or executive or by any authority under article 12 निरंकुशता निरंकुशता of निरंकुशता - LRB - article 14 - RRB - becomes active and निरंकुशता the action of the State .
Thus the new approach as enunciated by the Supreme Court has widened the scope for the operation of article 14 and no discrimination now required to be made against others .
कारपोरेशन v प्राजैक्ट and इक्विपमेंट Corporation ( 1984 ) 3 SCC 378 ) .
The prohibition of discrimination on grounds of धर्म race class sex or place of birth where Article 14 declares equality and laws in respect of law and its successor article 15 to 18 covering certain general principles in relation to the citizens of India .
Article 15 enjoins the state not to discriminate against any citizen only on grounds of religion the site of the Hindu race the place of birth or any of these .
The use of the word is meaningful .
Any distinction based on one or more grounds and on other grounds or grounds would not have been affected by this article ( राज्य v. State of Bombay AIR 1953 b R . पी ) IPC and no distinctions based on residence .
Clause 2 of the article provides for particular enforcement of the prohibition .
The prohibition obviously covers the actions of both the State and the general public at large .
( A . N . Gopalan v. State of Madras AIR 1950 SC 27 ) .
It is necessary that the restrictions imposed by law must be reasonable and not arbitrary or of excessive nature and the onus of proving it to the satisfaction of the court lies with the State .
The more severe the restriction the कडा the greater the responsibility of proving the reasonableness ( प्रदेश Ahmed v. State of Uttar Pradesh AIR 1954 SC दायित्व दायित्व ) .
Since the Constitution has not defined the term ' reasonable restrictions it has to be decided on the basis of its own merits .
G . Rao . AIR 1952 SC 196 .
The standard is really an elastic one and varies in each case with time space and condition .
The framers of the Constitution made it clear that they were not writing for the most independent or quite entirely new form of constitution .
They had deliberately decided not to ignore the past but to build on the existing structure and experience of the past .
The Constitution of India had a co - ordinated development .
Category B : those Bills containing provisions involving expenditure from the Consolidated Fund ( articles 110 and 117 ) .
The special procedure for the धन - धन has been defined in Article 110 for the definition of the Money Bill that is a Bill which contains only the provisions regarding the saving expenses of the Consolidated Fund ' and the custody of the Consolidated Fund . .
If any question arises as to whether a Bill is a Money Bill the decision of the Speaker shall be final .
Every Money Bill when presented to the President for his assent he shall be given a certificate along with the signature of the Speaker of the Lok Sabha ( article 110 ) .
A Money Bill can be introduced only in the Lok Sabha and only on the recommendation of the President .
When it is passed by the Lok Sabha and transmitted to the Rajya Sabha the latter may make its recommendations within a period of 14 days and if any Lok Sabha may accept or reject all or any of the recommendations of the House .
Thereafter it is deemed to have been passed by both the Houses with the amendments accepted by Lok Sabha .
If the recommendation of the Rajya Sabha on the subject of amendment is not accepted by the Lok Sabha or the Rajya Sabha Bill is not returned within 14 days it is deemed to have been passed by both the Houses as it was passed by article लोक .
Since we have already stated that the Legislative Assembly has the power to take action against the Constitution for its own contempt and as under Article 208 it has framed laws against the Constitution and in respect of the procedure laid down by it .
The Legislative Assembly is the master of its own procedure and is the sole judge of the question whether its contempt has been committed .
The Government therefore decided that an amendment of the Constitution was not necessary .
It was of the opinion that the Legislatures and the Judiciary would develop their own conventions in the light of the opinion given by the Supreme Court and the judgement pronounced by the Allahabad High Court .
The legislative powers of the President confer power on the Article 123 President that if the session of the two Houses of Parliament is not in operation and it is resolved that a stage has arisen which needs urgent action .
The power and effect of the ordinances issued by the President is similar to the laws made by the Parliament so much that all such Ordinance once again अध्यादेश the period of six weeks or before the commencement of Parliament निरनुमोदन - निरनुमोदन .
It is only the Rajya Sabha which can declare that it is in national interest for the Parliament to legislate in respect of any matter in the State List .
If by two - thirds majority Rajya Sabha passes a resolution to this effect the Parliament can make laws for the whole or any part of India ( article 249 ) .
Moreover if at least two - thirds of the members present and voting in the Rajya Sabha have declared it by a resolution backed by at least two - thirds of the members of the national interest that such provision is necessary or is justified by the Parliament by law .
After a new Lok Sabha is duly elected and constituted the President invites the leader of the party or parties commanding the support of more than half of the members of the Lok Sabha .
While the Prime Minister usually is a member of the Lok Sabha the Ministers are drawn from both Houses of Parliament .
A person other than a member of Parliament may also be appointed as Minister but he has to vacate the office after six months unless he manages to get himself elected to either of the two Houses .
Since the Council of Ministers is collectively responsible to Lok Sabha ( article 75 ) ministers have a constitutional obligation to resign collectively as soon as they lose the confidence of Lok Sabha .
The scheme of the Constitution represents a real fusion of the highest executive and legislative authority .
The Executive and the legislature are not centres of power competition but they are considered as inseparable partners or partners in the business of the Government .
The Parliament is a large body .
The concept of the supremacy of religion was not different from the concept of सर्वोच्चता or controlled laws .
In ancient India the rulers were bound by ' religion ' and no one was allowed to violate the religion .
In the Rigveda and the वयोवृद्धों of the वयोवृद्धों the assembly ( general assembly of the elders ) is mentioned .
The अर्थशास्त्र Brahmana पाणिनी Panini 's पाणिनी पाणिनी पाणिनी s Artha - shastra the Mahabharata inscriptions on Ashoka 's pillars के the बऋद्ध and Jain texts of the period and the पाणिनी all bear witness to the existence of Indian history.
In particular after the Mahabharata the great empires gave place to many small republican states .
There are many references to how these republics worked .
The representatives were elected in the open meeting .
He was a king and ruled with the help of a Council of Ministers .
Parliament may by law regulate the procedure ( article 124 ) .
In the case of Justice Ramaswamy motion for presenting an address to the President for his removal failed to get the required majority in the Lok Sabha .
Contrary to the common belief there is no provision in our Constitution for the impeachment of a judge .
The impeachment is provided for the President and none else .
Also there is a fundamental difference between removal procedure and impeachment procedure and between the impact of the adoption of a motion for impeachment and the passing of a motion for presenting an address to the President seeking orders for the removal of a Judge .
But after the motion for removal from the office of a judge the Deputy President of India is considering the issue of necessary orders .
Every person appointed as a judge of the Supreme Court before he enters upon his office takes an oath before the President or the person appointed in that behalf by him in the prescribed manner in the Constitution .
The Constitution prohibits a person who has held office as a judge of the Supreme Court from practising law before any court in the territory of India ( article 124 ( 6 ) and 7 ) .
He was elected president of the state and he was called the hero .
On December 31 . 1600 as produced by some traders of London the East India Company obtained the royal charter from Queen Elizabeth .
The Charter had given the company the monopoly of trading with India and some areas of South East Asia for a initial period of 15 years .
Judicial Review 1 : The Constitution as it has developed in the United States has the right to the Supreme Court of the country to hear the final judgement in respect of the legality or illegality of legislative action in the country which is the law of the law .
Our Constitution very largely follows the U. S. practice in this regard .
Cases are often filed before the Supreme Court by a State Government or by an affected private individual or a party claiming that in enacting a particular law the concerned government exceeded its jurisdictional limit with regard to the division of powers under the Seventh Schedule .
While reviewing such enactment the Supreme Court will examine whether jurisdictional limits have been exceeded .
Incorporation of a Chapter on Fundamental Rights in the Constitution makes judicial review specially consistent .
And under this article ' the ' State ' has been defined as to make a judicial review of the Government of India and of the States ' all the state governments within the territory of Parliament and the Legislature and the Government of India .
Up to 1967 the Supreme Court accepted the view that there was no " law " under the definition of the Constitution Act 13 ( 2 ) .
An organisation dedicated to the cause of forced bonded labour between the Union of India ( now Union Territories - LRB - see the Supreme Court by a letter to the Supreme Court regarding the report of the massive stone - workers in the Faridabad of Haryana .
The petitioners entreated that a writ be issued for proper implementation of the various provisions of the Constitution and laws so as to remove the suffering and helplessness of those workers .
The burden of providing all the facts and evidence against the constitutionality of the statute lies with the petitioners.
The principle of कानून In interpreting the law the court has to decide whether the whole law is against the Constitution or only part thereof .
The court can declare a law void in part as well if the facts are expected .
Article 274 requires that in case of Bills affecting taxation in which States are interested in effect the prior recommendation of the President would be necessary before .
The State Legislature may by law levy taxes on professions trades रोजगार धंधों and employment .
However the amount of these taxes payable by an individual shall not exceed Rs 2500 per year .
The Parliament ' s power to legislate in respect of income from professions etc. does not affect the power of Parliament ( article 276 ) .
The recommendations of the President Commission and the action taken thereon are laid before each House of Parliament ( articles 280 - 281 ) .
निधियों of Consolidated Funds Contingency Funds and moneys credited to public accounts are to regulated by Parliament and each State Legislature concerned ( article विधानमंडल ) .
Article 290 provides for adjustments to be made between the Union and State Governments in respect of payment of certain expenses of any Court .
Article 365 read with Article 365 provides that once a Proclamation of Emergency the spread of rules / regulations of the Union to be followed in exercise of the proceeding to a state article 356 and directions given to the President in respect of the exercise of the State .
The language provision in the language was restricted to 3 ; : Article ; 5 . ; Part 6 ; ; article 17 ; ; and 17 parts of the Constitution though a separate clause in respect of the Official language " .
Protection of Linguistic Minority Rights हितों - Discrimination on धर्म of Religion Article 29 enunciates the fundamental right of any section of citizens residing anywhere in India to conserve their distinct language script or culture .
No citizen can be denied admission in any educational institution maintained or aided by the State on grounds of language non - resident religion etc .
Article 30 aims at establishing and administering all minority groups based on religion or language .
All such reports can be laid before the Parliament and sent to the concerned State Governments .
Language of Legislatures Article 120 lays down the official language of Parliament .
Besides in it the Parliament has been asked to function in Hindi or English .
However the Presiding Officer of each House may ask any member who cannot adequately express himself in Hindi or English or allow him to address the House in his mother tongue .
It has therefore been arranged in both the Houses of Parliament to simultaneous interpretation of speeches from major regional languages into Hindi and English .
But in actual practice most of the time the entire business of each House is carried out in Hindi or English full facilities are given to the practice in Hindi to English and vice versa.
The corresponding language provision for State Legislatures is article 210 .
In the Legislature of the State the work shall be in the official language of the State or in Hindi or in English and the Presiding Officer of the House may move any member who cannot adequately express himself in any of these languages and may address the House in his mother tongue .
The various national problems faced by the founding fathers of the Union were the most difficult question of establishing any of our languages as a national language or as the official language of the Union .
Finally under a compromise formula embodied in article 343 Hindi in Devanagari script was accepted as the official language of the Union with the international form of Indian numerals .
It was allowed that English would continue to be used for a period of 15 years and even thereafter the Parliament may by law provide for the use of the English language or the Devnagari form of numerals for any specified purposes .
The Indian National Congress was formed in 1885 .
This caused a gradual reduction in the imperialist control in India and the development of responsible government .
From the very beginning the Congress has made its main base of public life the gradual representative of the country .
The Congress was of the view that reform in the Councils could only improve all other systems .
Speaking on the subject at the fifth session of the Congress ( Bombay मुम्बई 1889 ) Surendra Nath सुरेन्द्रनाथ observed : " If the council improved you will get everything else .
The future of our country and the future of our administrative system depends upon it . "
The Indian Councils Act of 1892 was a step in the direction of accepting the growing Indian demand for representative institutions at least लिए .
It was in this sense that the British Government recognised for the first time the importance of representation in the Indian Councils by the people of India in the ब्रिटिश Councils .
The Congress had the satisfaction of forming among them for the common purposes of political franchise for Indians .
Fresh elections to the Central Legislative Assembly which were overdue were held in the last quarter of 1945 .
Sarat Chandra Bose was the leader of the Congress Legislature Party .
The Indian Independence Act 1947 introduced some changes .
The provisions of the Act of 1935 which required the Governor - General or the Governor to act in accordance with his discretion or in his individual judgement .
The Dominion Legislature was vested with full power to make laws . including laws having a deterrent effect .
The Governor - General ' s Council was constituted by the Council of Ministers to aid and advise him in the discharge of his functions .
The legislative powers of the Governor - General were removed and power was conferred on him to promulgate ordinances only in case of emergency for the peace and good government of the state .
Parliament and State Legislatures The Constitution of India has established a federal system of government in the country as there is a distribution of legislative executive and financial powers between the Union and the States.
But it is extremely doubtful if Indian polity can be described as federal or federal .
The word संविधान is nowhere used in the text of the Constitution.
In fact the proposal to describe India as a फेडरशन was specifically turned down in the Constituent Assembly .
Article 1 of the Constitution described India as the Union of States .
There are many features of the Constitution and there are several provisions which very clearly and strongly हैं against it being a federal Constitution .
Unlike the United States of America the citizenship in India is one ; the flag is one ; the Constitution is one .
The Judiciary also is an integrated one and not divided between the Union and the States .
But in short there can be difference of opinion in regard to whether Indian polity is federal unitary or quasi - federal or it is a polity which is unitary in spirit but federal in structure .
The Union of India now consists of 25 states and seven Union Territories ( as specified in the First Schedule of the Constitution .
The Executive has the right to formulate the budget .
The Constitution provides for an annual statement of the estimated receipts and expenditure to be placed before the Parliament .
It has full freedom to suggest how revenue should be raised to meet the expenditure and thus the Government can take all the steps in public financial matters .
No taxes can be legally levied and no expenditure incurred from the public exchequer without specific parliamentary authorisation by law .
The 19th century British concept of parliamentary control over the Executive is no more valid even in the ब्रिटिश of ब्रिटिश ( British Parliament ) .
The Parliament ' s Government का control .
Through the members' questions sometimes the ministers concerned themselves get better informed about the departments under their charge and the weak spots therein requiring priority attention .
Still another procedural device is that of Calling Attention Notices .
A member may with the previous permission of the Speaker call the attention of a minister to any matter of urgent public importance and request him to make a statement on the matter .
Members can also write to the concerned ministers and ask for information which they need and such information is usually given .
Another medium for the generation of institutional information is the reports of various parliamentary committees .
The Committees in the process of investigating issues collect detailed and valuable information from the ministries and departments of the government undertakings etc. The procedural measures have become a very important instrument of arriving at matters of urgent public importance and make it an important part of the House.
Some political parties have their own research and reference staff who feed their members with the necessary information particularly from the party position .
They are a member of the latest public publications such as official and non - official publications membership of the scheduled castes and other लोगों groups such as the निर्वाचन the official and non - official publications the membership of the ministries and the press .
The Press plays a particularly important informational role in parliamentary life .
Parliament is becoming more representative of the people of India of the level of their political awareness of their lack of sophistication and of their problems their hopes and aspirations .
वर्ग politics is gradually giving way to a healthy politics .
Besides an average member of Parliament looks upon as its primary duty to represent its people and to ventilate their problems difficulties and grievances and strive to remove them.
For if the Executive is responsible to the Parliament the Parliament and its members are also answerable to the people .
The member is the chief communication link between the people he represents and the Parliament and the Government .
The member can do so by fully utilising the various procedural devices available and making it possible for this purpose in the House and through the Committee of Petitions and other Parliamentary Committees .
The proposals for consideration and acceptance of the policies of the Central Government are binding on the legislative proposals or financial bill ; the President ' s Address on the देश Motion on the देश Budget etc. which the members are free to reflect and express their views during debate and discussion .
In fact the Parliament has been in the forefront of social reform .
At the beginning of the Constitution many laws have been enacted by Parliament to provide for social reforms i . e . legislation in which the backward classes of the society ' s backward classes the reservation for Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes respectively.
Parliament does not create laws .
For this purpose he has neither the time nor the necessary information .
As in other matters so in the case of international legislation the initiative is taken entirely by the Executive and the administrative departments .
The modern concept of law is not to suggest that it is a set of rules of general application and so on .
Law is a process ; a long and complicated procedure which is linked to earlier social trends ; the first necessity and action to be followed by the सदनों of the सदनों as well as the सदनों of the सदनों and the laws concerned governments and other matters involved .
Thus it cannot be said that law - making does not constitute a body of persons or any part of the State ; the three organs of the State such as the Legislature the Executive the Legislature and the Legislature of the State play the role of legislation .
में 3. 1 at the end of this chapter shows how much time the Lok Sabha spent on different types of functions ( संविधायी of the Constitution ) the Parliament ' s constituent role ( amendment to the Constitution made under the Article 368 of the Constitution .
The procedure for constitutional amendment as spelled out in that article has certain distinctive features which clearly mark out the Parliament ' s constituent capacity from its ordinary role as a legislature .
First an amendment of the Constitution can be initiated only by raising a Bill in either House of Parliament ( as the initiative for amendment of the Constitution is reserved for Parliament alone .
Second in most cases the provisions of the Constitution can be amended by Parliament by a special majority namely a majority of not less than two - thirds of the members of each House present and voting .
Only in the case of the constitutional provisions of a limited category ( i . e . in the List of Seventh Schedule ) provisions in Parliament relating to the representation in the States ( article 352 ) etc. ( with a special majority ) Bill passed by Parliament .
Third the Constitution Amendment Bill having been duly passed and moved before the President has to give his assent to the Bill and the option shall not be returned to the House for a review of the Bill or for a review of the Bill .
Record of procedure is the complete responsibility of the proceedings of the two Houses of Parliament prepared and published .
Certain words or phrases held विवाद and विवाद by the Presiding Officer or वाक्यों not recorded under his orders are not included in the official record of the proceeding .
Also parliamentary reporters take down the proceedings in shorthand in हैं or turns of five or ten minutes .
The printed volumes of the debates are available in Hindi and English text .
The Constitution does not express any provisions for the freedom of the press but it has been settled by judicial decisions that freedom of speech and expression includes freedom of the press .
All persons relating to the publication of proceedings of either House of Parliament have been given complete immunity from proceedings in any Court under the Constitution ; but the condition is that such publication shall be released by the authority of the House under article 105 .
He enjoys supreme authority over the secretarial staff the precincts of the House and the Parliament House Estate .
He represents the freedom of the House and represents the freedom of the House since the House represents the freedom of the nation and because the House becomes the symbol of national independence it is only fair that such prestige becomes extra - ordinary people and is always ' free .
Prior to 1921 the Governor - General of India used to preside over the sittings of the Legislative Council .
The institution of the Speaker in India dates back to 1921 when the Central Legislative Assembly was first constituted under the Montague - Chelmsford reforms .
Sir Frederick फ्रेडरिक was appointed by the Governor - General as the first Speaker of the Assembly for a period of four years on 3rd February 1921 .
Shri Vithalbhai Patel was the first non - official to be elected the Speaker of the Assembly on 24 August 1925 .
He was re - elected on 20 January 1927 and remained in his office till 28 April 1930 at which he resigned his post .
Shri Patel had the distinction of being the first Indian and the first elected Speaker of the Central Legislature .
Shri G. V. Mavalankar was chosen as the first Speaker of the first Parliament constituted after the first general elections after independence .
The functions and duties of the Chairman Rajya Sabha as the Presiding Officer of the House and as the head of the Secretariat of the House are almost the same as those of the Lok Sabha .
The President appointed Shri Mavalankar to perform the duties of the Speaker until the first Speaker of the First Lok Sabha was duly elected . 23 .
Because of its relative simplicity and ease with which it is made use of the question procedure as compared to other forms of parliamentary procedure is becoming increasingly popular with the members of Parliament .
This is evident from the number of questions admitted and answered in the public meetings already in existence .
The number of questions admitted was 98 98,390 during the Eighth and 21 550 during the Ninth Lok Sabha .
It is also seen that out of the number of notices received during sessions 40 to 70 per cent is admitted but on account of the specific limit of मानसून and मानसून questions covered by the list only 30 per cent and 33 per cent respectively.
The importance of the Question Hour has been very much proved by certain instances when questions closely pursued by vigilant members led to - inquiries by the government into matters concerning the violation of statutes government ' s policies or धन of public funds .
Some of them are: इस्पात where investigations were made : the Jeep के ( 1951 ) the इस्पात Deal ( 1989 ) 1957 the Imports Licence Case ( 1974 ) and the investigation of steel deals in the case and the possibility of consumption of beef .
These facts amply demonstrate the efficacy of the question procedure and utility of the Question Hour .
It was also called the hour of the hour as the House proceeded for the full hour i . e . g . i . e . g . p . g . p . g . p . g . p . g . p . P . P . P . P . P . P . P . P . P . P . P . P . P . P . P . P . P . P . P . P . P . P . P . P . P . P . P
These two provisions ensure that the Government cannot dispense with the Parliament for a period of more than one year because every proposal of expenditure gets the sanction of Parliament for one year only .
The Constitution provides for a Consolidated Fund of India to which all revenues received by way of loans are raised by way of advances etc .
The expenditure is so included in the budget : ( a ) balances so required to meet certain items of expenditure charged in the Constitution on the Consolidated Fund of India ; and b ( required for meeting India ) ;
The first category can be discussed in both the Houses but is not submitted to vote of either House .
In other words a बजट is the non - मतदान part of the budget .
No such demand can be made except on the recommendation of the President .
No money from the Consolidated Fund of India can be withdrawn from the Appropriation Act passed by the Parliament ; otherwise not otherwise .
The All - Parties Conference organised at Bombay on 19 May 1928 appointed a committee under the chairmanship of Motilal Nehru to formulate the principle of the Constitution of India .
The Report embodied not only the perspective of the contemporary nationalist ideology but also a framework of the draft constitution of India .
The draft of the Constitution of India was based on the principle of Dominion Status.
It laid down some fundamental rights and provided for a federal system with maximum autonomy granted to the units but residuary powers vested in the Central Government .
Almost twenty - one years later it was incorporated in the Constitution of free India adopted by the Constituent Assembly on 26 November 1949 .
The White Paper issued after the third Round Table Conference outlined the British government ' s proposal for constitutional reforms in India .
In June 1934 the Congress Working Committee declared that the only satisfactory alternative to the White Paper was the preparation of a Constitution by an elected Constituent Assembly on the basis of adult franchise .
This was the first occasion when a formal demand for the Constituent Assembly was introduced .
The Executive of the All India Congress Committee at its meeting held at Patna on 5 - 7 December 1934 adopted a proposal which ठुकरा the scheme of constitutional reform as recommended in the report of the Joint Parliamentary Committee ( 1933 - 34 ) agreed to this constitution .
Second the work load of the House is enormous.
It does not have the time to undertake detailed investigations or even to discuss every matter at length .
The full and widespread scrutiny of technical and other matters by Committees saves the days of the House and at the same time the Parliament can devote its time to discussing vital matters and not in matters relating to policy and wide import .
Third matters dealt with by Committees are often such as need to be considered in greater depth with utmost care and expedition away from the glare of publicity in a calmer and so far as possible non - partisan environment .
स्थान different views and effecting compromises through give - and - take are accomplished more easily in committee atmosphere than in the House itself where by and large members operate on the basis of party loyalties and are naturally concerned with building a public image .
Fourth since there is not much difference in the actually composition of the two Chambers in the Indian Parliament the सदन Rajya Sabha has become almost a parallel House .
Even if this were not so the Rajya Sabha could hardly be considered to be the traditional cooling or revising Chamber the सदन or the house of elders or experts guarding against hasty or faulty legislation .
Under the circumstances the Select Committees and the Joint Committees on Bills may inter alia perform the role of the traditional Second House .
Fifth in a party system that is ruled by a party like the दलीय in the Indian Parliament ( संसद ) some of the Committees perform functions that would otherwise belong to the opposition - they keep the Executive on its toes and prevent its becoming arbitrary .
The Secretariats thus function as independent entities under the supervision and control of the Chairman or the Speaker as the case may be .
In accordance with well - established conventions the orders issued by the Government of India to its ministries and departments not automatically applicable to the officers and staff of the Lok Sabha and the officers and staff of the Rajya Sabha Secretariat .
However if any modification or alteration etc. in a financial order is considered necessary the adoption order is issued after consulting the Ministry of Finance .
If the staff of the Legislature Secretariat were to depend upon the Home Ministry the Finance Ministry or any other department of the government for career prospects promotions pay scales etc. it is obvious that they could not be independent vis - a - vis the Executive .
Budget of the Two Houses of Parliament The position of independence is maintained also in respect of expenditure incurred in respect of salaries and allowances and amenities of both members and officers of the Parliament .
These expenses are met from the Consolidated Fund of India .
As in the case of other ministries of the Government of India separate demands for grants in respect of the Rajya Sabha and the Lok Sabha are also laid before both the Houses of Parliament .
The Parliament sanctions the expenditure through the Appropriation Act every year .
No cut motions or any discussion relating to the demands of the two Houses and their Secretariats is allowed in the House .
हाथ of hands to attract the attention of the Chair is not considered to be the normal parliamentary practice .
No member should speak unless he has caught the Chair ' s eye and the Chair is asked to speak.
The practice of exchanging arguments by members between themselves or of indulging in a soft of running commentary on another member ' s speech or of the minister ' s statement has been deprecated by the Speaker .
When a member is speaking in the House and any other member has during the course of the debate to raise a point of order or to offer a personal explanation with the permission of the Presiding Officer in the course of the debate he should resume his seat .
If a member wants to comment on any matter before the House or from any other member addressing a matter addressed to the House he / she needs to ask the question through the Speaker for the purpose of an explanation or any explanation .
The member should move from his appointed seat and rise .
However if a member is unable to do so for illness or disability he is allowed to speak while sitting by the Speaker .
A member should not address the members of the House while speaking but he should always address the Chair and make remarks to other members through the Chair.
The theory may appear to be a mere formality but it is practised efficiently so that the controversy does not take the form of dialogue between the members .
After examining the notice if the Speaker feels that there is no prima fade case of breach of privilege or the matter to be raised is not in order the Speaker may give his consent to the matter being made .
As far as the theory is concerned it is all right but it does not work ; said Ramalinga .
I mean that although the mind cannot seize the Brahman in the way of other things it can only be noted . "
If a small part of something is caught in the mind ' s grasp then it can be gradually drawn to it ( , ) until the whole of it has been attained .
Either it is beyond speech and thought or thought .
Also if the mind can partially conceive it can be realised through the medium of other sense organs sense of vision hearing taste smell touch smell touch and sight .
If they do that will go against the nature of Brahman .
And when the mind is closed there is the मन of Brahman .
When the mind steps in ever. so stealthily the knowledge which is also the experience of Brahman goes.
That which is beyond the understanding of mind is Brahma by which the mind is dissolved ( as the Yogi says ) is Brahma and not what is worshipped .
That which cannot be seen by the eyes but by which the eyes are seen know That is Brahman and not what is worshipped .
That which cannot be heard by the ears but by which the ears are heard know That is Brahman and not what is worshipped .
Karunguzhi years with the founding of the Sanmarga Sangam Ramalinga felt that he had sufficiently prepared himself for his mission in life .
Inspired by his mission derived from God and his devotion to God he spoke like a prophet .
He said definitely :
In his tract on Compassion he has explicitly indicated that it was irrelevant in the conduct of his करूणा work .
During the evening he gave discourses to the people who flocked from far - off places to listen to him and advised him to listen to him and his sufferings .
Sometimes when provisions ran short they would report to him and he would ask them : Your requirements will be completed by morning and indeed the next morning they would be found at the gate full of rice and vegetables .
In May 1870 after four years in Vadalur Ramalinga shifted to वडलूर .
There he was lodged in a house of the वैष्णव house of the Vaishnava cult .
It was a small building in a room .
He selected an open space of about fifty acres near the Eating House .
Seven screens of different colours hung one behind another representing seven levels of the illusion of the phenomenal world which hide the light within it by knowledge and grace .
Each room was a symbolic door : every window every pillar a pillar a pillar a pushing its arch a projected straight door leading to the north - west peripheral तख्ता of the east - west peripheral तख्ता a wooden plank and a chain .
On the occasion of the opening of the Sabhai he declared that he also gave the truth of his personal experience which we are following a few lines from his earlier opening :
A friend , who has attained the rare birth of man knows what it is the time of achievement I know because in all his efforts I have not yet attained the knowledge of which I cannot think beyond all human powers .
I desire that this great joy should also be yours.
The awareness of the universal identity of the soul that is the intention of the good path of the pure good will भर I assure you that you will find it exactly as I have done.
It was open to all castes cults creeds and religions.
They could worship from outside .
In one of his songs he claims to God that in a गीत ( 24 - minute Tamil ) he is आभार in securing the state of yoga .
While he endorsed the traditional and Vedic concept of liberation he pointed out that this was not the final aim but only the ओर step towards siddhi which is Existing in Divinity .
According to him liberation and realization are the two sides of the same सिकके release is a mature stage in existence self - development and siddhi itself.
In an attempt to reassure his disciples and followers he gave them an urgent notice .
Be sure that by me you will have to get a fruit of distress .
In a few days with the grace of God my body will be out of touch with you .
He made a statement to the Society in English ratified by Sri G. चेट्टी मद्रास Judge of the Small Cause Court of Madras and Vice - President of the Madras Theosophical Society .
The statement was published in the book 1882 on 1969 1882 and the journal The हुआ issue of July 1882 and was published in the same journal issue of September 1969 .
I believe they have to remove all such doubts and prove that . is no empty delusion nor the Society in question founded on an insecure basis .
Then after giving a brief account of the life व्यक्तित्व personality and teachings of Ramalinga Velayuda Mudaliar :
In 1867 he founded a society called Veda Sanmarga Sangam which meant for the Brotherhood which was based on the principles of universal brotherhood .
I need hardly remark that these principles are the same as the Theosophical Society.
Our society managed for five to six years but during the same period at the expense of its members many शुल्क poor people were offered free food .
But during the last four months of the year he gave up lecturing entirely and maintained an almost unbroken silence .
And when he recovered it he felt " I was no longer the same man .
It is a very important document that Evelyn आत्मा has described as one of the few authentic histories of the soul which are very small in number . "
On his return home he gave away many of his personal possessions to friends and people .
But far beyond the भौतिक of material possessions brought him neither joy nor understanding.
My life was dreary the world was like a कब्रगाह .
In such a state of mind " " suddenly one day I saw that I had been giving a page to some Sanskrit book .
While Debendranath God - intoxicated was laying the foundation of a reformed church the father seemed to dazzle his countrymen with his देशवासियों thoughts .
He would have liked his son to share his glory and to continue the family tradition of making and spending wealth but the son was totally lost in a different mission .
The father was naturally disappointed and क्षुब्ध .
He once remarked " Where is the mind to pay attention to business ? And now he has closed his eyes to it and is nothing but Brahma Brahma the whole day .
A shrewd precaution the father did take.
unaware of the fact that after his death his long detailed and full business was carried through the crisis the son was always into the clutches of debt and he made a न्यास of some real estate to take him into action .
A superb gambler he knew that fortune was an uncertain प्रेयसी .
Soon after Dwarkanath ' s death in London it was discovered that the संपत्ति s liabilities far exceeded its property .
There was a rush on the bank and the famous House of Carr Tagore & Co. had to close its doors .
Almost every year he travelled over the western Himalayas away from his home .
He was a keen observer of nature and his Autobiography is full of vivid descriptions of nature and shrewd observations on men and events .
Before one such trip at 1856 for some time he was overcome by persistent suffering and morbid sense of world weariness and self - health and wanted to spend the rest of his favourite Himalayas .
One day in September 1858 he was walking over the mountains as was his wont and stopped to enjoy the sight of a झरने .
He was led to muse on - the blind destiny of the waters so clear cool ; beautiful there! but as they entered the plains they would soon become muddy dark and दूषित .
Yet लथपथ with mud and bereft of their pride they will उपजाऊ the land and help humanity .
It was fortunate that the Maharshi had migrated from the world platform on foot from the high Himalayan platform to spend the last years of his life in God ' s sadhana for Tagore was born within three years of his Himalayan period .
The Maharshi had bestowed many संतान on the people but his most valuable gift was his fourteenth child .
The birth of the child however can be said to be something different .
Rarely in a family would the fourteenth child be particularly welcome and much less so in a family where all the elder brothers and sisters and their families lived together in one joint family .
The huge and rambling mansion at हलचलों with the same grandchildren and grandchildren and the visit of an additional member had little significance .
The child was named Rabindranath or Rabi for short.
She was a healthy and little boy although she was not as much like his brothers and sisters her elder sister देवी Devi would likely be able to catch up with her younger brother - in - law ' s hair how many would she have been .
When the little boy grew up he was relegated to the house by nephews and पला of more or less the same age to the care of the servants.
The mother whose health had broken down after the birth of the fifteenth child had a vast household to supervise with many daughters and daughters - in - law sons and sons - in - law and their children .
The Tagores of a joint Hindu family grew up with a few new ones and one of them was to be accepted as the usual members of the family ठाकुर .
Sarada Devi must have been a woman of uncommon character - who had kept her close to such a great house with great skill and patience .
It is a pity that not more is known of this remarkable woman who made possible others' greatness while leaving little trace of her own.
But the husband so dedicated to religious reforms had not the time to spare for his wife .
His eldest son द्विजेन्द्रनाथ a man of gigantic intellect - poet कवि musician , philosopher and mathematician .
Whatever he did shows his great original genius the imagination of his mind is marked by lyrical flowing and emotional .
His experiments in poetic composition ingenious and daring left a deep impress on the mind of his youngest brother .
As a writer of uncommon thinker and philosopher he was not qualified for comparison .
He invented the shorthand in Bengali and wrote a manual on it in verse which has been described by a discerning critic as “a monument of बंग्ला as well as a metrical wonder. "
Her second son Satyendranath was the first Indian to break into the stronghold of the Indian Civil Service .
But at the same time he was much more talented .
He was a fine scholar of Sanskrit and had an extraordinary control over Bengali and English writings .
He was the first writer to introduce Marathi religious poetry to Bengali readers .
He translated the Maharshi ' s Autobiography in English which was later published by मैकमिलन देवेन्द्रनाथ London .
His young wife was a girl of considerable beauty and intelligence रहने but like most women of that period she lived in the illiterate and पर्दे
He succeeded in educating her not only in Bengali and English but in all the accomplishments of the age .
His son Surendra and daughter Indira were very beautiful and gifted with him since her first visit to England for studies and when she was a semi - literate lady recognized as a bachelor ' s बंग्ला in Bengali literature .
Sarada Devi ' s third son शारदा who died comparatively young at the age of forty मृत्यु remembered him with great respect as his youngest brother Tagore who wrote for his early education days .
अंग्रेजी . on which the child Rabi and his companions had a burden of reading had insisted that the children should be taught not in English but in their mother tongue .
Years later on he wrote of this short boon : " Study process must be more or less like the process of eating .
The stomach is awakened to its function before it is loaded so that its digestive juices get full digestion .
My obeisance to the memory of that late soul . "
He strove to break the British monopoly of shipping and industry and nearly ruined himself financially in the process.
He had a tremendous impact on the intellectual and poetic development of his younger and more famous brother .
Sarada Devi ' s second child was the eldest of his two daughters . बंगाल who later looked after the infant poet and who was also a brilliant महिला and gifted wife to her younger artist and she was also a daughter of बंगाल .
They had to pay dearly for their motherhood and had little surplus .
The hunger for mother ' s affection never appeased in childhood was to survive in the son as a recurring longing for feminine affection and affection .
And years later when the romantic poet remembers his childhood there is no sign of self - pity .
Rather he congratulated himself on his good luck for having been spared the dangerous luxury of being अलग and indulgence by the लाड .
Though no child was loved very much the family had the reputation of showing the aristocratic ways of life the children of the household were brought up more or less easily .
For love enlarges the understanding.
The difference between friendship and love is that in the beginning where two persons and the world are realized the other two persons are the world of men .
In friendship one plus one are three ; in love a plus one is one . "
" Suffering is another word for obsession .
That is why the sight of beauty brings joy by taking us out of itself . "
Some say that a woman is like a zero ; so when she is placed on the स्त्री ( and on the right side of a ( ह्य1हृ ) she surrenders like a Muslim queen ( ह्य10हृ ) that acts like a wrong woman as she does .
Needless to say I do not agree with those who thus malign the fair sex. "
" Our old बुजुर्गों said that modesty is woman ' s best ornaments .
But women put on so many ornaments that there is little room left for them . "
He stayed in Ahmedabad for just four months but this period marks a stage in his mental development .
They do it for the joy of laughter .
I also remember that I first heard the appreciation of the colour of my personality and that was often very delicately given.
For instance दाढी she had forced me to apply one thing especially though it was " you never keep a beard .
But she herself did not live to see my disobedience proclaimed upon my face . "
He gave her the name Nalini the name of the imaginary sweetheart in his long narrative poem कविता ' Kavi थी ' published long ago .
He read this poem to her and for that she had translated it into English .
He was not only inspired by this poem but it was repeated again and again in a number of poems he had for a long time .
But Rabindranath never forgot her memory and his references to her in his later life whether in conversation or in writing are instinct with tenderness and respect .
In September 1878 Rabindra sailed for England with his elder brother Satyendranath .
Dr . N . K . डा of the recent past gave me deep information on which a camera is the name of a bird and in a पार्टी party Miss - asked me that I had seen कैमरा earlier .
The houses are well furnished and clean and the floor well - polished and clean ; so the idea of sanitation here is something different from us .
While we do not mind having a spittoon in the room here where people seem to suffer much more from cold and cough they prefer to spit in their थूकना which they put back in their pockets .
Women may be very particular about their appearance but they wash their face wash regularly the hands and arms .
In many houses there are no bathrooms at all . "
Apart from the vast differences between our own country and the women here they have in common .
His elder brother realised that if Rabindra was to derive any benefit from his education abroad he should be made to live alone .
He poured himself out in a cascade of songs and wrote his first musical play " नाटक " .
The author has already cautioned us that the play was not meant to be read but to be seen and heard on the stage .
In Rabindranath ' s version it is not the plight of a bird that moves the robber chief but the कातर cry of a young girl caught hold of by his followers who propose to sacrifice her to the goddess Kali .
Moved to pity Valmiki उनसे the girl दस्यु the gang and wanders in search of his true cause .
The goddess Saraswati reveals herself to him and tells him that she had come as the girl to उत्प्रेरित the human pity .
She offers him the gift of song and says: " The music of pity which melted your stony heart shall become in your voice the music of humanity softening and मंजुल millions of hearts .
Your voice shall से from land to land and many poets will echo your song . "
With this play Rabindra led his revolt against the prevailing orthodox tradition in Indian music .
While caring for both the classical and folk traditions he respected the inviolable sanctity of neither and freely took from each other in fulfilling his objective which was essential .
He was not even averse to borrowing from western melodies although he did nothing of it but made it his own as he had made it his own .
Whatever be the case he did not show any enthusiasm in the new picture of abstract music .
His own music is so inextricably blended with the poetry of the song that it is almost impossible to separate the musical mode from the poetic point of view .
But it is also true that some of them fail to catch the complicated music of the words गुंथे in their songs .
He had heard serious European music too during his stay in England and had gradually learnt to appreciate its beauties .
What he admired about European music was its romantic character its aspect of variety of abundance of the waves on the see of life of the ever - changing light and shade on their ceaseless तरंगों .
He had read in Herbert Spencer ' s The भाषा and Function of Music that it is emotion that gives है to speech .
Article 1 ( 3 ) of the Constitution made it clear that the Union of India could acquire foreign territories .
( भारत ) Union of India ( 1970 ) 3 SCC 100 ) .
Under Articles 2 3 4 and 4 of the Constitution the Union Parliament can by ordinary legislation admit or establish new States in the Union alter the name regional regions and boundaries of the existing States .
Under the citizenship provisions a single citizenship has been provided to all the people of India and no double citizenship of the Union and of the States as in the United States .
Thus संप्रभुता the Preamble provisions of our Constitution put an end to concepts of traditional संघवाद संप्रभुता divided sovereignty autonomy of States etc .
Moreover the founding fathers of the राज्यों sought to clarify for all times that Sovereignty in our scheme of things vests in the people themselves and that all the organs and functionaries of the Union and the States drew their powers from the people of India .
Socialism The founding fathers did not want the Constitution to be wedded to any particular ideology or ism or to be limited by any economic doctrine .
They did not therefore agree to include any reference inter alia to , socialism .
But the Preamble did mention the resolve to secure to all citizens economic justice and equality of status and opportunity .
The Constitution Forty - Second Amendment Act 1976 introduced the Socialist word to qualify our Republic .
It is the most powerful poem in this whole book virile and intense.
Rahu . is a demon who is in love with the moon and eternally chases her is in Rabindranath ' s poem the sensual greedy and devouring aspect of love which is ever present like a shadow.
Whatever else the young poet had seen or not seen of life at large is essential to his love .
Innocent and sublime as he imagined this love to be he could not have altogether escaped its agony and biting .
He was with them , who they loved best and feeling that they were growing in strength every day even if they were a slow - off day .
The early हृदय and the nameless hunger the क्षुधा which he had so हृदय now lost his way for जीवन and impartial insight which he had now pursued with all his enthusiasm the world and the joy of life which he had started .
The text of the Preamble as amended gives almost the highest place of honour to the objective of socialism .
It is mentioned next only to the rich .
But the term समाजवाद was not defined in the Constitution .
It has different meanings to different people and has no definite definition .
Dictionary meaning of the word would imply in full or in part placing means of production and distribution in public hands i . e . under public ownership or control .
Socialism meant elimination of inequality in income and status and standards of living .
The woman never loses her anguish .
Soon afterwards in blank verse also in the story of बलि the confrontation between the King and the Queen is viewed in a totally different scenario .
The Queen is aligned with forces of reaction against her own husband .
The conflict in पति is more dramatic and varied in its intensity between the husband and wife between the mundane power of man and the priestly authority between love and duty between the dictate of humanity and the prescribed rules of humanity and religion .
The play ends in tragedy and the loss of an innocent life but in the process the voice of love triumphs and the Deity dethroned in the temple finds its true place in the hearts of men .
In the later years of his life यात्रा whenever he stayed on a journey .
If he could not go far he would have changed his residence .
This time the poet did not send a letter to Bharati ' s house but he kept a diary which was published after his return as he came from a weekly called The यूरोप of Europe - Bangladesh Diary .
His diaries as in almost all his prose writings are a charming and delightful piece of writing which is full of brilliant observations .
The first entry is dated 22 August 1880 - when I left Bombay on the steamer .
In the days of Kalidasa a lover separated from his mistress by a few hundred miles had to implore a cloud - messenger to carry his tidings to her and needed several cantos of verse for this purpose .
In the steam age a गीत or a lyric would में in the nuclear age even a दोहा perhaps be too much.
But this kind of ship would have effect only when the ship started to जहाज and in due to the monsoon the अरब started to go to the हिचकोले river in the Arabian Sea .
As during his first voyage Rabindranath took his cabin and did not stir outside for four consecutive days .
During the coming years of his life he had learned how to become a good sailor and did a good sea - travel but he never grew to love the sea as he loved the rivers of Bengal .
The ocean - liner seemed to him to be a castle of inanimate दुर्ग where the passengers did not know how to break their time ?
( राज्य v ) Bombay State AIR 1960 V . 51 ) Article 4 has made it clear that under articles 2 and 3 new states will be established or passed without changes in the Constitution and territories by the existing ones .
Therefore the Constitution ( Ninth Amendment ) Act was passed to give effect to the transfer of part of the राज्य राज्य territory to Pakistan .
The map of India with the ease that India ' s map has been को over the last four decades is a clear indication of the inadequacy of the Constitution and flexibility of article 2 and 3 and their justification .
PART II नागरिकता 5 - 11 Citizenship constitutes the indispensable foundational principle of democratic polity .
Broadly the amended section 3 of the principal Act provided that citizenship by birth could be acquired by a person only if either of his parents was a citizen of India at the time of birth .
Besides the Act made provisions for acquisition of Indian citizenship by birth , origin , registration . . or through incorporation of the territory .
Likewise it provided for termination of citizenship by way of renunciation voluntary acquisition of citizenship of another country or through compulsory deprivation by the Government of India from citizenship on certain grounds .
The Act also made specific provisions regarding Commonwealth Citizenship .
Any person born outside India after 26 January 1950 subject to certain requirements will be a citizen of India ; if his father was a citizen of India at the time of his birth .
It is important to remember in regard to the citizenship provisions in the Constitution and the law that the founding fathers decided to provide for a single Indian citizenship with a view to building an integrated Indian nation and a united fraternity .
All citizens irrespective of their birth in any State have the same rights and duties all over the country without distinction .
PART III - III अधिकार 12 - 35 When the Constituent Assembly took over the task of framing the Constitution the first aim was to create a right discrimination .
A comprehensive charter of rights was soon evolved through various stages in the Assembly and its Committees .
Dr .
Coming closely on the heels of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights India ' s Constitution मानव the contemporary democratic and humanitarian temper and constitutional practice in other countries of the world .
It was a testimony to how eager the founding fathers were to incorporate and implement the fundamental principles enunciated in the Universal Declaration .
Also incorporation of a charter of fundamental rights in our Constitution became necessary in view of the special problem of minorities and the need to assure them of the fullest protection of their rights .
The values of freedom and equality befitting the dignity of man are very asserted in the Preamble .
These fundamental rights substantially cover all the traditional civil and political rights enumerated in articles 2 to 21 of the Universal Declaration .
Protection of equality before law and common protection of all laws ( article 14 ) in respect of conviction for offences ( article 20 ) protection of life and personal liberty ( article 21 ) protection of arrest and detention of all persons ( article 22 ) .
But there are rights which can be claimed only by citizens : such as religion based on profession caste creed sex or place of birth ( articles 15 ) नागरिकों of opportunity ( articles 16 ) नागरिकों of public employment and speeches articles 16 ) .
Originally article 19 ( f ) and article 31 contained the right of the property to acquire hold and dispose of the property that is to be acquired by the authority of the State ' s law for the public purpose .
But when the Constitution ( 44th Amendment ) Act 1978 1978 has omitted sub - clause ( f ) of Article 19 ( f ) and all Article 31 ( f ) the right to property has not been a fundamental right since .
Articles द्वारा and द्वारा inserted by the First Constitutional Amendment and article की inserted by the Twenty - fifth Amendment sought to provide for the acquisition of estates in the Ninth Schedule to the laws provided for protection of the estates Acts and regulations specified by the Directive Principles .
Articles 33 - 35 enable the Parliament to बलों on the defence forces by part 3 of the Constitution .
It is true that the fundamental human rights enshrined in the Constitution of India are hedged परिसीमाओं many limitations and restrictions .
The fundamental rights which the individual enjoys are in the nature of limitations or restrictions on the actions of the state .
( State of West Bengal v. Subodh Gopal Bose AIR 1954 SC 92 ) .
Though it does not specifically refer to the freedom of the press this right has been held to be included in the right to freedom of speech and expression .
In other words the armed rebellion the युद्ध the waging of war against the युद्ध State the resistance of the state the security of the state could be most threatened .
It would therefore be reasonable to give expression to ideas or to lead to incitement or to offences like murder - LRB - article 19 ( 2 ) - RRB - of the State of Bihar AIR 1952 SC 329 ) .
Every speech which tends to overthrow the State can be made punishable ( Santosh Singh v. Delhi Administration AIR 1973 SC दंडनीय ) .
However happiness is that in recent years the court has adopted a liberal view of the law of contempt ( see AIR 1978 SC 1978 AIR 1978 SC 1978 ) .
नहीं The right to free speech and expression does not entitle a citizen to defame a person .
According to this definition it is libel to invite a person with contempt or humiliation .
भी for crime ; this ground for imposing restrictions on freedom of speech and expression was added in 1951 .
The Supreme Court has taken the view that incitement to murder or other violent crimes would generally endanger the security of the state .
( State of Bihar v. देवी Devi AIR 1952 SC 329 ) .
The right to ban the right to freedom of speech and expression was inserted in 1963 by the constitutional amendment in 1963 so that no person could challenge the integrity or sovereignty of India or any part of the territory of India .
Meetings processions and demonstrations are inevitable लोकतंत्रात्मक of a democratic system .
Generally the protection afforded by these rights is utilised to challenge the validity of अधिकारों or deportation orders which go down the two freedoms .
In the case of the Delhi State ( AIR 1950 SC दिया ) the Supreme Court held that it was not illegal for merely reason that the order of the कार्यपालिका does not depend on the individual resolution of the Executive .
In another case the court held that the law which held to a citizen was not likely to deceive the award of reasonable penalty in the event of breach of the permit regulations under the Act or the imposition of such damages to a person .
Restrictions to protect the interests of the Scheduled Tribes have been provided keeping in view mostly the aboriginal tribes which have their own distinct culture Hindu - Muslim languages and customs .
Cultural and Educational Rights Protection of the interests of the minorities Article 29 guarantees the right of every section of the citizens residing anywhere in India who have their own distinct language character script or culture . the right to maintain it .
College . Bhatinda v. State of Punjab AIR 1971 SC 1971 ;
College . Bhatinda v. State of Punjab AIR 1971 SC 1971 ;
By seeking to avoid possible conflict between the rights of the individual and the needs of the community where on the one hand the necessary restrictions on fundamental rights " public interest " etc are imposed ; there on the other issues of a more definitive state policy .
It is therefore clear that these constitutional directives were not intended to be merely moral precepts but were to be treated as positive mandates and part and parcel of the human rights provisions of the Constitution .
But उपजते : The Directive Principles did not give rise to any legal rights for violations of which no person could seek remedy nor did they give any power to the legislature .
Speaking in the Constituent Assembly Dr .
Ambedkar had categorically said that the Directive Principles were not intended to be mere pious घोषणाएं .
The Directive Principles are an effective part of the Constitution and are an important part of this vision for the Constitution seeks to achieve the ideals of a democratic welfare state in the Preamble and to the realization of the social and economic revolution that the founding fathers .
The Preamble the Fundamental Rights and the Directive Principles together .
Both the Fundamental Rights and the Directive Principles are the soul of the Constitution .
It is now clear that there is no essential dichotomy between Rights and Duties or between the Fundamental Rights and the Directive Principles .
They are complement and supplement each other .
While proposing a motion for the अधिकारों of the Constitution ( First Amendment ) Bill 1951 1951 to the Select Committee Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru refers to the possibility of a struggle between fundamental rights and the Directive Principles and the manner in which this difficulty was noticed .
But where no single party can afford to have a government on its own - there are so many समूहों and many groups are transformed .
In the matter of power of Parliament the Supreme Court has also observed different points of view ( . of A ) v. State of Madras ( AIR 1950 SC 1951 ) the Union of India AIR 1951 SC 1951 Prasad ( राज्य ) .
It has however been held in the Gopalan case that within the specified limits of its powers the Parliament is supreme .
Functions of Parliament Traditionally the main function of the Legislature is to make laws .
Under article 245 - 246 Parliament can make laws for the whole or any part of India within its area of competence as defined and delimited under the distribution of legislative powers between the Union and the States vide the Seventh Schedule .
Only the Parliament can legislate in respect of the Union List .
Both the Union and the States have concurrent power to legislate in respect of entries in the concurrent proceedings .
If there is a conflict between the Union and the State laws the former prevails ( article 254 ) .
The residuary powers also vest in the Parliament ( Article शक्तियां of the Union List and entry ( 97 ) .
In a number of articles the Parliament has been given authority to make laws in various matters dealing with such powers as may be provided by Parliament by law otherwise provided by Parliament " Parliament may not by Parliament by law ' and so on .
No grounds arguments proofs or justification are required .
Parliamentary control over public finance : power to levy or modify taxes and voting of supplies and grants is the most important checks against the Executive assuming arbitrary powers .
No taxes can be legally levied and no expenditure incurred from the public exchequer without specific parliamentary authorization by law ( articles 114 - 116 and 265 ) .
Administrative accountability is ensured through legislation through parliamentary devices like , , questions discussions on various motions संसद scrutiny through the संसद Committee and the minister who actually represents the Parliament and controls his department on behalf of Parliament .
For further study see Subhash C. Kashyap . Our Parliament संसद National Book Trust New Delhi .
Judges of the Supreme Court are to be paid such salaries as may be determined by Parliament by law and until so determined salaries as specified in the Second Schedule ( article 125 ) .
When the post of Chief Justice of India is vacant or when Chief Justice is unable to attend the duties of his office the Chief Justice from the other judges of the President shall appoint a Chief Justice ( कर्तव्यों ) of the Chief Justice ( कर्तव्यों ) for absence .
If the quorum of judges of that court are not available at any time to hold or to hold the session of the Supreme Court the Chief Justice of India is empowered to appoint judges of a High Court as the Judges of the Supreme Court .
He can do so only with previous consent of the President and after consultation with the Chief Justice of the High Court concerned .
The judge so appointed is duty bound to give priority to the Supreme Court duties .
The Chief Justice of India may invite and appoint a retired judge of the Supreme Court or a retired Judge of the Supreme Court as a retired Judge of a High Court preferably as a retired Judge of the Supreme Court as he felt necessary .
This also can be done with the consent of the President and also of the person to be so appointed ( articles 127 and 128 ) .
Power and jurisdiction of the Supreme Court :
The President may seek the opinion of the Supreme Court on any question of law or fact of public importance on which he thinks it expedient to obtain such an opinion .
After such reference from the President the Supreme Court will report its opinion on the President after such hearing as it deems fit .
The President is free to recognise it or not .
The President may also seek the assistance of the Supreme Court through a similar reference on any treaty agreement covenant engagement प्रसंविदा engagement प्रसंविदा engagement प्रसंविदा or other similar instrument which had been entered into or executed before the commencement of this Constitution and thereafter the appeal lies with the Supreme Court .
Under article 138 the Supreme Court shall have such further jurisdiction and powers with respect to any of the matters in the Union List as Parliament may by law .
This enlarges the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court and provides it with very special jurisdiction to hear cases of most urgent nature directly and in its original jurisdiction for speedy disposal .
The due process of law gives wide scope to the Supreme Court to grant protection to the rights of its citizens .
It can declare laws violative of these rights void not only on substantive grounds of being unlawful but also on procedural grounds of being inappropriate .
It is not expected to go into the question of its reasonableness suitability or policy implications.
The Supreme Court pronounces its judgement on a specific case through a specific petition .
He does not give opinion or advice on general directions .
There should be an aggrieved person who petitions the Court to challenge the constitutionality of the statute which has adversely affected his rights .
He has to show that he has suffered from immediate injury as a result of the enforcement of the statute and that the injury complained of is शिकायत .
This decision has left the न्यायिक individual or NGOs to seek judicial relief in the interest of the public .
The law declared to be binding by Article 141 the law declared by the Supreme Court shall be binding on all courts within the territory of India .
Therefore if the Supreme Court declares a law as opposed to the Constitution even if it is a legislative competence or a violation of fundamental rights it will be binding on all courts in the territory of India .
Independence of the कार्यपालिका In a representative democracy administration of justice assumes special significance in view of the rights of individuals which need protection against executive or legislative interference .
An independent and supreme judiciary is an essential requisite of a federal polity wherein there is a constitutional division of powers between the federal government and governments of the constituent units and a functional division of powers between the executive राज्य legislature and the judiciary .
Also an independent and impartial judiciary is an essential requisite for ensuring human rights and protecting democracy .
Only an independent judiciary can act effectively as the guardian of the rights of the individual and the Constitution .
The Constitution provides for a High Court for each state .
Parliament may however establish by law a common High Court for two or more States or for two or more States and a Union territory ( articles न्यायालय and न्यायालय ) .
A higher court issues any inferior court or tribunal and it is intended to prohibit it from exceeding its jurisdiction .
Besides writs the High Courts under Article 226 can also issue other directions and orders in the interest of justice ( T. C . 440 v. न्यायालय AIR 1954 SC 440 ) .
( For a Public Interest Litigation ) the President under the ' Court ' is appointed by the Governor in consultation with the High Court .
A person who is not already in government service - must have at least seven years' experience at the bar to become eligible for the post of a District Judge ( article 233 ) .
Article 20वें inserted by the twentieth Amendment Act validated the appointments of and judgements etc. delivered by certain district judges ( articles 233 ) .
Appointment of persons other than district judges to the judicial service of a state shall be made by the Governor in accordance with rules made thereunder.
Besides the State Public Service Commission the High Court has to be consulted in the matter of such appointments ( article नियुक्तियों ) .
It can therefore be said that there are several States within the Constitution of India .
Generally speaking provisions for the States follow the Union - style .
At the State also the parliamentary system of Government with a constitutional Head and the ministers are responsible to the popular and elected House of the Legislature .
The real executive power is exercised by the minister .
The President may at any time withdraw from his post ( g . the Sun Narayan v. Union of India AIR 1982 .
Some of the Governors may have to discharge certain special responsibilities also under articles से to 371 .
The executive power of the State is vested in the Governor and is to be exercised by him either directly or through officers subordinate to him in accordance with the Constitution ( article अधिकारियों ) .
The executive power of the State is सह with its legislative power .
The Advocate - General in the State appoints the Chairman and members of the State Public Service Commission and the judges of subordinate courts ( articles 165 316 283 165 and 165 ) .
The Governor appoints the Chief Minister and other ministers on the advice of the Chief Minister .
In practice the word सभा means that only a person supported by a majority in the Assembly is to be appointed the Chief Minister and the Council holds office until it attains the confidence of the House ( article सभा ) .
He may also nominate to the Legislative Assembly a person of the Anglo - Indian community ; if he feels the community needs representation in the Assembly and is not adequately represented in the Assembly ( article सभा ) .
The Government of India Act 1935 1935 proposed to set up a federal polity in India with a central government and the Provinces deriving their jurisdiction and powers from the Crown .
Since a limited responsible government was established only at the provincial level the nationalists naturally asked for more powers for provincial legislatures .
When the Constituent Assembly met in 1946 and early 1947 the idea was to have a federation with a Centre having limited powers .
Before the Union Constitution Committee could transact any worthwhile business the Mountbatten Plan of 3 June 1947 was declared .
All hopes of preserving the unity of the nation vanished and the partition of the country on communal lines became a firm decision .
The Union Constitution Committee and the Provincial Constitution Committee decided at a joint meeting on 5 June that in view of the 3 June announcement the limitations imposed by the Cabinet Mission ' s plan on the form of the constitution had disappeared .
When Partition became a reality there was no need to appease the Muslim League and restrict the powers of the Union Government .
If there is an बीच between the laws made by Parliament under article 249 and 250 laws and the laws laid down by the State Legislatures the law made by Parliament will अभिभावी the laws made by Parliament and the laws made by an 251 law (
According to article 252 two or more State Legislatures by passing a resolution may ask Parliament to make laws on any matter in the State List .
Such laws can be extended to other States provided the concerned State Legislatures pass resolutions to that effect .
Articles 256 to 265 seek to regulate administrative relations between the Union and the States .
It is common in federal systems that the administrative relations between the Union and the States are fraught with difficulties.
The Constitution of India seeks to achieve a smooth working relationship between the two planes .
It provides that the executive powers of the State Government are to be exercised in such a way as to ensure compliance with the laws made by Parliament .
The Union Executive is also empowered to give such directions to the States which appear to the Government of India to be necessary for this purpose .
Under article 258 the President may with the consent of a State Government entrust to that Government or its officers functions in relation to any matter to which the Union Executive power is extended .
Similarly under Section 258 ( 2 ) the Governor of a State may with the consent of the Government of India entrust to that Government or to its officers functions in relation to any matter to which the executive power of the State is expansion .
PART V . व्यापार : The control of the administration of India is independent of parliamentary democracy ; the financial provisions and business ; Part 5 . 5 and part 12 and 13 per cent respectively.
i - कार्यपालिका The Executive is to ensure independence of this office but it is provided that the Comptroller and Auditor - General shall be removed from his office only when a majority of the members of the House on the basis of proven misconduct or disablement .
Also the Comptroller and Auditor - General shall not be eligible for any other office under the Government of India or any State Government .
His salary etc . is decided by Parliament by law .
The Comptroller and Auditor - General have been equated with the judges of the Supreme Court .
The service conditions and administrative powers of the persons serving in the Audit and Accounts Department shall be such as may be determined by the President after consultation with the Comptroller and Auditor General .
The Constitution left the burden of laying down the duties and powers of the Comptroller and Auditor - General in regard to the accounts of the Union and the States ( articles 149 and 150 ) .
Article 151 however specifically lays down that the Comptroller and Auditor - General shall submit the reports relating to the accounts of the Union to the President and send them before both Houses of Parliament .
संपत्ति PROPERTY . Contracts and संविदाएं Article 265 upholds the salutary democratic principle of 'No taxation without taxation and categorically declares that taxes can be imposed only with the authority of law .
Likewise all other moneys for each State shall be paid into the public accounts of the Union or the State concerned .
This restriction does not apply to public accounts ( articles होता ) .
अनुच्छेद i . e . to meet unforeseen circumstances under which some expenditure may be required . article 267 संसद Parliament and the State Legislatures to form their ' contingency funds ' .
The Contingency Fund is placed at the disposal of Union or State Government ( President or Governor ) to enable it to make advances for meeting unforeseen expenses pending authorization by the Legislature .
बीच A scheme for the distribution of goods between the Union and the States has been provided in article 273 .
The proceeds of all the taxes levied by the State are fully retained by the concerned States themselves while taxes in the Union List may be in part allotted to the States .
The taxes which have exclusive right of the Union include the boundary करों the capital value of the assets आयकर the taxes on income tax and the taxes on matters in the List .
The duties on which the State has other rights include items like land revenue centre Rs 2500 per item free trade वाहन free trade वाहन on stock and travel items free from inland waterways etc .
Article 290 A provides for certain sums to be paid annually to निधियों Funds of Travancore and Tamil Nadu from the Consolidated Funds of these States .
Borrowing : According to the executive power of the Union Parliament can borrow from the Consolidated Fund of India within the limits prescribed by law ( articles 292 ) .
A State may also similarly borrow subject to limits set by the State Legislature .
The Government of India within its borrowing powers may lend to any State or give guarantees in respect of loans raised by the State .
So long as any of such loans remain outstanding the State Government may not raise any further loans without the consent of the Government of India ( article उधार ) .
Things of value within territorial waters or continental shelf and resources of the exclusive economic zone shall vest in the Union ( article महाद्वीपीय ) .
The extension of the executive power of the Union and of each State shall also be on the nature of business or to acquire hold or dispose of property and make contracts subject to any law made by the concerned State Legislature ( article विधानमंडल ) .
This article apparently is an independent or additional source of executive power apart from article 245 .
The Supreme Court in प्रदेश v . state of Uttar Pradesh AIR 1974 SC व्यापार ) held that power of the state under Article व्यापार means that trade can be carried on in other states ( see Maharashtra ) .
In the Supreme Court of India ( AIR 1967 SC 1967 ) the verdict in the Sadhu Singh case was 1967 and held that the principle of natural justice should be applied to the decision to review the order of detention .
During the proclamation of internal emergency ( 1975 - 77 ) the approach of the Supreme Court to cases of violation of Fundamental Rights vis - à - vis emergency provisions has been varied .
In the case of the बंदी Corpus case the Supreme Court refused to interfere in matters of detention of persons as it believed that the intention clearly was to keep preventive detention controlled exclusively by the Executive .
In the Union of India ( AIR 1977 SC 359 ) the Court again held that during the national emergency all rights of individual freedom could be dispensed with during national emergency during articles 19 359 and 22 under President ' s orders .
Most of these Court decisions lost validity after the 44th amendment inter alia amended articles 352 358 and 359 .
The entire expenses of the Union and State Service Commissions are charged on the Consolidated Fund of the Union or the Consolidated Fund of the State concerned ( articles 322 ) .
The Chairman and members of the Public Service Commissions are appointed by the President or the Governor as the case may be .
No government department can therefore refuse to entertain a representation by the agency agency or officer on the ground that it is not in the official language .
से reading of the language provisions particularly in Article 343 344 and 351 would show that the ultimate objective is the spread and development of Hindi and the gradual use of it as a link language for official purposes .
There shall be no breach of article 351 if 225 English is used in addition to a period of 15 years ; but under article 343 Parliament has been given the power to use Hindi as the Official Language for particular purposes .
In राज्य v. State of Tamil Nadu ( AIR 1976 SC पेंशन ) the Supreme Court annulled an order of the state government by which the anti - Hindi पेंशन was given pension .
The Court held that the order violated article 351 in as much as it excited the emotion of Hindi rather than Hindi .
The authoritative Hindi text of the Constitution has since been published .
The Eighth Schedule Besides Hindi our Constitution also recognizes other languages and the need for their development .
The 18 languages of India listed in the Eighth Schedule are Assamese बांग्ला Bengali भाषाएं Gujarati बांग्ला Hindi बांग्ला , Kannada . , , , मलयालम मलयालम Marathi उडिया Nepali पंजाबी Oriya पंजाबी the , - सिंधी Sindhi पंजाबी Tamil सिंधी and Urdu .
The reforms introduced by the Act could not and could not satisfy the demand of responsible government ; as there was no responsibility in the Councils established under it were the characteristics of an elected government .
For the first time in India ' s chequered history during the British rule the statement promised the establishment of a " responsible government " in India .
The भारतीय Report . 1918 - 22 is known as the Report on Indian Constitutional Reforms - or भारतीय Report .
It was prepared by लार्ड of State for India . and Viceroy के Lord लार्ड of India in June - 1918 .
The report ignored the status demand for self - governing Dominion .
At each stage of constitutional progress the international system of pace and pace will be determined by the British Parliament and will not be based on any self - determination by the people of India .
The provisions of the 1919 Act and the rules framed there were many important changes in the then Indian constitutional system .
The seat of the Central Legislative Council was replaced by a bicameral legislature consisting of a Council of State ( Upper House ) and the Legislative Assembly ( Lower House ) .
There is no limitation on the power of amendment that is there is no provision in the Constitution which cannot be amended .
The fundamental rights guaranteed under the Constitution ( Part 3 ) are subject to the Parliamentary power of the Constitution ( भाग ) .
In the गोलकनाथ case the Supreme Court has reversed its earlier decisions by a majority of 6 - 7 and held that the Constitution has not passed any amendment of the Constitution article 368 without any amendment to the Constitution or the Parliament to amend it .
In 1973 in the गोलकनाथ Bharti v. State of Kerala ( AIR 1973 SC गोलकनाथ ) the Supreme Court reviewed the verdict of the Golak Nath case .
Ten of the 13 judges held that Art. 368 itself contained the power to amend the Constitution and the law of Article 13 ( 2 ) did not absorb the constitutional amendment under Art. 368 .
The law declared in Golak Nath case was accordingly उलट .
Regarding the question whether the power of amendment under Art. 368 was arbitrary and infinite ; seven judges decided by a majority in the opinion that the amending power was vested in the Constitution - which was necessary under the meaning of the Constitution .
But what the infrastructure is but it was not made clear by the majority and the question remains controversial .
In the शक्तियों case after this decision the Constitution ( संसद Amendment ) Act 1976 1976 added 4 and 5 to Article 368 and the limitations of the powers of amendments to Parliament were reduced .
This was the first occasion when it heard the voice of the people in making laws and in influencing the सरकार of the government .
It also played a great role in shaping the political future of the country .
When the country was struggling to overthrow the foreign domination the representatives of the people assembled in the सदन were struggling in the House .
The world saw how the foreign government bow to the will of the people or defeat itself .
Undoubtedly the defeat did not make any difference to the government because the government consisting of a nominated executive पार्षदों was not bound to abdicate .
However विधानमंडल being a critical Legislature the Executive had to take care and discretion and instilled in it a consciousness of its obligation to the people .
Lokmanya Tilak termed the 1919 Reforms as " unsatisfactory disappointing and a " sun " but he declared that he would accept what had been given agitate and work harder and use it for obtaining more as soon as possible .
His policy of responsive cooperation included both cooperation and constitutional assertion and if necessary constitutional obstruction.
Shrimati ब्रिटेन declared that the scheme was not यह by the British and was accepted by India .
On 4 November 1948 while introducing the draft of the Constitution in the assembly and recommending for the parliamentary system the Chairman of the Drafting Committee said that " The Draft Constitution " has preferred more responsibility to recommending an शासन system of Governance .
Though some of the sounds were heard against the idea of a parliamentary system the draft committee moved by a large majority in its proposals and the coming into force on January 26 1950 with the coming into force of the Constitution of Free India .
The three राजनीतिक representative राजनीतिक parliamentary and democracy? are the cardinal features of our political system .
At the beginning of the first session after every general election to the Lok Sabha and at the commencement of the first session of each year the President addresses both Houses of Parliament assembled together and the causes of the Parliament to invite a meeting of the Houses .
Further he may address either House of Parliament or both Houses assembled together and for this purpose require the attendance of members .
He has the power to send सदन or any other message to any House in respect of a Bill which is then pending in Parliament the House shall readily consider the subject which may be required to be considered by the House at such time .
Some Bills may be introduced only after the recommendation of the President has been examined or proceeded further .
According to the Constitution there are certain other functions about Parliament which are expected to be discharged by the President .
He appointed the Speaker and the Executive Chairman of the Council of States whenever necessary .
It is for him a joint sitting of the two Houses in case of disagreement between the two Houses on a Bill .
Every year the budget of the Government . referred to as the Annual Financial Statement in the Constitution of India and the Comptroller and Auditor - General of India The Union Public Service Commission . is special report to the Members of Parliament and some other backward classes .
If he is of the opinion that the Anglo - Indian community does not have adequate representation in the Lok Sabha he may nominate not more than two members for the House .
Other ministers are appointed by the President on the advice of the Prime Minister .
It may be added that the President has not the opportunity of exercising a private desire to appoint the Prime Minister .
However if a situation arises that no party has a clear majority in the Lok Sabha the President may exercise his power to choose a leader who in his opinion is likely to command the support of the majority in the House .
The Prime Minister usually is a member of the Lok Sabha but the Ministers are drawn to both Houses of Parliament .
A person who is not a member of either House of Parliament has to vacate the office after six months unless in the meanwhile he manages to get himself elected to either of the two Houses .
At the same time every minister holds office during the pleasure of the President and shall be liable to dismissal by him .
But since the President does so only on the advice of the prime minister this power actually rests with the prime minister .
The relationship between the Executive and the Legislature is always one and there is no scope for any opposition or division .
The power of the two is not visualised as competing centres but as inseparable partners or या in the business of the two .
The Council of Ministers may in a sense be described as the grand executive committee of the Parliament charged with the responsibility of governance on behalf of the parent body .
In other words the executive is not a separate or outside body .
There is however a clear distinction between the functions of the Executive and the functions of the Parliament .
The function of Parliament is to make laws give advice on how to criticise and ventilate public grievances .
The Executive is to govern albeit on behalf of the Parliament .
In the words of the first Secretary of the Indian Parliament :
The Parliament must not at any time participate in the responsibilities of the government because once the Parliament has begun to do so the responsibilities of the Parliament and the Executive become vague and cannot exercise its full power of criticism .
Article 13 of the Constitution clearly prohibits the making of any law by Parliament the State Legislature or by any other authority which would be inconsistent with or in derogation of any of the fundamental rights contained in Part III of the Constitution .
Article 32 226 confer power on the Supreme Court and the High Courts respectively for the enforcement of these rights .
The हनन is contrary to the provisions of the Constitution or हनन to any one in fundamental rights .
It is sometimes assumed and often said that just as it is for the Legislature to make laws and for the Executive to execute them it is for the Courts to interpret the Constitution and the laws .
It is very misleading and patently wrong .
The territory of the Union is divided among the States .
A law made by a State can be applicable only in the territory of that State .
The Union Parliament can make laws for the whole or any part of the territory of India .
Parliament also enjoys the power of extra - territorial legislation i . e . any law made by it will be applicable not only to the people and property within the territory of India but also to Indian citizens living abroad .
The States do not have the power to legislate .
The Constitution provides for a three - fold distribution of legislative power between the Union and the States .
List I or the Union List contains 97 subjects over which the Parliament can make laws .
List II or the State List includes 66 entries over which State Legislatures can make laws only .
List III or the Concurrent List contains 47 items on which both the Parliament and the State Legislatures can make laws .
While in their own respective spheres as allotted by the Constitution the Central Parliament and the State Legislatures enjoy complete autonomy the scheme of distribution of powers emphasises the general predominance of the Parliament in the legislative field .
The Parliament also has the power to legislate for implementing the decisions made by a treaty agreement or convention with a country or on any matter at an international conference organisation or other body even if the subject falls in the State List .
The Parliament may legislate even on any matter in the State List .
If two or more State Legislatures consider it desirable that any of the matters within their exclusive legislative competence should be regulated by parliamentary legislation and pass resolutions to that effect the Parliament can undertake the necessary legislation .
However the legislation so passed is governed by those States who have moved for it and others who passed their resolutions in that direction .
Some of the entries in the Union List are also empowered by the Parliament to lead the Parliament to its own area and subject matter within the territory of the state by establishing requisite by law .
Parliament has the power to separate the territory of any State or by uniting two or more States .
( c ) can alter the boundaries of any state ; and ( d ) in the name of any state .
These changes are not the way of the amendment of the Constitution but such amendments as can be made by Parliament by passing a Bill on the recommendation of the President .
Such a Bill is required to be referred to the legislatures of the States concerned for expressing their views thereon within the time stipulated for this purpose .
However the passing of the Bill to the Legislatures does not lose the power to change as it thinks fit .
है is said to be in another place :
The operative reality of politics today is that the real power resides in the Prime Minister and his or her cabinet and not in Parliament .
The Prime Minister is the leader of the majority in the Lok Sabha and also the head of the government .
He may consult two or three colleagues and go ahead.
It is ultimately the prime minister who is responsible to the Parliament and the nation for the policies of the government . "
Administration is run by the permanent civil services .
The Parliament does not interfere with day - to - day administration nor does it control the administration .
Often the Press struggles hard to unearth the administrative lapses scandals and shortcomings gives expression to public grievances and difficulties and reports on how policies are being carried out .
Much of the information obtained from the daily newspapers for parliamentary discussions is an important instrument on which the members depend .
Simultaneously the संसद Press keeps the people informed of what is happening in Parliament .
This two - way traffic enables the Press to maintain an important and strong link between the public and the Parliament .
Considering the space that is devoted to these matters and the volume of information that is given the Press in our country fulfils a great need felt alike by the members of Parliament and the public .
Even though so much information from such a variety of sources is available to Parliament it is not enough.
The information supplied by the official government sources is efficiently collected and processed but it may sometimes consciously or unconsciously get पक्षपातपूर्ण or biased and may always be strictly complete factual and objective .
Information from other sources like the mass media political parties interest groups or लॉबी even those standing by the लॉबी would be even less so.
The government is sensitive to the opinion of the Parliament ; in most cases he has already known ; in some cases he may feel that he cannot change his commitments and obligations and political ideology .
However during discussions members have full freedom to criticise and suggest how they work in the future or how a particular measure of action may be carried out .
The discussions have made the people ' s views on the administrative machinery and if this is not the administration is unaware of the sentiments of the people .
Parliamentary debates serve to remind the administration of its duties and obligations .
Parliamentary debates effect the administrative thinking and action in a variety of ways and the subtle influence which cannot be measured in terms of any visible units pervades through the upper and lower strata of administration .
While the administrators have complete freedom to implement their policies in the best manner possible by the Parliament they are nevertheless haunted and guided by the various viewpoints expressed in the House .
And this may be called the Advisory Role of Parliament .
Conflict is natural to be a conflict between one ' s life and struggle for power by various contending forces .
Parliamentary democracy is considered to be a better and more civilized system of government inasmuch as under it debate and discussion on the legislative floor take the place of physical strife on the streets or on the battle fields of the street .
This is especially so when charges are made against a person who has no opportunity of coming before the House and explaining his position .
Before being admitted to ascertain the factual basis of such questions the Ministry / Department may be referred to the concerned Ministries / Departments .
Members are also sometimes asked to post material in support of the allegations made in the question .
Besides if the subject of a question is pending for judgement before a court of law or any other tribunal or body constituted under law or before a Parliamentary Committee it is not permitted to be questioned .
It may be noted that questions should not relate to any matter which is not fundamentally related to the Government of India .
Questions that contain arguments findings or व्यक्ति statements or refer to one ' s character or conduct not in his official or public capacity but questions which have been asked for information instead of asking for information .
The questions are put in starred or अतारांकित categories according to the conditions provided in the rules .
The Mission was in India from March 1946 to May 28 1946 .
The Mission rejected the demand for the creation of a separate sovereign state as it believed that there would be a large number of non - Muslim population in Pakistan and the vast majority of Muslims would be left outside Pakistan .
The Cabinet Mission also rejected the Congress scheme of a loose federation as involving constitutional disadvantages and anomalies .
It recommended a three - tier structure consisting of the organisation of the Union of India at the top groups of Provinces in the centre and the States at the bottom .
The Cabinet Mission recommended that the Constitution should be based on the constitution : one India federation consisting of the British Indian states and which deals with the following subjects : Defence and Communication Defence and विदेश .
An executive and legislative body of the Union should consist of representatives of British India and the princely states .
If there is a question raising a major communal issue in the Legislature it should be disposed of by a majority of the representatives present and voting of each of the two principal communities and a majority of all the members present and voting.
All subjects and rights other than those entrusted to the Union shall vest .
There should be a provision in the memorandum of the Union and the groups for which a province can re - emerge from the majority of its Legislative Assembly after an initial period of 10 years and after that of the Constitution for a period of ten years .
The Speaker / Chairman decides in each case whether the matter needs elucidation on a matter of fact and is also of sufficient public importance to be put down for discussion .
The procedure in the House on such a discussion is that after the member who has initiated the discussion the discussion has been given a short statement the more than four other members who have given prior notice to the effect may serve as a matter of fact .
Thereafter at the end the minister concerned चर्चा the discussion .
Though the purpose of asking questions by definition is to get information in actual practice most of the , are to provide information in practice .
On one side of parliamentary questions it is possible that the government ' s representatives who provide material for the matter may be informed of their grievances questions and problems and issues their views on the other hand through the Ministry of Procedure and its सरकार and programmes .
Apart from the deterrent effect of parliamentary questions on public functionaries the सरकारी questions bring to the notice of the Executive the way the policies are being implemented and how these affect the common people .
Amidst the proliferating machinery of modern government the political executive and even the administrative heads should be finding it difficult to know what is happening in their departments .
From this point of view parliamentary questions are certainly helpful to the Executive for they put into focus areas of vital concern to the public .
It can be said with certainty that members have been रुचि keen interest in using the right to ask questions .
It was therefore considered that some procedure might be devised whereby members might have an opportunity of bringing urgent matters to the attention of the government .
In the modern parliamentary procedure the idea of introducing Calling Attention Notices in the Rules of Procedure is purely an Indian innovation.
fill in
Sometimes it gives opportunity to members to criticise the government directly or indirectly and to bring to the surface the failure or inadequate action of the government in an important matter .
A member with the previous permission of the Speaker / Chairman may draw the attention of a minister to any matter of urgent public importance and request him to make a statement on that matter .
The minister may make a short statement or ask for a reply at a later date .
The members' chief source for होते the Calling Attention Notices is the daily newspapers .
Sometimes they may be based on the private information of a member or on the correspondence between him and his constituents .
Notices of Calling Attention have to be given by members in writing by 10. 00 .
A member cannot give two or more notices for any meeting .
Notices on the same subject may be given by more than one member but names of not more than five members are shown in the List of Business.
The Speaker goes through the notices and selects one of them for a statement by the concerned minister at the sitting of the House on the following day .
In some cases the Speaker may select two notices for a meeting .
However if the Speaker is of the opinion that the matter is so urgent that a statement should be made on the same day he may in his discretion allow विवेकाधिकार to go on the same day as his notice has been given .
The idea behind admitting Calling Attention Notices a day or so in advance is that it would give sufficient time to the minister concerned to gather facts about the matter raised and prepare a statement from time to time .
No more than two notices can be taken up at a meeting to give the attention of the ministers .
There is no debate on such a statement but every member in whose name the matter is listed is permitted to ask a question of है .
The main purpose of calling attention is therefore to seek an authoritative statement from a minister on a matter of urgent nature .
This process does not involve any censure against the government as there is no regular discussion and voting.
Among the matters to which the Ministers have been asked to make a statement are : there are trouble in any part of India ; Border dispute झगडे ; stay of the railway विमानों ; public authorities in which serious allegations were made by the Courts .
While raising the issue the member is not permitted to deviate from the approved text of his statement .
The minister concerned writes to the member directly with regard to matters raised under Rule 377 informing him of the government views and the action taken in the matter .
It may be noted that matters so raised are not included in the List of Business .
Prior to the fourth Lok Sabha use of Rule 377 for raising matters in the House was somewhat restricted before the fourth session but afterwards the more liberal approach has been adopted to meet various matters of public importance particularly as early as possible .
It has been observed that the members are increasingly taking recourse to this rule and the process has become very popular .
While during the Fourth Lok Sabha only 36 matters were allowed to be raised under Rule 377 during the Fifth Sixth Seventh and Eighth Lok Sabhas such matters numbered 184 . में . and सभा respectively.
Being an assembly of a large number of people ascertaining opinion or the will of the House is a difficult task .
16 substitute motions which may be moved in place of the original motion and an alternative to it is called substitute motion .
Discussion is carried on the original and the substitute motions together but the approval of the House is taken only on the substitute motion .
18 . If it is adopted it loses the original motion and is not put to vote ; but if amendment is passed the original question is put as amended. 18
Subsidiary They depend upon or relate to other motions or follow up on some proceedings in the House .
They by themselves have no meaning and are not capable of stating the decision of the House without reference to the original motion or proceedings of the House .
यद्यपि Motions are moved in the course of debate on another question and seek to substitute that question though they are independent in form .
Any member in relation to a motion for taking into consideration a Bill may move a सदस्य motion that the Bill may be referred to any Committee again or be circulated as " for eliciting opinion ? or ' the debate on the Bill .
26 . Accordingly the resolution to be moved in the Lok Sabha may be in the form of declaration of opinion or recommendation ; or it may be appropriate for any matter or situation to be considered by the government ; or to be accepted in any such form ;
Likewise in the Lok Sabha the resolution may be in the nature of the declaration of opinion by the House or in any other form as the Chairman may consider fit .
The following resolutions moved in the Lok Sabha will determine what are the general forms of resolutions and their subjects are :
In view of the thirty - four years after Independence most of the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes have not improved the economic and social conditions of the country ; it recommended the सभा of these communities for five years .
27 . This meeting holds the view that the policy of our country should emerge as separate political units from various linguistic and caste groups it has become necessary to restructuring the federal structure of the Central and State financial and other relations with the States .
Difference between motions and resolutions cannot be easily distinguished from each other in motions and resolutions since there are many elements which are equal in both .
In fact the difference between the two . is more of a process than of object .
Quite often both motions and resolutions गृहीत are admitted with some slight change of form on the same subject .
As the Statutory आगे were concerned that in the process of development in various sectors the progress of the nation should not be rapid due to administrative delays ; it recommend the government to monitoring the progress of the various developmental measures at all levels .
Though no period has been specified for this in actual practice ministers give such notices several days in advance .
These notices are also subject to the same rules of admissibility as the private members' resolutions .
After any government resolution has been admitted time is allotted for discussion on the recommendation of the Business Advisory Committee by the Deputy Speaker House .
Resolutions moved by the ministers are usually intended to approve or approve of international treaties chambers which have been made by the Government ; or to declare national and international policies of the government ; or they have to approve or approve of some national and international Committees .
( c ) Statutory Resolution : These resolutions may be moved by a minister and even by a private member .
They are so called because they are always brought in pursuance of a provision in the Constitution or an Act of Parliament ^ 33 Certain enactments however expressly require the government to bring a resolution within a specified period of time .
If in a particular article in the Constitution or in the section of the statute under which a statutory will is to be introduced the period of a resolution is not prescribed the period of time for presentation of a statutory resolution .
A copy of each such resolution is communicated to the Minister concerned by the Secretary - General after the resolution passed by the House of Private सरकारी or Statutory Resolution .
In such a मनस्थिति if six months हैं from the date of the Bill being passed the deadlock is deemed to have taken place .
Joint - sitting of the two सदनों In case of a deadlock due to disagreement सदनों the two Houses on a Bill an extraordinary situation arises which is resolved by both the Houses sitting together .
The President is empowered under the Constitution to revert to the Bill if the Bill has not lapsed due to the dissolution of the Lok Sabha both the Houses are invited to a joint - sitting for the purpose of joint consultation and voting .
Such a joint - sitting is presided over by the Speaker and is assisted by the Secretary - General . Lok Sabha .
The procedure rules of the Lok Sabha are applicable to the joint - sitting .
Only such amendments can be proposed at the joint - sitting which have become necessary due to the delay in passing the Bill .
The decisions at such sittings are taken by the majority of the total number of members of both the Houses present and voting.
So far only two bills the Dowry Prohibition Bill दहेज and the Banking Service Commission ( Repeal ) Bill has been passed at joint - sitting .
( 5 ) The President ' s assent to Bills when a Bill is passed by both the Houses either at a separate or joint - sitting it is presented to the President for his assent .
If the President . his assent there is an end to the Bill .
The Rajya Sabha cannot reject a Money Bill nor can it amend it by virtue of its own power to amend any such Bill .
If any of the recommendations made by the Rajya Sabha are accepted by the Lok Sabha the Money Bill is deemed to have been passed by both the Houses with the recommendations accepted by the Lok Sabha and accepted by the Lok Sabha .
If the Lok Sabha does not accept any of the recommendations made by the Rajya Sabha the Bill shall be deemed to have been passed by both the Houses in the form passed by the Lok Sabha before the amendments recommended by the Rajya Sabha .
Besides if any passed and a Money Bill passed for recommendation of the Rajya Sabha is not returned to the Lok Sabha within the said period of 14 days it shall be deemed to have been passed by both the Houses after the expiration of 14 days .
There is no question of disagreement between the two Houses with regard to Money Bills as in the case of an ordinary Bill because it enjoys as much power as in the case of the Lok Sabha as in the case of ordinary Bills .
Hence there is no provision of a joint - sitting in the case of a Money Bill .
financial
Generally speaking a Financial Bill means a Bill which relates to revenue or expenditure .
But being not a Money Bill the सभा Rajya Sabha is fully empowered to reject or amend it as it does in the case of an ordinary Bill .
Also there can be no amendment in either of the two Houses without the recommendation of the President ; the resolution is passed on to both the Houses except in the case of a simple bill and removal of taxes between the two Houses .
The provision of a joint - sitting does not apply to the case of a Money Bill .
The Finance Bill of class B which inter alia contains one or more proposals for expenditure from the Consolidated Fund of India which does not include any matter mentioned in Article 110 ( c ) is considered a General Bill or for the same reasons .
It does not require the recommendation of the President for its presentation .
However the recommendation of the President is essential for its consideration by either House .
In other words . is not a condition that the President may recommend it before he has moved as in the case of a Money Bill and a Finance Bill but in this case the President cannot recommend the Bill unless such .
In all other respects the procedure of a Bill involving the provision of a joint - sitting is the same as that of an ordinary Bill in case of disagreement between the two Houses .
The procedure for amendment of the Constitution ( संविधान ) was laid down in Art. 368 .
The Constitution does not provide for a separate constituent body ; the power to amend the Constitution is vested in Parliament .
A Bill to amend the Constitution can be introduced in either of the two Houses of Parliament .
Such a Bill may be brought by the Government or by a private member .
Generally Constitution ( Amendment ) Bills brought forward by Ministers are introduced in the Lok Sabha .
Apart from being subject to the ordinary rules governing Bills for a non - government member it is also necessary to examine and recommend the Committee on Private Members' Bills and Resolutions to introduce the Bill in the House .
But it is not bound by the views so gained .
By convention a motion for leave to introduce a Private Member ' bill is not opposed .
If the motion for introduction is opposed on the ground that it is outside the legislative competence of the House the Chair may permit full discussion thereon and thereafter put the motion for the decision of the House by vote of the House.
Ordinarily a member can introduce four Bills in a session .
After a Bill is introduced in the Lok Sabha and before it is taken up for consideration in the House the Committee on Private Members' Bills and Resolutions में the nature of the Bill . and b में them into two categories .
In Lok Sabha the relative precedence of Bills in a particular category is determined by लोक .
The Bills are included in the List of Business in the order of priority determined by the कार्य .
In a parliamentary system the Legislature has to lay down the policies of the Government ; it is the business of law - making and the monitoring of the administration .
But the enormous range and complexity of legislation and administrative functions of a modern State make it almost impossible for the Legislature to adequately scrutinise legislative proposals and oversee administrative action .
While the government has vast and highly sophisticated administrative machinery and organisation manned by experts specialists and seasoned civil servants at its' disposal to undertake its complex tasks the Legislature finds itself severely handicapped in this regard.
Through parliamentary devices like questions and debates it can directly monitor the administration .
In order to make parliamentary surveillance more effective and meaningful the Parliament needs an agency of its own in which the whole House is confident .
This among other things inter alia seeks to be sought by the Parliament through its Committees composed of a few of its members in which India has this position especially .
The review of administrative action and the examination of numerous and complicated legislative proposals and subordinate legislation require expertise and close scrutiny that are not possible in the Lok Sabha consisting as it does of 545 members .
Ad hoc Committees Such Committees may be broadly put into two categories : ( a ) Select or Joint Committees on Bills which may consider and report on particular Bills .
These Committees differ from other ad hoc Committees to the effect that the Bills are referred to and the procedure followed by them is laid down by the Speaker in the directives of the respective Houses and when the decisions are made by the Chairman .
For instance a Committee was constituted in 1951 to go into the conduct of Shri H . G . Mudgal on a motion adopted by the लोक Lok Sabha .
Railway Convention Committee . on Offices of रेलवे रेलवे and any other Committee appointed by the Speaker or by the Chairman for some specific purpose are also other examples of such Committees .
More recently important Joint Committees of the two Houses were constituted on matters like the salary allowances and pensions for members the Bofors Gun Deal . the Bank Securities सौदा .
The Committees are constituted by members of Parliamentary Committees nominated by the House on the motion moved by the motion or elected by the Speaker or the Chairman as the case may be nominated by the Speaker .
Select Joint Committees on a Bill are appointed on a motion adopted by the House .
All Financial Committees ( i. e. Public Accounts Committee . Estimates Committee on Public Undertakings ; Local Public Undertakings ; members of the Committee on Welfare of Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes and members of the Committee on Offices of Profit and Measures are elected by members of each year .
The remaining Committees are nominated by the Presiding Officer of the House concerned .
While some of the Committees are constituted by each House separately others are constituted jointly by both the Houses .
Reports may be either preliminary or final.
The Committee may make a special report on any matter which came to light during the course of its work and may be considered necessary to bring to the notice of the Speaker or the House even though such matter does not constitute the directive of the Committee .
7 Committee reports by the Chairman or any other Member of the Committee so authorised for the purpose.
Unless the report is presented to the House it is treated as confidential ; it becomes a public document only after presentation to the House .
financial
Although nearly two months of the budget session are devoted to this purpose discussions are neither very extensive nor intensive .
In its anxiety to cover the whole field the observations of the Parliament have tended to be general repetitive and औपचारिक and a tendency to repeat the same thing .
As the time is short often demands relating to a number of ministries / departments are not discussed at all and the गिलोटिन is used .
The Financial Committees of the Parliament undertake to undertake detailed scrutiny of governmental spending and performance thereby securing the accountability of the administration to Parliament in financial matters .
Implementation of a policy is more important than mere formulation.
Position of the Estimates Committee
In this case a distinction has been made between ' policy ' and all other policies laid down by Parliament by means of any statute ' or by specific resolutions ' by Parliament ' and not so laid down ' .
In the latter case the Parliamentary Committee may openly examine any matter which may have been settled as a policy by the government in the discharge of its executive functions .
The Committee may examine the working of the policy ; and not the policy as approved by the Parliament .
Thus where it is found that the intended consequences of a particular policy are not coming out and is being wasted there is a duty of the Estimates Committee to bring the shortcomings into the light and it is brought into consideration by the Parliament .
It consists of 22 members ( 15 from Lok Sabha and 7 from the Rajya Sabha ) .
In accordance with the practice prevailing since 1967 a member of the Opposition is appointed as the Chairman of the Committee .
The Estimates Committee deals with estimates of public expenditure ; and Public Accounts Committee mainly deals with the accounts receivable lent by the House for the expense of the Government of India with the objective of which it is authorised to ascertain by the Parliament .
If during any financial year additional expenditure has been incurred by the House for the purpose of any service for the purpose of any service the Committee examines the conditions under which such additional expenses are incurred and is justified by it .
Such excesses are required to be brought before the House by the government for व्यय .
It might also record its opinion in the form of disapproval or pass निरनुमोदन against the extravagance or lack of proper control by the ministry / department concerned .
The Committee draws its subjects for examination from the audit reports of the Comptroller and Auditor - General of India relating to the accounts of the Union which are laid before each House of Parliament .
The Comptroller and Auditor - General of India who participates in the meetings of the Committee assist the Committee.
The Committee has two broad सीमाएं one that it is not concerned with the question of policy and the other that its findings are ex post के .
In other words the Committee can point out irregularities only after they have taken place and the damage has been reached .
However the investigations of the अधिकारी Committee are taken very seriously by the authorities .
The very fact of the existence of such a Committee has a deterrent effect on a possible administrative waste and waste .
The recommendations of the Committee have led to administrative lapses in policy implementation हैं significant improvements in the financial system .
A policy of planned economic development for our country in the field of public enterprises has necessitated setting up of numerous industrial undertakings industrial undertakings commercial etc. which are controlled and managed by the Government of India .
Thus a number of corporations and government companies धनराशियां commonly called " public धनराशियां have come into existence involving large sums of money .
Since the moneys invested in them are appropriated from the Consolidated Fund of India it becomes the responsibility of the Lok Sabha to have adequate control over their functions .
For this purpose a Committee on Public Undertakings consisting of 22 Members elected from the Lok Sabha and 7 from the Rajya Sabha has been constituted by Parliament .
The Chairman of the Committee is appointed by the Speaker from among the members of the Committee drawn from the Lok Sabha .
The functions of the Committee are to examine the reports of the government undertakings specified in the Rules and reports of the accounts and of the Comptroller and Auditor - General if any whether the business practices are to be carried out in accordance with the reasonable business principles of government undertakings .
These Committees worked hard and in a well - planned manner and presented valuable reports .
The Constituent Assembly discussed the reports of committees on important fundamental rights . Union Constitution - LRB - Union Powers - RRB - Union constitution - LRB - Union Parliament - RRB - provincial Minorities and the Scheduled Castes and the Scheduled Castes .
The recommendations of the other Committees were later considered by the Drafting Committee .
The first draft of the Constitution of India was prepared by the Advisory Branch of the constituent assembly office in October 1947 .
Before the preparation of this draft voluminous background material was collected and supplied to the members of the Constituent Assembly in three volumes under the name of the constitutional सभा .
A large number of comments criticisms criticisms and suggestions have been received for the amendment of the Draft constitution .
The Drafting Committee considered all these .
Two of the latest regular courses of the Bureau mainly for participants from abroad are the Parliamentary internship programme for parliamentary officials and the international legislative curriculum .
Parliamentary Museum and Archives India has always accorded maximum importance to parliamentary institutions.
Of late . In this region efforts are being made to harness all the necessary resources for collecting and preserving for the present and future generations .
A beginning was made in 1976 when the Lok Sabha Secretariat set up a Parliamentary Archives of संसदीय and Films to preserve a comprehensive complete and up - to - date pictorial record of the history of the institution of Parliament its activities and personalities.
The proposal for setting up a Parliamentary Museum and Archives was approved by the General Purposes Committee of the Lok Sabha on 1 August 1984 .
The basic purpose of the Parliamentary Museum and Archives is to protect the political and political institutions from the present age of the Constitution and Parliament and all the precious records of the past राजनीतिक historical documents and objects from changes in past to time and for future generations .
At the current stage of its growth it is concentrating on acquisition and building of comprehensive collections proper preservation of all its holdings and display of selected material .
In due course it proposes to undertake other tasks devoted to dissemination of information on parliamentary institutions and the projection of a proper image of Parliament by stimulating interest in its growth activities and its achievements .
The राष्ट्र Dual National Conference of लोक समिति The General Purposes Committee of the Lok Sabha approved a proposal for setting up a National Innovation Centre of National Achievement on August 1 1984 अगस्त of national achievements to achieve full goals especially after the realization of independence .
It is proposed to present through exhibitions models photographs and other visual materials a panoramic view of India ' s achievements .
कृषि for agriculture
मिट्टी have found 34 species of termites in में compared with the earth from which forests are cleared only one species has been found .
The significance of these insects in their analysis of vegetation is that of providing essential nutrients for growth of plants and plants which can adversely affect the soil quality and soil of these regions .
In areas where residents only live on cultivation there can be dangerous consequences for खेती .
Paul ' s work will be important for understanding the soil environment in tropical regions .
This can help us find ways of increasing the so - called extension of fertilizer ' by entering the barren land into the soil .
50 per cent of the Earth ' s surface lies below 2 kilometres of the sea but we know very little about the animals that live there .
The deep sea level has an area of nearly 2.7 million sq km ; on समुद्र we have surveyed only 2किमी2 of it .
Commercial fishing dumping industrial waste oil leaks and coastal development are some of the threats to our oceans today .
We cannot however say the sea - borne effects of all these activities.
They also hope that the years to come will be better .
The Chairman of the Central Legislative Assembly was then called ' प्रेजीडेंट ' .
For a detailed discussion see the keynote paper presented by Dr. Subhash C. Kashyap on पार्लियामेंटरी and Training of Parliamentary Staff at the meeting of Society of सोसाइटी - at - the - Table in Commonwealth Parliaments at राष्ट्रमंडल Canada in October 1985 .
Subhash C. Kashyap . Parliamentary सदन and Parliamentary सदन Delhi AIR 1985 सदन काश्यप and Parliamentary Staff सदन Every new House has its character but there are some rules and conventions which are common to each House .
The Legislature is not just a club .
The conduct of its members has therefore to be characterised by a high standard of dignity including grace a spirit of mutual respect and courtesy as शक्तियां the place where all the competing forces in the polity are brought face - to - face for organised interaction.
Work in the House has to be conducted undisturbed and efficiently in all shades of opinion and to value the overall idea of the future of the society for this purpose must be solemn and गरिमापूर्ण .
Outside the House as well a member is expected to maintain a standard of conduct consistent with the dignity of his office .
It is not only important to adhere to some rules of etiquette in private practice by members in the working of the Parliament on the day - to - day functioning of the House run freely and so because the dignity of the Parliament and its members .
It would be neither natural nor desirable that there should be no disagreement on them .
It is necessary therefore to move through mutual exchange of ideas .
A member should not interrupt any member who is speaking by disorderly manner .
While it may be wrong to make things clear or to make things known through the Speaker - to expect a speech or to challenge a statement in a sweet manner the time - bound business breaks the tone of the member .
Again and again it is not a parliamentary practice to ask questions and such passages have been निंदा by the Speaker .
Any point about his speech can be raised after he has finished his speech .
Members should not normally converse among themselves in the Chamber but if this is necessary they may do so in a very slow voice so as not to disturb the proceedings in the House .
A member should not sit or stand by his back to the Chair .
A member should not cross the floor or pass between the Chair and any member who is speaking.
Breach of the Rule is strongly questioned by the Speaker .
All the time there is a strong attraction of listening to one 's own voice but a good member certainly hears the voice of others and when he himself is not speaking. 12
Visitors and दर्शक References to the presence of strangers in the दर्शक Gallery have been held to be out of place .
But in appropriate cases members can mention the presence of distinguished foreign visitors in the Special Box of the House by the Speaker / Chairman and on such occasions the members can cheer those visitors by thumping their सदन .
Ordinarily however members should not applaud when a distinguished visitor enters any of the Galleries or the Special Box .
The general conduct of business in the House is not allowed to indulge in hunger - strike , , or to perform any kind of demonstration or performance of any religious activity .
Neither cannot offer any धूम्रपान or शारीरिक to the House except on the part of parliamentary conventions allow him to join the Chamber or on whose behalf he is not allowed to stir in the House ' s register or allow for a discussion with the members .
The facts of the allegations made by the Speaker / Chairman are not to be criticised directly or indirectly either inside or outside the House .
The authority to conduct the proceedings of the House however hostile the Speaker / Chairman may have to consider the interpretation given by the Speaker / Chairman of the Rules and conventions of the House as to how hostile a member may be .
The discussion of any member with him in the Speaker ' s room should not be carried out by that member in the press .
- LRB - iii - RRB - No information should be propagated unless it is admitted by the Speaker and circulated to the members .
If the Bill thinks that the matter is just and valid it will be too late to get justice in the ordinary manner it may bring the matter to the notice of the concerned officers or employees - but whether it is likely to be unreasonable and not affected .
They are the following : People whether they are members or not are because of breach of privilege or contempt of the House .
Trying to bribe a member of Parliament will be a breach of privilege.
A member may be suspended. from the service of the House for a specified period or in an extreme case he may be expelled from the House .
It is note - worthy that he visited also Tiru - विष्णु and के which are shrines of Vishnu and composed several songs in praise of the presiding deities of these places .
One day later at night he returned from Tiruvottriyur to his brother ' s house .
Beside him stood his sister - in - law with the plate of plate .
He ate his food and went to bed .
His fame spread as a result of divine grace and miracles ; while his transparent purity his honesty the humility and eloquence drew people of significance to him .
मुदलियर who became his disciple in 1849 .
After the passing away of Ramalinga he became Tamil Pandit in Presidency College Madras.
As Lord Buddha ( बुद्ध - पू BC ) बुद्ध Ramakrishna ( 1836 ) and 1886 1836 and Ramana बुद्ध ( 1879 - 1950 ) Ramalinga was freed from life .
From his birth he had no desire for material possessions wealth or women.
In a song he tells God :
They pay homage to हैं हैं .
There is no information about his life .
In Madras Ramalinga ' s life was literary activity .
The first twelve years upto 1835 may be described as the period of की ( the temple of Kanda ) when he identified himself as a devotee of God Kartikeya and composed songs in His praise.
The next twenty - two years till 1858 may be described as the period of Tiruvottriyur 'when he identified himself as a devotee with Lord Tyagaraja ( the ascetic aspect of Siva ) and composed songs in His praise .
Numerous disciples religious heads heads of monasteries poets and scholars in Tamil and Sanskrit rural and provincial अधिकरी government officials people of importance and unlettered people of India were yoga deities spiritual teachers poets and scholars in Yoga अधिकरी spiritual teachers and scholars .
During this period of his life he edited certain poems of an earlier age and wrote two prose works .
The songs that he sang about Nataraja and to Nataraja are so numerous and diverse that it is difficult to choose from them a representative example .
This is diametrically opposed to the survival of the fittest which operates in natural evolution.
The judge too moved as if to rise but remembering the judicial convention he kept sitting.
Starting the proceedings he asked Navalar why he stood up .
The judge said " You see me O mighty .
So you think they are honourable 1 you should not have filed the case in view of this fact .
We may take the story of the book Tiru - से - pa to its close although it may take us ahead of the chronological schedule at this point .
The first four chapters that were published during Ramalinga ' s life - time are still alive .
In the fifth chapter there are songs in the course of his stay in भगवान which are sung in praise of Lord Muruga of 1880 in 1880 by Velayuda Mudaliar .
The poems composed by Ramalinga in Vadalur and Mettukuppam for publishing which his permission had not been obtained were published as the sixth section in 1885 by रामलिंग Chettiar of रामलिंग as a result of the efforts of रामलिंग Mudaliar of रामलिंग and रामलिंग Naicker of Bangalore .
Uran के writes in Tamil अडिगल 'To those who have not been blessed to see रामलिंग it is futile to say Such was Ramalinga such his colour such the colour of the poet .
It is said that the body of the great saint was beyond photography .
It was not even their shadow .
Ramalinga surprisingly for a mystic poet unlike the religious poets is often described in a vivid pictorial account of his experiences of his surroundings.
They also hint at their physical characteristics habits dress and costume .
He refers to his white dress in a verse which also speaks of .
This walking picture of Ramalinga brings out the quintessence .
The Constitution of India has been variously described .
As Dr .
Ambedkar said . . and विधिवाद are two serious weaknesses of the Bhakti cult .
The Indian system was unique in that it had a dual polity with a single Indian citizenship which could be both unitary and federal according to the needs of time and conditions .
Under article 249 the Parliament of the Union can invade the State List .
The Legislature and all the executive and legislative powers of the Union depending on the failure of the constitutional machinery in a State subject to Article 356 and 357 are subject to the States in a totally unitary form subject to emergency and से of the Constitution .
Finally संसद i . e . the Parliament of the Union under Articles 2 राज्य 3 and 4 can by an ordinary majority law make the new States and alter the boundaries or names of the existing States .
While introducing the Draft Constitution for the acceptance of the Constituent Assembly the Chairman of the Drafting Committee the President ( Union and the States ( राज्य and अन्ड् ) Dr.
The text of the Constitution does not anywhere use the term फेडरेशन ( फेडरल ) 4 or the Federation ( परिसंघ ) .
करूंगुझी Chettiar , as usual among Ramalinga 's admirers used to come to see his preceptor from गुरू गुरू
रामलिंग had his brother cured of an indolent sore on the tongue by the grace of Ramalinga he placed his hospitality at Ramalinga ' s service .
One day in the midst of two men being faced by the verandah of चेटिटयार ' s verandah there was a dispute between destiny and action or by way of saying God ' s compassion and action they talked for long .
Once an ascetic went naked in the streets .
A certain man व्यक्ति look at his निरपेक्षता and gave him a plantain leaf .
The other man was enraged at this ascetic revolving in front of the women raising a stone and throwing away a stone in his hand the third man ओर this man and the Yogi declared them before the judge .
I have brought them both to you ; as one with the other ' s action .
Without going through this stage it was not possible to attain the ultimate realisation .
उपनिषद् ) ( खंड2 , श्लोक3 श्लोक3 .
The Atman of him who wisely employs all these means enters the state of Brahman. .
You must take shelter .
It is said that he was locked in the room for days and nothing was seen or heard about him until he came out again .
According to their explanation in बौद्धिक bodies the first ( शरीर body ) is beyond the मांस age ; physical शरीरिक for the body is बौद्धिक ( the third ( मानस ) which cannot be seen in the शरीरों or the mind body ) .
Finally a sculptor from पण्णुरूट्टी made an image of clay and showed it to him .
It is said Ramalinga remarked 'So the golden body has become clay.
And there ' s no death for me !
Therefore it is right that you will believe in his holy words: , behind those words realizing the truth and opposing all their ritual कर्मकांडो to defeat his truth.
He exhorted them to :
What is the nature of those powers that is beyond us and guides us ?
You may likewise gain divine life if you likewise give up all this .
Indeed the भारतीय Veda Sanmarga Sangam founded by him may be considered to be the Indian counterpart of the Theosophical Society founded ten years later in 1875 in New York .
Like the पुरूषों Hindu religion man can combine himself with a perfect purity and relentless effort into a blend of all पुरूषों sages known as the Mahatma or the साधु and who with special intuition .
He considers these as accretions and मिथ्था and dismisses them.
He even removed the word veda संगम from the original name of his Society which he called Satya Sanmarga Sangam .
He defined the . or 'good द्वारा as the approach to God by identification with life and the universe .
The Theosophical Society was founded on 7th September 1875 in New York by गुरूओं सोसाइटी who had repeatedly claimed that it was called by the promoters of Tibet to preach to the people by their Gurus and the saints .
Col. Henry S. एस0 was the first President of the Society and Madame Blavatsky the first secretary of the Society .
रामलिंग Velayuda Mudaliar the first and most distinguished disciple of Ramalinga met Madame Blavatsky and Col. मुदलियार when they were in Madras.
At that time Velayuda Mudaliar was a Tamil Pundit in Presidency College Madras .
Our loyal friend while writing these lines thought that his assertion would one day be capable of giving thousands of evidence .
But we do n ' t regard suicide as करार or धोखेबाज but we can only be happy to read the तिब्बती ' s statement which we have n ' t asked the Indians to repeat what they want . . . . .
Following the statement of Velayuda Mudaliar is a comment by Madame Blavatsky also reproduced in The 1882 - 1882 issue of July 1882
This is one of the cases of previous fore - telling of a coming event which is least of all open to suspicions of bad faith .
The honourable character of the evidence is the wide publicity of the pronouncements of his Master and the अफवाह of the periodical अफवाह or सोसाइटी of the Theosophical Society founded in India and its परामर्शदाताओं on the subject matter of some of its movements .
In March 1873 we were directed to proceed from Russia to Paris .
In June we were given an order to proceed to the United States where we arrived on July 6 .
This is the time when Ramalinga was घटनाओं the future events .
The aspirant must constantly meditate on the inner light of the inner sun or consciousness which is within man in three states : सुप्त and dormant outer sun is the replica of the inner sun .
This internal consciousness is the common quintessential core of all life.
The following extracts from the ब्राह्मण Upanishad ( the 7th brahmana or section of the third chapter are noted for glory and will help in understanding the meaning of the Gayatri .
He who dwells in the sun ( Aditya ) ) or in the Sun whose body the sun does not know and whose body the sun is the Sun ; he is your Self the Ruler within the immortal.
He who dwells in the moon and in the stars . - LRB - sic - RRB - who does not know the moon and stars ; whose body the moon and the stars are ; and the ruler within him is the immortal.
He who dwells in light ( शरीर ) and within the light and light whom the light does not know whose body the light is शरीर and who rules the light within he is your Self the Ruler within the immortal.
He who dwells in all beings and within all beings प्राणियों whom the beings do not know whose body all beings are शासन who rules all beings within he is your Self the Ruler within the immortal.
He who dwells in the human mind and within the mind . whom the mind does not know whose body the mind is and who rules the mind within he is your Self the Ruler within the immortal.
At about four o 'clock in the afternoon he could come back from the school and find that the teachers were waiting for him and that he had to continue practising it all the time " .
As soon as he left the drawing master arrived.
After the evening meal the master of English went and the boy began to में in the light of an oil - lamp.
But after a while he would read and leave much more than he had been reading .
This ordeal the poet recorded in his life : " Books tell us that the discovery of fire was one of the biggest discoveries of man .
But I can also feel very deep how much a big birds tell their parents not to light a lamp in the evening .
They have to remember their lesson in the morning and how gleefully they learn . "
The name of the servant who was in charge of the child ' s eating was भार .
He had a way of हिस्सा part of the food .
He would follow every delicacy before the hungry boy and ask in a stern voice " What more do you want ?
It created a new mood of envy and distrust .
They said it was a stolen goods . "
In the autumn of 1872 - 73 when Rabi was eleven years and nine months old the Maharshi personally presided over the यज्ञोपवीत with the sacred thread of his two young sons रवीन्द्र रवीन्द्र and Rabindra and his grandson रवि .
They were kept confined to a three - day हवेली festival at the third floor of the haveli to deliberate over the mysteries of life and the world ; the twice - born बालक and धमकाया the नौकरों and कान of their नौकरों .
The splendid cadence and के of this वैदिक verse appealed strongly to his feeling for rhythm and his sense of the mysterious रहस्यात्मक .
But the shaven head was for the time being a source of no little embarrassment the more so as shortly after the ceremony he had been admitted to an English school called ' Bengal School ' .
" The shaven head was sure to be a target of के of the irreverent Anglo - Indian comrades .
At last they reached their cottage at बकरोटा perched on the top of a mountain .
The boy was now free to wander about and feast his eyes on the loveliness and grandeur of the Himalayas spread out before him .
Taking an iron - लोहे stick in hand he roamed at will wandering from peak to peak .
The father kept no guard on him .
To the last moment of his life " testified " as a grateful son " he never came in the way of our freedom . "
On many occasions I have said or did what was contrary to his temperament or judgement and he could not immediately tell me but he thought it fit to wait till he himself had inspired me to do so .
We could not satisfy our passive consent or approval of what is right and proper ; he wanted us to love truth with all our थे and he knew that mere acquiescence without love is empty .
He knew that truth even if भटक from the path of थे which could be found ; but an orthodox and blind acceptance by its force from outside बाधा bars the way out . "
Early in the morning long before the sun rose he woke up the boy and practised with him the Sanskrit word .
After the Sanskrit lessons the father and son used to take the milk glass in the morning .
The Maharshi would then chant verses from the Upanishads the boy listening spell - bound by the sonorous flow .
Meanwhile the sun rose above the eastern peak and they would come out on their morning walk .
Returning home the father gave him an hour ' s English lesson after which he had a bath in icy - cold water .
So four months passed away with his father and away from the dull routine of his home and school he was not only the happiest day of Rabi ' s boyhood but also the richest and source of his early education .
Its immediate effect was that when he returned to Calcutta he was no longer a boy .
As he was a आख्यानों dream - as the episodes of the gods and goddesses - episodes from the heroes and sages - who read in books had come to light in them .
" I cannot say that my head was not चकरा in it . "
He was now the centre of attraction for the open - air gatherings on the roof - terrace in the evening .
Here he recited his stories and recited his poems and astounded the audience with the little information he had received from his father .
But the biggest feather in his cap was his recitation of रामायण in original Sanskrit .
Women knew of the Bengali version of the epic . The original news of the Ramayana was a mystery to all who knew nothing of it .
" Let us read our son Rabi but proud mother would खुशामद him .
No coaxing was required .
The prodigy was only too eager to astound the audience among whom was the youngest daughter - in - law of the family whose admiration he craved most.
But if he imagined that his new status would earn him an exemption from attendance at school he was mistaken.
Soon after he changed his school once again and was admitted to St. Xavier . no better result.
The teaching here was as dull and mechanical as in the case of previous schools but with the solemn observance of religious rituals the atmosphere was even more callous and formal .
Finally in 1875 at the age of fourteen he gave up going to school .
But the school - inspector did not waste his time .
She was determined to cheer him up in her own way .
The family atmosphere was congenial for such wayward pursuit of knowledge .
Poets and scholars समाजसुधारक musicians and philosophers विद्वान artists and social reformers geniuses and समाजसुधारक were all there in the family and more came in from outside .
He was then 13 years and 10 months old .
Though this was his first introduction to death and the loss of this remarkable lady must have been deeply दुख by the family the bereavement did not leave any marked impression on Rabi ' s mind at all .
The second wife . his elder brother . and his charming wife कादम्बरी who has been described as a new sister - in - law उंडेल poured all the affection on the young boy and the first felt her love in a small household .
Rabi had the premonition in the tender age of his boyhood who was a friend and follower of his किशोरावस्था - किशोरावस्था talent not only fed him but also gave him a direction by his mother his relative as a relative friend and colleague .
She was so young that she got married to किशोर and on such occasions she invited her young brother - in - law to partake of the feast .
She was a good cook and खिलाया him with a variety of dishes which were unknown in the ब्रजेश्वर ' s list .
She would make him assist her in household hobbies in cutting betel - nuts or in laying out in the sun to dry finely cut mango slices which make a delicious pickles .
She poured affection on him and yet स्नेह in a wilful झिडक - झिडक him to make the precocious boy conscious of his merit .
When he read to her his compositions she merely smiled with him and remarked how much better other poets had written than him .
And when I free myself I found nothing but pain . "
On his annual tour of the family estates at बंगाल he took the young brother to the north east of Bengal and taught him to ride and took him on the tiger hunting with him several times .
The jungle was dense and in its lights and shadows the tiger refused to show himself.
A ladder was made by cutting the पायदान in a stout bamboo and चढे climbed with his gun ready. to hand .
I had not even the poor tools - to make the lion beat or to let him down .
After long straining of his चश्मे eyes the , at last caught a glimpse of one of its markings in the घनी bushes .
It roared furiously biting at all the sticks and twigs within reach and lashing its tail .
I understand he must be gone because it is not the nature of tigers to wait so long and patiently to be killed .
I also knew that somebody had not given a little opium into its food the previous night .
The poet found his way through a series of व्यस्तता and before he went on to look after many of these बाल .
As a matter of fact " poet काहिनी is the story of a poet ' s spiritual bewilderment and alarm .
The poem begins with a highly आदर्शवादी image of a poet ' s childhood who is brought up in the lap of nature which is his mother and companion as she is .
He feels that nature is more than a mere handful of इऋडऋआंगन its own purpose is the laws of the laws which will make their secrets clear only to those who have a perpetual study of it .
And so long as a day passes बंटे who remain equally divided into love and nature and its variations until this innocent style feels a vast gulf between man and man and love .
He wanders disconsolate in the forest and chances upon a maiden with whom he falls in love .
Her name is Nalini - a name that was always dear to Rabindranath .
The poet is happy at first but soon lost interest in the fragrance of Love and its है joy .
A restlessness seizes him he leaves Nalini in search of what he himself does not know and wanders in the big world of men .
When he returns still disconsolate he finds that Nalini pining away in his absence is on her death - bed .
It was during this period that he created his own music for his songs .
The style of this kind was at once literary and musical in which words were written and the tunes came first and then at the same time the tunes and the tune पीछे together with the word and the tune that they breathed from their last.
On the whole he composed about two thousand songs and songs which are full of music and which are sung in Bengal on any significant occasion and have left all these songs in a popular appeal and even their poems are पीछे .
It was in Ahmedabad and where Tagore had thought of one of his earliest short stories about the plot of ' पाषाण ' stones ' .
Staying in the house where the stones had been mute witnesses of scenes of पत्थर and intrigue redolent of the Arabian Nights his fancy free to wander से up pictures of those days .
After staying in Ahmedabad for a few days रवि ' s elder brother realised that he would be good enough to make himself better and better in the Western way if he could live with a family in England he could communicate with English .
So he sent Rabi to Bombay to stay with Dr डा . . an established physician and a social reformer of advanced thought .
The burden of educating Rabi fell on the beautiful and young daughter of the family lovely enough that had lived in England and was highly sophisticated by the standards of those days .
Anna ( the full name was Annapurna ) was only slightly older than Rabi .
मि . who was also a man of letters is even more odd though less pathetic than the Latin teacher .
The other members of the family were his gentle little wife and her pet dog .
Whenever बार्कर had spoken to his wife he tortured the poor dog .
He sat silent and उदास on the dinner table as to make the anxious guest clearer - headed .
Mrs बार्कर would mumble back " I wish you were a little more humble . "
But I said " तो " I opposed किया .
" But I have n ' t heard of it " said a पत्नी wife .
" my mistake in जाते " I went to अकड
A . R . ब्लेकशीड who tried to fix the perception and parameters of secularism ' in the West were unable to arrive at any fully viable and acceptable definition of the term .
Secular State must have nothing to do with religious affairs : except when their management involves crime fraud or becomes a threat to unity and integrity of the state .
On the contrary are the शासन or the शासन of one ' s autocratic rule .
The fundamental signs of democracy are that the sovereignty vests in the people ; the creed of religion the creed of religion the diversity of the caste स्त्री the gender caste group the system of administration without distinction of gender distinction of education or of professional background .
In a democracy the people are supposed to be their own masters .
They have an inalienable right to rule themselves or to be ruled in the way they like and by the people they choose .
Democracy also recognises the fact that from time immemorial human beings have been fighting with each other for power or authority .
Democracy tries to substitute a more civilised manner of fighting.
It presents the methods of discussion and persuasion in place of the armed conflict .
In ancient Indian Village Republics and the Greek City States all the citizens assembled together and decided issues of governance .
From the British Commonwealth it became the Commonwealth of Nations .
The Commonwealth specifically recognised India ' s status as a sovereign independent Republic .
It has therefore no bearing on the rich democratic or republican nature of the State .
Social and economic democracy : Democracy in a purely political sense means that every citizen has the right to freely vote in elections at a time .
In all democratic elections the principle of " one man . a man of faith " has come into force because of the recognition of the fact that all men are equal rights whether highly educated or illiterate businessmen or illiterate businessmen are श्रमिक .
For our founding fathers however democracy did not mean merely political democracy or the people ' s right to periodically vote to elect their representatives .
Without social and economic democracy political democracy had no meaning in a poor country like India .
Dr .
Ambedkar social and economic democracy was the real aim and ultimate goal .
He said that parliamentary democracy was meaningless unless it was geared to achieving the real goal of economic democracy .
Jawaharlal Nehru had observed later that Democracy of his conception was only a means to an end .
The objective is to provide an excellent life for every person that needs a certain measure of essential economic needs .
Only in the measure that democracy succeeds in solving the economic problems does it succeed even in the political field .
If the economic problems are not solved then the political structure tends to weaken and crack .
It is made clear by the words of the Preamble that all the citizens of the Republic were given " social न्याय economic and political justice " .
Justice means a harmony between the interests of individuals व्यक्तियों groups and between the individuals and groups on the one hand and the interests of the community on the other .
What is most important is that the Preamble places Justice higher than the principles of freedom equality and fraternity .
The concept of justice is indeed very wide .
It is not confined to the narrow legal justice as administered by courts .
Social justice implies that all citizens are treated equally and their status in society is not in any way due to the status of all men women ' s caste laws ' s caste laws status title etc.
Article 15 prohibits discrimination or disability in the matter of access to public places .
The humane conditions of work ; maternity relief leisure promoting economic interests among the backward classes the minimum wage the ban on forced labour and so on are the aims of social justice .
In economic justice there is a need to treat the rich and the poor and try to bridge the gap between them .
In pursuance of the objective of economic justice पुरुषों ( article 39 ) guides the state of शोषण to ensure that adequate means of livelihood to all citizens are not provided by those who are not dependent on them ; they are protected from the welfare of society ; and by the ; they are provided by the common law ; they are provided by the ; they are not by the ; they are provided by the welfare of the welfare of the welfare of men ; they are provided ; they are denied equality of the welfare of
In fact various other passages in Part IV of the Constitution ( articles 36 to 51 ) are also directed towards securing a new social and economic order imbued with justice .
The concept embodied in our Preamble is only that of equality of status and opportunity .
legal सामाजिक social , political and economic aspects .
All citizens are equal before law and enjoy equal protection of the laws of the country .
All citizens are equally entitled to enjoy the political rights to vote and participate in the process of governance without any discrimination .
In the economic field equality means a वेतन of ability and a pay for one ' s labour .
Moreover the शोषण will not exploit one person or one class other persons or classes .
The concept of equality of status and opportunity has been given concrete shape and form in articles 14 to 18 .
न्याय The ideals of freedom and equality are relevant and meaningful only so far as they promote the brotherhood of Indian fraternity the same son of Mother India ; it has been all the different races linguistic minorities religious and जातीय .
Provisions relating to common citizenship are directed towards strengthening Indian fraternal feelings and building a strong Indian brotherhood .
The fundamental rights guaranteed to all citizens without any discrimination and the Directive Principles directed at achieving social and economic equality are also designed to promote fraternity .
It goes beyond separation of religion and politics freedom of Hinduism equality of respect for all religions etc .
Unfortunately not enough importance has been attached by the jurists and judges to this concept .
Speaking on the need for the recognition of the principle of fraternity Dr .
Ambedkar said in the Constituent Assembly : What is the meaning of fraternity ?
There is also an international aspect of fraternity which leads us to the concept of universal brotherhood the ancient Indian ideal of universal brotherhood .
Article 51 of this Constitution has made it clear under the Directive Principles .
The object was to ensure that the basic rights of freedom equality equality etc and that of the state as the Directive Principles were evolved to bring their policies a steady standard of living and fair play to all citizens .
No wonder that the Supreme Court found that the Preamble contained some of the basic features of the Constitution which could not be altered even by any amendment of the Constitution under article 368 .
The princely States with legislatures were put in Part B .
Part C included five centrally ruled states .
The islands of Andaman and Nicobar were mentioned in Part d .
Andhra was created as a separate State on linguistic basis by the Andhra Act 1953 .
In the case of Tamil Nadu State of Tamil Nadu AIR 1974 S . 555 the traditional concept of equality was challenged and a new approach to equality within Article 14 was evolved by Justice अय्यर and Justice अय्यर .
From a प्रत्यक्षवादी point of view equality is के to , .
One belongs to the rule of law in a republic while the other to the राज्य and राज्य of an absolute state .
Where an act is arbitrary it is implicit that it is unequal both in political logic and constitutional law and is therefore violation of article 14 .
In later decisions - LRB - Mahatma Gandhi v. Union of India - RRB - LRB - Union of India - LRB - AIR Raman Dayaram 1938 - RRB - v.
The doctrine of classification which the courts have evolved is not नहीं of article 14 nor is it the objective and end of that code .
It is merely a judicial formula for determining whether the legislative or executive action in question is arbitrary and therefore constituting denial of equality by it .
The reasonableness of restrictions has to be determined not on abstract considerations but in an objective manner and from the point of view of persons upon whom the restrictions are imposed ( हनीफ हनीफ बिहार v. State of Bihar AIR 1958 SC प्रतिबंध ) .
It is the effect of a law which really constitutes the test of its reasonableness ; its object whether good or bad is immaterial for this purpose .
राज्य Prasad Lakshmi Narain v. State of Uttar Pradesh AIR 1954 SC 227 224 224 .
The restrictions placed to implement the Directive Principles of State Policy have been held to be reasonable ( Bombay State v. f ) .
Freedom of speech and expression is a sine qua non of the functioning of a democratic state .
Democracy means a government by persuasion and unless there is freedom for discussion of political and other matters the polity could not be termed democracy .
( Romesh थापर v. State of Madras AIR 1950 SC 124 ) .
The Diary has some amusing descriptions of the passengers trying to kill time .
The poet ' s eyes must have wandered or else how could he have seen all these things ?
English girls would be glad to read what he noted in his Diary about their grandmothers .
, the patriot of my country , - होंठ I hope you will be sorry for this if I spoke in praise of their beautiful faces their red lips and shapely noses and eyes that reflect the blue of the sky.
Once again he admires the European society in which women have made a fair proportion of their position in the matter of freedom and help in strengthening the nation and pointing to the स्त्रियों of the only स्त्रियों and Indian society .
I do not want any throne to me on the stage and let me sit with my audience on the same seat as they listen .
I do want to know exactly what his true feeling of disappointment is at the root of my own and why he does not approve of my writing and when I say that " I do not wish to believe this statement of mine .
Ten years earlier he had said in one of his songs : " They will call you mad ! "
You must wait for tomorrow and keep quiet .
He will bring a garland of flowers with him . "
And tomorrow took a long time to come .
One reason why Rabindranath wrote होकर होकर ' and पूर्वाग्रहों ' which is full of कलात्मक and irony ' it is rare to say that there is a drama of art which is the best of poetry and drama .
There are only four chapters in this work and four characters one of them tells the whole story .
" What he has done about China since then ? has a clear vision of देश देश देश and ऊर्जा . And I know there is tremendous energy it has gathered from me .
And when this powerful power gets its own modern vehicle विज्ञान in other words when science comes under its control what force is there in the world to come forward to meet it ?
Then the gift of work with the resources will be कार्य .
All the nations that are now enjoying the fruits of the earth dread that awakening of China and want to put off that day unwelcome for them . "
Tagore stayed in Japan for over three months in a period visiting many places .
He has noted in his diary that since I came here I have not heard anyone singing on the road : " The hearts of these people arc not resonant like a waterfall but silent like a lake .
All the poems I have hitherto heard are picture - songs not song - songs .
The influence of these poems remarkable for their brevity may have worked on his mind when he yielded to the requests of young ladies to लिख something on their fans .
It is freedom of thought and action : European teachers are not ट्यूशन .
It is science but not its wrong application in life . "
But his words fell on deaf ears for was he not the poet of a nation defeated and subject ?
In September 1916 Tagore sailed for समुद्री .
The lectures delivered during the second visit to the United States were published in two volumes Nationalism and स्टेट्स .
The latter part of the lectures which combined with the art of scholarship and the natural potential of a human being deeply admired became the संप्रदाय sect and was also attacked by the American press in a forthright manner.
The Detroit Journal warned the people against दिमागी sickly दिमागी mental poison with which Tagore would corrupt the minds of the youth of this great United States . "
The hectic schedule of his travels and the स्वास्थ्य of American life and the loss of his sensibility affected his health and caused him ill during his stay in San Francisco .
Some क्रांतिकारी young Indians more patriotic than intelligent belonging to a revolutionary organisation known as the गदर . Party had misconstrued his denunciation of nationalism as betrayal of Indian nationalist aspirations .
A few years ago the British Government conferred on Tagore the title of ' Night ' and these ब्रिटिश ब्रिटिश together understood that this was an Indian ब्रिटिश Night ' which he was sent to the United States for his ब्रिटिश .
The British authorities on the other hand were uneasy and उद्विग्न of Tagore ' s uncompromising denunciation of war and were apprehensive of the possible effect of his speeches on the American mind ?
He was therefore not averse to encouraging rumours that the Indian poet was being used as a tool of German propaganda to alienate American sympathy From the British and Allied war efforts .
Thus made the innocent target of mud कीचड from both camps Tagore was deeply hurt and अपमानित and this was the first time ever that the poet felt for his return home .
He terminated his contract for the lecture - tour prematurely and sailed for Japan in January 1917 .
After a month ' s stay in Japan रवीन्द्रनाथ Tagore returned to India in March 1917 .
There he did not see the face of aggressive युवक but of repressed nationalism being trampled under foot by the very country whose youth were dying elsewhere in defence of their own nation .
He was once again being drawn into the political arena of which the stormy centre was no longer confined to Bengal .
He was now too important to be quiet when he saw his people परेशान .
कलक
One of these letters विवाद written in reply to Gandhi ' s query is of particular interest because it belongs to the language controversy in India and continues to this day .
They are convinced that Hindi is the possible national language for India in regard to the so - called national language which they can continue to be provided by the people of Madras as far as this national language is concerned and with its विदेशी
The political situation in the country was getting worse day by day .
For lack of adequate constructive channels the भूमिगत of the Bengali youth driven underground was exploding in terrorist activities .
The British Government now confident of victory in Europe प्रतिशोध प्रतिशोध
Violence must be put down with greater violence ;
This age - old philosophy of power was working its शक्ति .
But occasions come when to remain in the shelter of one ' s own special activities become so humiliating .
And particularly when I have been told by a reliable source of information that a very inhuman treatment with a diplomatic prisoner is being done : I am obliged to write this letter again . "
These stories were written only when they saw the trials and tribulations of their eldest daughter and the premature death and their personal pain clearly bearing their sufferings and pain .
These stories do tell us of the परिवार case for the joint Hindu family which is far more difficult than anywhere else because it goes beyond विद्वेष ' s मृत्यु and how in a story her husband who goes on to death - bed at the same time घर .
Now that she is dying she refuses all medicine for living itself has become a disease which only death could save her .
Soon she returns home a widow and grows into an attractive woman .
The mother ' s heart is टूक by her daughter ' s wasted youth and she dies till her last night in the service of her father .
But the old rheumatic widower cannot do with out a wife and goes off to marry a young bride having found adequate sanction in his ब्याह .
When he returns the house is empty and the story of सयानी and घर has disappeared with the neighbor who had always loved her and whom she had always loved her .
The angry father is horrified at her wickedness and curses her daughter .
The messenger of freedom will himself no longer be free .
He had won the world and the world in turn had won him .
He wanted to find his home everywhere in the world and bring the whole world to his home .
And so the tiny school at Santiniketan became a university in Calcutta : शांतिनिकेतन a centre of Indian culture - the प्राच्य an institute of oriental learning and a meeting place in the East - West .
The poet selected as its motto a Sanskrit verse: Yatra है है eka - एक - where the whole world meets in one nest .
The idea had दिमाग in his mind since his last tour of Japan and the United States and he made his first public announcement of it at a special gathering in Santiniketan on 22 December 1918 at Santiniketan .
On almost the same day three years later the University was formally inaugurated .
The University like its predecessor the School was the product of a poet ' s mind and like a dream when it materialised it turned out to be a pointer to the future .
Tagore believed : " It is the duty of every caste to keep alight its own lamp of mind as its part in the illumination of the world .
It is true that he was required for the implementation of his plan both the advertising and the resources - but far more important were his personal and private needs .
In a letter of 15 April 1918 he makes a clear observation about it and you must have read in books that some birds live in their nests at certain times and fly away .
I am such a bird .
From time to time something calls me from beyond the ocean and my wings उडान .
He made an extensive tour of south India visiting several towns where he lectured on his educational ideals .
He also visited western India and presided over the Gujarati Literary Conference in Ahmedabad and spent some time with Mahatma Gandhi at his newly founded asrama on the bank of Sabarmati .
This period 1917 - 19 hectic with political and educational activities was comparatively less crowded with literary creation .
During these years only two original and important works could be written in Bengali : one of them was published in 1918 under the title 1922 ( बंग्ला ) and the other one published long after 1922 .
But though comparatively meagre in volume the character of his Bengali compositions of the period reveals a very high quality of thought imagination and feeling and marks a new departure in technique and a fresh field for बंग्ला .
The है is referred to above .
The second book is 1919 ( published in 1919 ) a different kind of work .
There are a few descriptive विवरणात्मक some satirical pieces some satirical and some व्यंग्यात्मक .
They are written in prose but it is a prose which has a charm of poetry with rhythm and music .
It is possible that the author wanted consciously to capture in Bengali prose the rhythm and rhythm of expression as he had unconsciously achieved in his English translation of ' Gitanjali .
On the other hand these compositions were remarkably reminiscent of the prose poems which had been written in the memory of his late sister - in - law in the year 1884 after his death in गद्य and published in his memory as गद्य गद्य .
There is no self - pity no undercurrent of grievance in these स्मृतियों which are instinct with wisdom which comes of sorrow that has now turned into विषाद . "
The girl ' s father would laugh at the meeting and laugh at her wedding and break the last chapter in the novel with the परिणय and परिणय marriage ceremony and get rid of this article of five बिकते ' बिकते ' .
HAVING पुरुष and won his Muse the man in Rabindranath like his Arjuna in पुरुष had planned to spread his activity in a fuller life among the people .
The artist in him also used to trek in दूब fresh pastures and seek integral parts of expression .
The poet ' s imagination निरीक्षण his stand by observation of reality and as such a tender creeper or by the firm base of a tree growing gradually and places its place .
The life of the village brought him in direct contact with the soil of his land and the daily prosaic matter - of - fact business of looking after the estates enabled him to see how the vast majority of his people lived.
He grew in love with them and this affection gave them an understanding of their helplessness like a mother ' s tender child in her tender mind .
They are the great and unfortunate children of the Creator who has to undergo a handful of food at his disposal ; otherwise they would have been ruined .
When the breasts of mother - earth dry up all they can do is to cry.
As soon as the hunger is somewhat appeased they forget everything .
In another letter he writes : " If there is any undercurrent attached to the minds of all men then my heart ' s deep concern for them will surely reach them and will be of some good to them . "
In his argument and scientific evidence man told Brahma that the horse was not fit for freedom and in the broad sense of the claim of the घोडा to find out how to use it .
The Old Man ' s Ghost is obsession with Past which rides on the shoulders of Present subjecting the welfare of living to a vain glorification of national culture and an अकारण dread of change .
" Truth is the same to all nations " he had said " but every nation has its lies which it speaks of as its idealism . "
He had translated portions of these lectures into French and had used them in his articles during the war .
When the war ended he asked Tagore in June 1919 to add his signature to the Declaration of Independence as Romain Rolland had drafted on behalf of the European artists and intellectuals .
This shameful World War which marked Europe ' s failure has been amply demonstrated and has made it clear that Europe alone is unable to defend itself .
Her idea needs Asia ' s thought precisely as Asia has enriched itself with European thought .
Is that non - violence ?
To illustrate the difference between these two great minds in modern India Remain Rolland who had the imagination to appreciate and interpret both.
In his own words the controversy between Tagore and Gandhi is that of two great men who are full of mutual respect and admiration ; but they were different in their feelings as a philosopher from a religious प्रचारक - पाल .
On the one hand we have the spirit of religious faith and charity for the establishment of a new humanity on the other we have intelligence an independent calm and generous personality which seeks in the unity of all hopes and aspirations of all humanity .
Tagore always looked upon Gandhi as a saint and I have often heard him speak of him with veneration.
When I referring to the Mahatma I mentioned Tolstoy Tagore pointed out to me and I realise it now that I knew Gandhi better how much through a wave of revolution and a radiance of आत्म - आत्म spirit .
His nature is his nature : goodness simplicity and purity while his struggles are revealed to religious intuition and everything is violent in the violent struggle against human emotion .
At that time Rabindranath was not only the poet but the spiritual ambassador of Asia to Europe where he had sought the help of people in creating a university at Santiniketan .
It was ironical that Tagore was teaching the world the lesson of cooperation between the प्राच्य and the पाश्चात्य while at the other hand non - cooperation was being preached .
And yet in his reply so proud and so poignant there is nevertheless something that justified Tagore ' s आशांकाओं ( जबरदस्ती मर्मस्पर्शी ) to force the man who was called upon to obey the जबरदस्ती discipline of the cause.
Without any discussion the law of Swadeshi the first command of which is the spinning wheel .
रवीन्द्रनाथ to prolong an unnecessary and futile debate with a man whose character he deeply respected and whose advent on the scene he had hoped for and आचरणों Tagore had lost his favourite retreat in Santiniketan to leave his favourite retreat .
Had he not earlier admonished himself: " If you cannot march in step with your compatriots in the greatest crisis of history beware of saying they are in the wrong and; you in the हैं .
Leave it for him and go to the poet ' s corner and be prepared to meet ridicule and public disgrace. "
In the darkness of defeat he heard a voice ; everywhere you are with children playing on the banks of the world and I am there with you .
The result was a series of poems in which lyrical interpretation of the child ' s mind was written which were published in 1922 in Bholanath ' and the poems published two decades earlier . The memory of the हुई moon .
The dejection from which he sought relief in these poems had in fact begun earlier in New York where he had felt a prisoner in the कैदी of the Castle of कैदी .
They विलाप : My heart is beating up .
" During the night I dream of Santiniketan which blossoms like a flower in the atmosphere of the unbounded freedom of simplicity .
His first practical experiments in this respect were conducted for the benefit of the peasants of his family estates .
Many years later when he was working out his educational experiments at Santiniketan he founded a parallel institution adjacent to the educational colony and named it ग्रामीण nucleus for experiments in rural community development .
Himself a leading intellectual among his people his chief concern as a man was not only as a poet ; for fifty years from 1890 to the year of hi - 1941 an Indian peasant .
In the midst of their limited resources they managed to make it possible for the farmers to create schools and hospitals जलाशयों roads and जलाशयों create external institutions and banks which encourage small self - government activists and thus improve the system of slavery .
While the peasants got loans at cheap interest the school received a fixed annual income on the one hand .
At one time this liberal zamindar who was so anxious about the good of his masters he said the creator in their life his joys and sorrows his joys and sorrows his hopes and sufferings his living friends and daring family his renunciation and his renunciation .
Always seeking the great in the small he found ample material in the lives of the common folk for his stories .
While my companion was the eternal Piper this Spirit of play I was nearest to the heart of the world .
I knew its mother - tongue , and what I sang was caught up by the chorus of the wind and water and the dance - master of life .
" But in the midst of my dream - world the schoolmaster came and I was foolish enough to accept his guidance .
I laid aside my reed and left the field of the game in which the eternal child spent his eternity in the same खेल game .
In a moment I became old and carried the burden of wisdom on my back हांक truths from door to door .
" Why have I to carry this burden I ask myself over and over again shouting myself hoarse in this noisy world where everybody is crying up his own रहा ?
Is this the climax of the poet ' s end ? all those propaganda directed towards propaganda from continent to continent ?
All this seems to me like a bad dream from which I occasionally wake up in the dead of night and grope about in my bed टटोलता Where is my music ?
The poet who is true to his mission फसलें his harvest of love; but the poet who भटकता into the path of the जीवन is dismissed with तालियों .
So I founded an international university it is a great work .
At such times he tended to be उथले repetitive and बासी .
Such journeys and visits to the Bar to the stage have never been an attraction for the धन and the endless journey to the highest ideal ( which later developed in the campaign for raising funds for Visva - Bharati - Bharati for any creative movement .
Gradually he came in the midst of a flock of admirers many of whom were little better than दरबारी parasites and parasites who applauded their action and praises them .
This is a menace which celebrities all over the world have to face but it is the most dangerous in India the traditional home of घर .
He discovered new areas of creative thought and yet will bring back all his past achievements and discover that whatever may be the highest peak of his life - he can no longer be the अनथक अनथक of his flaming energy their अनथक
The world had become his stage and Santiniketan an ideal studio for रिहर्सल .
In July Tagore presided at शेली Centenary Celebrations in Calcutta .
The previous play was associated with the बर्बादी use of skills for the waste of the acquired states ; but the drama now समस्या the freedom of the spirit in living which figures are rapidly changing in machine - building an artificial machine and a firm culture .
The theme of the play is the struggles of centuries - old people versus the स्वच्छंदता of national स्वच्छंदता the struggle between the free intelligence and cold calculating intellect which with the growth of the mechanical technique .
The treatment is characteristically रवीन्द्रनाथ half - realistic half - allegorical logic and mysticism घुल together making the dramatic conflict more suggestive and suggestive than obvious the conclusion more baffling than convincing.
The kingdom of मजदूरों is flooded with gold mines and bonded labour .
His king was wearing a ring of आतंक secret of terror and fear behind the closed iron doors ( long before Churchill thought of the symbol ) .
In his name the Police Chief rules the land with a ruthless exercise of जमीन and religious superstitions .
It is the same cord says a victim that makes the whip and whip .
Into this brave new world comes Nandini ' s young and wilful girl who fears no one and whose beauty charms every one .
She उलट the accepted order not only making the workers rebellious but आंदोलनकारी the King himself out of his छुपने .
When he sees what his attendants have made to their people is what he is to lead a movement against his own Sardars but from नंदिनी the beloved companion of नंदिनी नंदिनी a courageous and courageous youth who refuses to go to government business .
It was a true devotion to a young and ardent spirit dedicated to it and not a society lady eager to capture a lion .
That this enforced holiday was fruitful in. a truly creative sense is evidenced from the quality of poems exquisite and haunting in their playful and restrained tenderness which he wrote during his stay at San इसीड्रो and for some time .
These poems were published in 1925 under the title कविताएं पूरबी which is the name of a lovely evening melody.
This volume was dedicated to Vijaya ( Vijaya ) a parallel to Victoria in Sanskrit by which Tagore used to address his host .
I am sending you this to Calcutta he wrote in a book from Calcutta : " A Bengali book of poems I wish to hand over to you .
I have dedicated it to you though you do not know what it is .
In the words of विजया ' the poet who had spent with विजया came in his language from विजया came to know from this extract ( unfortunately ' से ' some of the most lyrical elements of original poetry ) .
" She ' s smiling " I brought flowers of bliss and I have nothing but the fruit of my grief .
I asked her who would be the loser if we exchange what we have? "
This assurance was borne out to the end of the deep affinity that linked the Mahatma and the Poet survived the many द्वंद्व on the public platform .
In fact this glorious discovery was पारस्परिक .
Before the year ended Tagore presided over the first session of the Indian Philosophical Congress in Calcutta where he spoke on the philosophic significance of the folk cultures and folk religions of India .
Shortly after the birth of the new year he had gone to Lucknow to attend the All India Music Assembly .
In the midst of the music ceremony he heard of the death of his eldest brother द्विजेन्द्रनाथ - nath who was a learned and brilliant philosopher and mathematics .
One by one his all - old relationships were broken : द्विजेन्द्रनाथ was a true philosopher who took even his own vast learning and talents और and neither paraded the former nor made much of the latter .
He was not only for Tagore but for all including रवीन्द्रनाथ Dada ( elder brother ) a man who had been content with Mahatma Gandhi and Andrews .
" The death of दादा दादा our grandfather takes up a great sage देशभक्त philosopher and patriot from our midst . "
One day suddenly the stones felt the feeling of a familiar shiver of delight ; for sometimes the sounds of Kusum ' s feet .
But there was no longer the same light music in her step.
Kusum had returned to her village but as a widow .
She gradually grew into a beautiful सयानी girl with a flower like the Ganges swells into beauty during the rainy season .
One day a tall and handsome Sanyasi arrived in the village and took up his abode in the Siva temple near the Ghats .
Men and women of the village came to listen to his discourse but Kusum was not one of them .
On the day of the sun ' s eclipse many people came from different villages around to bathe in the holy Ganges among them some women from the village who had spent their marital life for a few days .
One thing goes on from the mouth of one of these adult women that a Sanyasi was very much like the husband of Kusum who had disappeared a few years ago and was killed .
ने herself she pulled the veil down on her face and did obeisance to the Sanyasi .
It is not without significance that he composed his poetical and musical compositions of this period revolve round the concept of Nataraja the Divine नर्तक holding the universe in the whirl of his cosmic dance.
In February he embodied it in Santiniketan as a song - and - dance drama called Nataraja नटराज .
In March he went back to western India and presided over the Hindi Sahitya Sabha in the then princely state of Bharatpur.
He spent the summer in the pleasant hill station of Shillong in Assam where he began writing what might have been his biggest novel Teen पुरुष ( Three पीढियां ) .
As the title signifies it was an ambitious scheme and he began a very good beginning . The perfect method of story - telling is entirely different from that of some आरोपित and artificial घुमावों .
The loving observer of his people the story - teller and the social psychologist have combined to achieve a consummate work of art which makes some critics acclaim this novel as रवीन्द्रनाथ most satisfying of all his novels . "
But Tagore was no Tolstoy or टाल्सटाय and could not live long at a stretch in one fixed world even though they were a part of his writing .
The poet . the singer and the teacher sometimes got involved in the novelist and remove his attention from the story or the characters and thus the story he had thought came to an end only one generation after two years called the proposed novel .
Almost all the major novels of Tagore depict the inevitable conflicts and contradictions of Indian society .
Most of these disputes are usually at the social and cultural level but the aspect analysed - changes in each novel .
Having given up the voyage he was no longer restless and और .
The old poise returned and with it the creative mind .
During his brief stay in Bangalore he not only completed the novel कोलम्बो but also finished another novel Which he had started during his कोलम्बो visit .
This novel which is almost half poetry is very popular among Bengali readers and stands in a class by itself.
In the modern background its refreshing liveliness and जीवंतता style were the जीवंतता of the author ' s जीवंतता - of which he made himself a निष्ठुर critic of the hero and the निष्ठुर humour which blended into a beautiful poem .
Dr Sukumar Sen describes it as " सेन a love story written as if to end all love stories .
It is interesting to recall that the author completed the second novel खत्म almost simultaneously and no two novels could be different from each other in his उपन्यास style मिजाज style मिजाज style मिजाज style मिजाज style and rendering speech and rendering .
Fortunately he had no training and no reputation at stake as a painter and so he painted without inhibition without inhibition .
The most unfortunate aspect of the case was that they had not taken this form seriously and carried on a close watch showing some other means of paper self - regulation equipment or colour - with which serious success or quality was achieved today .
In the midst of the gaps of his literary activity a great deal of work and with it in a meeting with साहित्यिक and साहित्यिक he wrote about three thousand कृतियां and रेखांकन all these works were inscribed in his last thirteen years .
There is no doubt that many of these drawings are marked by a pronounced resemblance in spite of their affinity with song and poetry .
In fact it could be seen in any other aspect of his self - will not be too serious but he had not yet disappeared from the ordeal and the desire expressed by the new medium .
What he wanted to say must be called by all his जीवन and an utter आत्मा it must have commanded a certain dignity as it must have been with any other human being .
He writes as one dedicated consciously and impelled है to a higher purpose .
But when he paints it is rather like होते walking sure of his step without seeing driven by an urge of which the direction is outside his control .
The grotesque the bizarre the क्रूर the cruel and the bitter ( क्रूर ) which he scrupulously kept apart from his writings he comes to light out of his sketches .
Not only Angels and देवदूत but देवदूत पात्र and फरिश्ते too have their full play on his canvas .
After a pleasant stay in फ्रेंच he came to the French Indo - China where he was warm welcome back to India in July and at a time that Santiniketan would be full of rain as he called .
In January 1930 Tagore visited western India and delivered a lecture in Baroda on the artist ' s subject he returned to Santiniketan in February .
In March he sailed for Europe to keep his engagement for the यूरोप Lectures at Oxford which ill - health had prevented him earlier .
Indeed the lecture was a very beautiful बहाने on which he was बेचैनी in other words : This time he wanted to see an exhibition in Paris of his paintings and once again to see the मेजबान मेजबान of Argentina .
The paintings were well received by Paris critics who described them as pure paintings absolutely sincere and wholly निर्बंध by our studio traditions .
The आक्सफोर्ड Lectures delivered in Oxford later in the month were published in the following years as The Religion of Man dedicated to एलम्हर्स्ट एलम्हर्स्ट .
After the exhibition of his paintings in Birmingham and London Tagore left for Berlin in July .
This visit deepened his affection and regard for Einstein with whom he had long discussions a gist of Which is recorded in an appendix to The Religion of Man .
His pictures were exhibited at Gallery बर्लिन in Berlin and a civic reception was accorded to him in the ancient Town Hall of Munich .
He visited many places in Germany including पैसन जर्मनी where he witnessed the play पैसन .
We have neither power nor wealth .
We are the helpless and the helpless under dog class of the world .
Marxism or the philosophy of भौतिकवाद materialism was alien to his mental make - up which sought for harmony and cooperation rather than contradiction and conflict in the process of history .
His faith in the validity of the individual conscience and the personality of man ” biased him against any technique of political action aimed at wholesale and violent suppression of opposition .
He had a horror of the machine dominating the man and knew that the party machinery could not be और and everything else .
He believed that . means were capable of मानवीय the most humane ends .
He was by no means a blind admirer of what he saw in the सोवित union .
He was aware of the ruthless nature of the party dictatorship and of the many moral limitations of the Soviet test .
But these limitations did not allow him to lose his perspective or set him in the way of a barrier to his cause .
It is true that Tagore was sensitive to the political and social uplift of his country and did not himself partly inspire it with the highest honour that Tagore had among all his domestic or foreign leaders .
On the other hand he was afraid of Mahatma ' s Middle Ages and of reactionary sentiments and social सामाजिक .
The Mahatma may अतिक्रमण beyond the limits of his own beliefs but may his followers also do so ?
How far his misgivings were justified may be left to the verdict of history .
But he was soon मुखौटे by the innate lucidity of his mind and learnt to distinguish the mask from the face and came to realise that India for all her uniqueness was but a part of humanity like any other part and must march with it .
Gandhi had also realised the same truth when he said " If man can describe God with all his power and forgiveness then I will come to the conclusion that God is Truth .
For the past two years I went a step further and said that Truth is God . "
He wrote it in English during his stay in Germany last year and the citizens of Calcutta during this period when he was on the occasion of his Gandhi ' s रवीन्द्र birthday he was invited to the Round Table Conference and suddenly discovered Mahatma Gandhi ' s arrest .
The poet who had still some faith in the British professions of justice. and fair play sent a cable to the Prime Minister Mr मैकडोनाल्ड मैकडोनाल्ड protesting against the policy of indiscriminate repression. causing permanent alienation of our people from yours.
On 26 January he issued a statement which was not fully published because of the official ban .
He expressed his feelings in ऋश्वर a poem called ऋश्वर in which he addressed God and asked God that he sent his emissary time and again to teach forgiveness and love . "
रवीन्द्रनाथ in seclusion he went to a quiet cottage on the banks of the river Ganga in एकांतवास where he wrote many poems inspired by pictures of his own and other Indian painters .
Later all these poems were published under the title कविताएं and were dedicated to कविताएं Basu .
Age and claims of a strenuous life were telling on Tagore ' s straight back and stately shoulders were getting bent.
When he had made up his mind that he would no longer be able to undertake another foreign tour he was invited by King शाह Shah शाह of Iran to visit his country .
To avoid the strain of a long and arduous journey they travelled by air .
He had written long ago in one of his poems : " I wish I was a great admirer .
गुलाबों news awaited him on his return from the land of roses and roses .
His only grandson जर्मनी delicate sensitive youth of much promise whom he had sent to Germany for training in book - printing was seriously ill with galloping दाय
अगस्त died in Germany on 7 August .
The death of his only grandson in a far - away land was a severe blow to the poet .
But as the poet had suffered many bereavements and from each great sorrow he had emerged more chastened in spirit and firmer in his faith in life .
In one of his beautiful poems he wrote : " The ruthless greatness of your heart has made you from afar to terrible and invincible .
With trembling heart I stood before you in dread of your shouting .
A few years earlier he had sung it : I have dived into the ocean of forms in the hope of getting the pearl of the Formless I shall be going with my worn - out boat.
रवीन्द्रनाथ to wander he could now dive deeper than ever .
Many discerning Bengali critics believe that his greatest poetry was written in the last decade of his life .
This may or may not be so depending on the reader ' s mood taste taste and mental structure .
What is undisputed is that he scaled many peaks in his life which were very different from each other and as one watches him as top any one of them it seems the highest .
And since the final peak which is nearest to the reader can be said to be the most painful and वीरोचित for he had decided it from his old age and शरीर body it is not surprising that one of them should rise to the most important height .
On the 20th September the country was stunned to hear the decision taken by Gandhiji to fast unto death with a sentence of अंग्रेज imprisonment which the British Prime Minister decided to create a separate campaign against Hindus . and caste - हिंदुओं .
On the day that Gandhiji was to begin his fast he wrote in a letter to Tagore at 3 in the morning : My beloved Gurudev is on Tuesday today .
I will enter the fiery gate at noon .
I pray for your blessings for that effort .
By the end of the year the two novels were published in the name of बहनें बोन Bone ( बहनें ) and the गद्य ( बहनें ) and the prose play ( बहनें ) .
It was indeed a fruitful year in literary activity despite the many distractions of public engagements and political happenings.
बोन बोन is a short novel ; its environment is primarily psychological and has been written with a triangular shape in shape with the love of one of the two sisters .
It seems the author is trying to show that a man seeks in woman both mother and beloved .
What happens to a woman who can find both of them together is really lucky .
But human nature and society are such that generally men cannot get together and at the whole love is left incomplete .
A heart that is alive cannot escape निराशा .
The situation in this novel is further complicated by the two rivals being sisters both of them equally admirable each in her fashion.
The author has tried to face boldly the psychological dilemma caused by a conflict of loyalties loyalty to married love and loyalty to love free and without भावुक or moral education .
? is shorter in length but more dramatic in conditions .
The novel is mostly in dialogue and one wonders why the author did not write it as a play .
The story is almost similar to that of the स्त्री Bone ( बोन ) ; two women and a male पुरुष though the rival here is not the wife ' s sister but the husband' s cousin.
The psychological interest of the novel is however of a different nature .
पति was happily married to a माली who was passionately devoted to his nursery garden.
She grew to laugh at her husband ' s love in the usual feminine way and was able to love him for all his love .
The husband is also very much interested in her and the bond of her brother - in - law becomes the cause of jealousy .
She was glad that her heart was generous .
But the बिस्तर were jealous and after ten years of भोगने happiness she suddenly became a bed - ridden invalid With no hope of sharing her husband in the garden .
Or from a window near his bed she could only see from her past happiness .
This consolation poor enough turned into a source of bitterness when her husband sent for his young cousin Sarala to help in the garden.
This is all the more unfortunate because this kind of unscientific view of phenomenon is too readily accepted by many of our countrymen . "
In spite of all this in the English weekly Harijan he wrote while विश्वास his faith : " This earthquake is not a result of अंधविश्वास of God or any blind belief .
We shall find nothing of God ' s laws but of their actions . "
Jawaharlal Nehru ' s comment on this topic is worth जवाहरलाल " When I was walking about in the earthquake areas or just before going there I was surprised to read Gandhiji' s statement that the earthquake had come from the sin of untouchability .
He was ageing and was no longer able to travel as he wanted to .
More harassing than the problem of age was that of money .
The royalty from his Bengali books was meagre stock and the task of writing poetry was no good at all and the buying capacity of the very limited reading class .
By 1934 Tagore had become in the west more a memory than a living voice and his रायल्टी had considerably रायल्टी .
The Postmaster had nothing to do and often when he calls the tedium of the long summer evenings he would call the girl and engage her in conversation while he puffed at his हुक्के .
One day the Postmaster took to bed with a severe bout of disease .
She used to take up the little daughter in the night to serve her and was healthy .
This man who was truly called the painter of life now looked upon as a brilliant teacher now यात्राओं TAGORE: A LIFE with other aspects of these travels grew in the hearts of the neglected people of India ' s culture .
The first of these cultural tours apart from the earlier one to Bombay was in Ceylon for which charming island Tagore had always had a warm corner in his mind .
It was during this visit that during his stay in Ceylon that he completed what was his last novel .
Its brief play was also quite successful on the stage and in this powerful novel he put forward his old subject again to another perspective on human values and political ideals .
This was based on a secret revolution of Bengal and in the backdrop of heroism and terrorism the frustration of love and the gradual deterioration of human values .
The author after analysing the aims of political heroism which is generally accepted and recreated such serious psychological insight into this tragic novel which is bitterly interpreted by the author.
During the five years from 1932 to 1936 Tagore undertook many tours in the country and travelled beyond the country to Persia ; he also wrote seven books of his poems one श्यामा श्यामा and the other five कविताओं श्यामा श्यामा .
Except for the देश country which was based on a story he had written earlier the theme of the four other plays was drawn from the ancient Hindu and Buddhist legends which he had earlier retold in verse .
Rabindranath from his earlier stories put him in touch with music and पहनाया dress but with dramatic excitement and full of moral and psychological relevance .
The three main features of these poems are the repetition of the स्मृतियों poetry with the help of a progressive outlook and a बीच attempt to look back upon the long path it may be a rigid record - division of Bengali prose with its motto of बंग्ला बंग्ला बंग्ला .
As a matter of fact when he was writing these prose - poems he was at the same time writing as old but more or less पारंपरिक verses and songs of pure traditional manner .
Though he had been constantly searching for new forms through his earlier customs he had never given up his natural character : Nature ' s love of life in this earth a bridge of love and love of life in the mystery of that strange beauty .
It is this love which from time to time appeared अलौकिक familiar with all the forms of nature his innate nobility of thoughts his गोद of love his universal love of humanity his love of the world and his passion for all those around him .
This love is a recurrent theme in all his writings spread over a period of more than six decades .
The last decade of his life saw the earth in a revolutionary way ; the earth had completely changed its complexion from the earth ; Rabindranath ' s love of the former was becoming frightened or संकुचित .
I have loved this earth .
Between hunger and thirst I have tasted its nectar .
In its dust I have discovered the true significance of my life my deliverance between लांछितों and धूल . "
This is not true of his faith like a socialist but it seems as if he had found a thing in heaven he had fallen into dust on this earth .
This wisdom such at it came to him through sorrow.
There is such utter darkness in the profound cave of human existence as he said ; only the light of it can be seen with the torch of grief .
This knowledge he derived from his heart and not from the mind nor from the science of philosophy .
It was for this reason that he was totally free from all religious beliefs and practices and was faithful only to the endless love of this earth and the things that grew upon him as he himself said that he was pleased to do nothing .
" In the sun - shade outside this window my consciousness is निमग्न I do not wish ; no शोक no शोक no शोक no sorrow till he merges into the great ocean where death awaits him .
His humanism came to him more directly and with greater हृदय from his heart than from the subtle speculations in the Upanishads or from the Vaishnav lyrical mysticism or from the liberal humanism of western philosophy .
In one of his poems called Postscript he has described an anecdote which well illustrates his characteristic feeling and feeling .
ब्राह्मण was a learned Brahmin scholar who had great reputation of learning and science .
The voice said , who was my own on this earth and always my childhood colleagues was not able to see him in this room . "
I asked him Is he nowhere ?
There ' s a faint whisper " he ' s where I ' m .
Many of the poems in these two volumes are exceedingly beautiful and in them Tagore ' s power of expression is at its best .
For them God has nothing to do with him if he does not look upon the sun and in the minds of the untouchables and is not free from all shackles .
For him the primal mystery of creation is in the का of light and its final mystery in the nectar of love .
This form was his oldest love and he लौटकर to it again and again whatever his experiments and explorations of other modes.
Some of the poems are very beautiful and as usual provide a variety of themes and ideas .
They look back to the long panorama of their past from which they had lived so far ; although they know that those who had left behind would not forget to forget the mysteries of life which they felt and yet to understand the mysteries of life .
Only he can console himself and this is not the same and yet ; so there is no burden .
One should live without it and have a meaning in it . "
But there is a real passion of grief in one poem addressed to दुख .
It was dated 6 August 1932 .
The poet ' s only surviving daughter was in Germany by the death - bed of her only son who died the following day .
Unable to travel about freely the poet took to changing his dwelling place from house to house .
He now felt that he must live in a mud house and must be made a mud house which he was living at that time .
An अभिभूत writer has unwittingly cast into a picture of a black bird महिला in the shape of a damsel उडान by a vision of the picture of the clouds and lightning in the month of श्रावण behind her impulsive wings fly of women and bird - like black .
It was not only because the masses wanted to see them acting but also because they liked to act .
It was a great success in Calcutta and after that the poet took the drama troupe to northern India .
He could get more popularity than money in big cities and thus he reached Delhi in the rest of the month of March .
At that time Gandhi was in Delhi and he was very sorry to see that the poet had to undergo so hard journeys to collect money for his university with his old body in order to collect money for his University ; he sent his countrymen at once .
Mahatma Gandhi wrote : " Now you will relieve your countrymen by announcing cancellation of the rest of your travel . "
He was overwhelmed by the deep emotion of gratitude and daring to reckon with the enthusiasm of his Mandali and the thrill of his leisure activities in the country as they were or were humble enough to hear .
The visit to Delhi was as memorable as Gandhi ' s generous and impatient for his health as it was with the अनुदार स्वास्थ्य सरकार of the British Government .
How अनुदार the imperial bureaucracy could be was demonstrated when the Delhi Municipality ' s proposal to give a civic reception to Tagore was cancelled by the government .
Returning from Delhi Tagore did not sit back and relax as the Mahatma would have wished .
He attended public meetings of the common people of Calcutta though it was more difficult than watching his own plays .
On October 2 the poet by a special prayer at Santiniketan paid his mark on Mahatma Gandhi ' s birthday which was followed by the presentation of a new song - drama called Shyama - कलकत्ता which was the other name of her नायिका .
As before the poet also appeared on the stage .
Syama saves her by persuading one of his own admirers to sacrifice himself of the world of death without sacrifice himself to the pangs of love .
The परदेसी foreigner gladly turns Syama ' s lover but when he comes to know of her inhuman manner by which she was ashamed and disgust he left her .
The moral law working through him brings the दंडस्वरूप the inevitable retribution to the unfortunate Syama so devoted to her lover so guilty to humanity .
And for the first time that the lecture was delivered in Bengali and not in English .
Tagore used the occasion for a magnificent plea for the use of the mother tongue as the medium of education .
This was followed by two other important lectures : one in Bengali संत and the other at the birth of the Indian saint Ramakrishna परमहंस the religious centre of Calcutta during his stay in Santiniketan - the धर्म of the धर्म भवन .
Tagore had no academic education in science or in any other field .
Though it is not a description of any of the original research in physics the results of the modern researches in the physical sciences have been clearly described and effectively and व्याख्या - it is beneficial to the Bengali reader .
After his return from कलकत्ता in Calcutta he addressed a public meeting in protest against the राजनैतिक at a hunger strike in the Andamans .
In September 1937 he composed and directed the production of Varsha Mangal a song - and - dance sequel celebrating the rainy season which was staged in Calcutta .
He loved nature in all its moods and every Season of the year including the tropical summer with its extreme heat and terrific dust - storms had been celebrated by him in poems and songs .
The very first jingle he had learnt as a child in Bengali was the बंग्ला पाता .
The verbal jingle as well as nature ' s jingle as the rain की and the leaf थी had never ceased to delight him .
The autumn with its clear rain - washed sky and stray clouds floating uselessly was also a season very dear to him .
But in the autumn of 1937 it was a inauspicious event in store for him .
On the evening of 10 September when he was sitting in his usual chair the गए suddenly lost .
There was no warning of an impending ailment and no diagnosis of the बीमारी condition which persisted for about घंटों hours could be had until a team of doctors arrived from Calcutta .
There was no telephone at Santiniketan in those days and it took time to send medical aid to Calcutta .
Meanwhile the unconscious poet जूझ between life and death .
Fortunately he recovered his consciousness and was gradually restored to normal life .
There was neither a fear nor a disturbance in the pre - अपहृत and अपहृत mood but his own consciousness had already been diminished in the area of the conscious or unconscious .
He always responded warmly to feminine solicitude and care and both at Kalimpong where his daughter - in - law looked after him and stayed at Mungpoo .
His Mungpoo hostess has recorded with almost बोस्वेलियन fidelity his conversations and with the other members of his home and her light - hearted humour and her character and her घर - जवाबी which was a charming and unfailing humour and a hearty answer .
Tagore was provoked to reply : " You are thinking of an Asia that would arise on a tower of एशिया .
As you said " I too believe in Asia ' s message but I have never dreamed that this यूरोप would be lowered by those evil who created a stir in the यूरोप of Asia for its broken divisions .
It was such a dreadful experience before and after his death in 1937 that what was published during this period that some of his heart ' s blood - he painted with laughter and wonderful scenes and laughter .
A series of such works were published in 1937 : कविताएं i . e . कविताएं A . कविताएं कविताएं in metre and a book in which there were stories and tales were all published in a year .
And most of them loved to बकबक the love of young girls of a day - long family with a बच्चों and imaginative mind in which Tagore was full of playful and mischievous poems for children and for them wrote odd poems .
" One night I dreamt a strange dream : बीनू was calling me उठो उठो up and see what is happening . "
" I sat up and saw Calcutta advancing on the road and was pushing through a thousand रोशनियां and रोशनियां and pushed one another .
The brick - built houses marched ahead like इमारतें while the doors and windows banged and opening .
The shops and markets डूबे up and down roofs hit one another on the head like a drunken शराबी .
The Howrah bridge crawled like a giant scorpion and Harrison Road पीछे behind.
The Monument था as if a mad elephant was waving its trunk in the air .
Not much was left of the old familiar joy living.
Many of his poems are thus reminiscent but they are free of morbidity or self - pity .
In the month of Chaitra when the mango trees begin to bear fruit they are चाय their tea in the morning .
He sees three unripe mangoes fall on the ground and his mind flies back to the days of his boyhood when unripe mangoes were the golden key that opened the door to the secret chamber of मस्ती joy. "
They would sit under the trees waiting for a strong gust of wind so that some of the raw mangoes fell down .
The first time he took them to her she said " Who asked you to bring it ?
One day while picking them he was stung by a bee .
A few modern intellectuals like the Bengali critics have observed in the poet that they are too tender even at this age some of the बंगाली and intellectuals a surprise that even the poet is so delightful in age .
But even in these भावदशा the poet was भोग aloof from his विद्वान role of the prophet - and the scholar to engage the direct तूफान of audio and visual तूफान he could not restrain himself from तूफान in dreams .
This mockery he brings out in a dramatic and startling fashion in a poem he wrote in Kalimpong in the summer of 1940 .
The pleasant breeze of the evening is beginning a भूसे stuffed with grass and grass a lonely field where the young calf is walking behind .
The First World War of 1914 had given him great restlessness and pain which at once inspired him to read the lessons of peace at the 1914 .
The year 1940 began को as well as अमंगल .
In his formal recognition Tagore held a ceremonial reception at आम्रकुंज - भिक्षुक ' s colourful Bagh and paid homage to a man who was once described as " a great soul " in ritual dress " .
Sir Maurice विश्वविद्यालय then Chief Justice of India Dr Radhakrishnan and Mr Justice कलकत्ता of the Calcutta High Court represented the Oxford University .
" The University " I represent said Sir Maurice स्वयं has in honouring you done honour to yourself . "
Twenty - eight years earlier the same University had declined to recognise the Indian poet .
स्टैंजवेज wanted Oxford or Cambridge to give Tagore an honorary title .
Lord Curzon when consulted said that there were more distinguished men in India than Tagore.
I wonder who they may be I regretted that England had left it to a foreign country to make the first emphatic acknowledgement of his contribution to literature . "
Before the year ended three short stories in his last career were published under the title संगी संगी संगी संगी three मित्र .
These stories are quite different from the previous stories of the Sunday ' , ' and the Laboratory .
Tagore like रवीन्द्रनाथ could never be satisfied if it were static or गतिहीन .
He knows that man can draw nectar from the crucible of sorrow. To each moment he brings endless value from his पीडा will.
As the poet recovered his usual liveliness of mind and his delight in the. little trivial sights and sounds .
The list of them as they were called by them on the morning of 11 November was full of लिखवा Sukumar and से This poem was written by a little गऋरैया and moved the गीली one by its गीली पूंछ and गीली its flat tail से .
I only know which key to this moment is experienced - whether the music is डूबी in its beat विषाद or in the buried विषाद or in the sad विषाद " It is only a mantra or a slow आरोह .
Fortunately for him he was not a philosopher and knew only how and how he managed to laugh away without the music of his community .
Indeed he was even more dissatisfied with why no music had appeared in his ears .
Poetry - Part I was his first love and whatever his dates with other थे were coming towards it with great ecstasy .
' The joy of writing one poem ' as he said in May 1892 was far more perfect than writing the heavy prose work : " If I could write one poem in a day . "
During the seven years from 1894 to 1900 he published many important volumes of poetry besides drama short stories and many other prose works .
The first of such volumes of poetry is Sonar नाव ( Golden Boat ) which is the title of the first poem in this collection .
On a rainy day when clouds thunder in the sky the poet is sitting desolate on the edge of his field ओर the river .
The golden boat approaches है and he dimly recognises the figure at the पतवार .
In this literature it is mentioned that with respect these stones were raised as memorials to the deceased which is also called as मृतक the culture had begun in the first half of Christ and is more ancient .
THE छतविहीन TEMPLES The worship of trees as the abode of spirits and gods was once very popular .
Many kinds of trees came to this category such as the AI बरगद ( fig tree ) पीपल ( the pipal ) जामुन जामुन जामुन जामुन जामुन जामुन जामुन जामुन जामुन जामुन जामुन जामुन जामुन जामुन जामुन जामुन ( जामुन ) नीम and so on .
The Kadamba tree is said to be the abode of शिव ( Kartikeya ) and the AI banyan that of Shiva .
It may be cited as an example of a tree - temple or a tree - temple not of course Buddhist tradition .
In the latter work there is a reference to the temple of पोदिमनरम् a temple of बौद्धों - बौद्धों known as बौद्धों in Buddhist literature .
All these सज्जा were necessary for the safety of brick and at the same time gave stability to the stupa because they had to bear substantial weight and were exposed to natural stresses .
These independent stupas and maha - chaityas contained अवशेषों बुद्ध preserving fragmentary portions of the relics of the Buddha and other great predecessors .
In the earlier stupas at स्तूपों . . and के the आयक platforms were well decorated and their upper layer was not covered with a large variety of sculpture on the rest of the cylindrical stupa .
It was also perhaps because the भक्त extensions served as वेदी on which the devotees planted fruit flowers and sunshine .
Even as in the case of other stupas they were re - established at other places the craftsmen paid special attention to these आयक platforms .
These slabs were परिधि with परिधि placed at intervals over the outer circumference with a running moulded coping on top.
As the last decoration of these stupas the सज्जा or के के of the underlying शिलापट्टों were reversed and their flat surfaces were पलटकर with new decoration .
The large maha - chaitya of Nagarjunakonda built early in नागार्जुनकोंडा times belongs to the class of अनावृत्त stupas .
Its brickwork has been mostly plastered over and the अंड is decorated by an immense garland ornament in गचकारी .
But the stupa was stupa in solid and the stupa had a central column with eight radial walls meeting a peripheral circular wall thus producing the appearance of a cart - wheel with the middle - section गाडऋई and नेमि .
It was probably also an outer circular enclosure .
The आयक platforms are most common in the stupas of this area but they are not noticed in the stupas at आयक and के while they are found at one of the other at the rock - cut stupa at स्तूप .
Likewise in the case of the Buddhist stupas on the east coast lying between Nagarjunakonda and Amaravati on one side and आयक on the other stupas like those at अमरावती have the स्तूपों platforms on one side .
It may be noted in this context that while the Amaravati stupa revealed below its levels urn - नागार्जुनकोंडा the site of Nagarjunakonda has shown the prevalence of the stupas with almost contemporaneous पत्थर monuments.
These stone pieces were built में a hero a warrior a warrior a king sometimes even in memory of the common man .
Women who आत्मदाह themselves on the death of their husbands at a time when the cult of chastity and faithfulness was spreading fast were given memorials in the nature of sati stones later called प्रस्तर or प्रस्तर stones .
Beyond the fourth century it has also been found in places like the Kannada country in Tamil country and its vogue was common in Kannada literature .
This instance of hypaethral temple is represented by a similar ancient construction on the धरती peak in the Coimbatore district with a छतविहीन or trident in its front and surrounded by a small mass of stone called स्तंभ
The epic महाकाव्य speaks of temples built of brick - and had huge entrances or गोपुर .
In the far south of Tamil Nadu as is evident from its literature so were various gods residing in different regions : mountain - plains meadows the घास river valley - देवता and the देवता of the तथा and other देवताओं .
They were called सियोन . . . . or था .
This also coincided with the extent of the political map of the Mauryas with the extreme south beyond the limits of the Mauryas with their well - developed language and culture on the south .
The earth which is the mother of all life is on an ocean ; this is the first or early पृथ्वी of the world from which this world originates in this lap मानस the dream of all मानस and the childhood of all Beauty .
Another lovely and moving poem of this collection is the title of which I will not let you go . "
But the little daughter sits calmly on the threshold and says as he is about to leave " I will not let you go . "
These simple words breaking out of the infant ' s heart suggest only the perennial pathos and pain of the poet .
Everything goes and amid this unceasing flux of life and nature the eternal cry बीच “I will not let you go . "
Much as these poems glow with passion it is passion suffused with thought and subdued by thought .
From that point the shadow of discussion gradually spreads over his poems and as this passion or passion becomes stronger the thought becomes more powerful and effective .
The next volume of verse का followed by Sonar तरी was published in 1896 under the title Chitra which was published in English under the name in English .
Many of his readers believe that this volume is the finest fruition of Tagore ' s poetical talent .
The cornice moulding kapota and the किनारों - like griva as well as the blunted ridge of the sikhara shows a backward slope.
The के temple now has a त्रिविक्रम image which reveals some more phases of its evolution .
This pattern is called शिल्प in Indian Silpa .
In view of these considerations the sikhara of these temples and the प्रतीकों of नकुल the शिखरों Temple and the नकुल - Sahadeva Temple in नकुल are very similar to those of the में .
In the beginning of the early rock architecture rock architecture - LRB - शैल - RRB - where in another object wood and timber works were being used ; on the one hand and at that time during the reign of अशोक Ashoka a temple was being cut off and a few other religious places .
Both the modes are found developed in the later cave - temples of the Chalukyas Pallavas Pandyas and other contemporary dynasties of the Deccan .
The rock architecture of Ellora ( all 12 excavations ) at the southern tip of the Hill illustrates the excavations of Aurangabad where the series rises to the गुफाएं of the three centuries - old Buddhist caves which in general belong to the west India .
Caves 4 and from 6 to 10 are of the seventh century .
Cave 11 and 12 are unique and belong to the seventh century .
On the contrary the number of early cave - temples is very simple and probably carved out in mere use .
The shrine of Cave 2 has two lateral cells with an ante - chamber .
There are monastic cells on the lateral walls of the mandapa of Cave 3 .
Cave 4 is two - है .
The groundfloor consists of a hall an ante - chamber and a shrine behind with additional cells on either side of the shrine and on the lateral walls of the hall .
Cave 8 has a large hall with three monk - cells on the north wall .
On the northern wall of the circumambulatory passage there is a halls .
Cave 6 as usual has a verandah and a hall behind which is a hall with a lateral hall on the south with six cells .
The central shrine at the end of the पूजागृह is flanked by . whose shrine has a कपाटों frame - work and is clear that it is the main sanctum .
Cave 9 strictly speaking is a long hall or mandapa with a prominent sculptured गुफा poor imitation of Cave 10 .
Cave 10 ( विश्वकर्मा ) is a large chaitya similar to those at Ajanta with pillars and aisles and balconies in front of the arch entrance .
The apse consists of a stupa with a bas - relief of the seated Buddha cut into it and indicating that the stupa form was circular स्तूप with the deity inside .
The drum of the stupa has twelve panels with small Buddha sculptures on 10 .
The arch on the facade is very beautiful and are completely different from those in Ajanta and other places .
Its three - चाय tea मेहराब or मेहराब and the आमलक as also the समकालीन and the ब्राह्मण recall similar motifs in the contemporary and north Indian Brahmanical temples .
Cave 11 and 12 are of the seventh century and they are respectively known as ' two - storeyed ' and ' three - storeyed ' ; these caves are the largest of the group ' structures in which original are in their plan and गुफाएं .
A similar rock cave - structure has just been at शैल in the recent excavations at कृष्णा near the southern edge of the Krishna river .
Since then the practice and tradition had been totally given up or forgotten and not attempted in that long interval of rime and space .
The inscription states " : " It was built by king . " without brick - and - timber काष्ठ आवास and आवास " the residence of the " आवास " for Brahma ईश्वर and Vishnu .
What was even more significant was that it was a departure from the process known till then of excavation into deliberately chosen soft rocks .
He was further excavated by him into the hard rocks of the south .
They are all of a simpler design and less ambitious in size because of the hardness of the new rock material of hitherto unknown potentialities that involved greater labour invention of new tools and skills in cutting and longer time to complete.
Thus one may say that the Chalukyas and the Pallavas inaugurated two parallel traditions in the south .
उ उ
The faces of the square sections of the pillars are adorned with large circular lotus हैं often inscribed inside a square section .
Where there are no inner pillars the differentiation was indicated by the varying floor - levels or ceiling ( ceiling ) .
A flight of about three steps cut from the floor of the mandapa leads to the entrance of the simple shrine which is a little projected in the mandapa .
The shrine often shows a moulded pedestal or adhishthana and the wall pilasters are दीवार at their two front corners by four - sided flat pilasters with two more in between each of the inner pairs flanking the shrine entrance .
The door - frame if distinct is again the door - frame .
The pilasters carry in some cases distinct capital mouldings and corbels or पोतिकाएं on top.
The kapota is adorned by semi - circular kudu ornaments with a flat shovel - shaped finial on its top .
The shrine doors are generally guarded by relief sculptures of two armed dvarapalas .
They do not in fact have any appropriate sculpture of the deity in पूज्य देवर्ताशिव Vishnu or other places whom the temple according to the inscription is dedicated .
Often there are traces of lime plaster with a painting over it on the hind wall indicating that the object of worship was a mural painting of the deity .
Sometimes there is a slight elevation of a pedestal cut at the base of the hind wall indicating that the deity was done in stucco or lime mortar and painted or was a wooden panel with a carving set into a sunk chase on the wall.
These Mahendra temples are noted also for the absence of other kinds of sculpture even in the मंडप mandapa part apart from the reliefs of the dvarapalas.
In the case of the Vishnu cave at गर्भ and the cave - temple at गुफा there are dvarapalas neither on the flanks of mandapa facade nor on the flanks of the sanctum .
The dvarapalas either face full - front or are in semi - profile or half - turned towards the shrine entrance and stand resting on a massive club लिपटा by a serpent.
In Siyamangalam the two outer द्वारपाल are however depicted as warriors inside separate niches at either end of the mandapa facade while the two flanking the shrine entrance are of the usual form .
The Tiruchirapalli upper rock - cut cave - temple of गंगाधर is unique in that it has a large group sculpture forming a panel on the western wall of the mandapa directly opposite the shrine and depicting Siva as गंगाधर .
Its rear wall has two वेदी on either side of the projected shrine entrance carrying panels of Gajalakshmi and Durga .
The manner in which the boar - head of Bhu - Varaha merges at the neck imperceptibly with the human body is a masterpiece of art not equalled by similar representation in the Gupta and other idols .
The central shrine is now empty ; but perhaps occasionally there were painted or stucco representations of नरसिंह .
Almost identical but more artistic and graceful लालित्यपूर्ण of Gajalakshmi and Durga are reproduced in almost the same positions on the rear wall panels on either side of the projected shrine entrance in the और cave - temple .
Besides the front wall of the projected central shrine of the गुफा cave - temple has three niches on either side of the entrance containing other images .
The niches flanking the entrance contain dvarapalas.
The extreme ones on the north and south show a Nagaraja or चित्त in human form with the five - headed serpent - hood and a portrait sculpture in graceful मुद्रा posture .
The south and north walls of the mukha - mandapa contain large reliefs of standing Brahma and Siva as गंगाधर .
Similar panels on the southern and northern walls of the ardha - mandapa have almost life - size royal portrait groups of the Pallava kings विष्णु and Mahendra with their queens and पत्नियों and with label inscriptions over them indicating their identity.
The main sanctum contains a modern stucco form of Varaha गचकारी .
The temple is in use for worship while others are not in use .
The relief sculptures of Durga on the southern wall of the Ramanuja mandapam and of दुर्गा ( Durga ) on the northern wall were destroyed by later rulers who ruled over later times as well as by the Siva cave - temple facade with three originally .
The back wall of the central shrine retains traces of a Somaskanda group .
The Mahishamardini cave - temple consists of two highly illustrious and well - known Pallava sculptures on the two lateral walls of its mandapa namely the सेना mandapam on the north of the सेना - महिषासुर and his army as the सेना भित्तियों on the south wall.
The beauty painting painted in Durga with aesthetic grace and beauty ; in the शरीर the head of the buffalo and human body can be reconciled only to the fate of a वराह form that has been described above ; it is the degradation of the animal .
All these forms are thus represented in some of the basic forms of their respective origin and are thus represented in the south by the respective शस्त्रों or मानवीकरण शस्त्रों of the respective sculptures शस्त्रों of the Pallava or image Brahma the शस्त्रों and the गुफा on their own .
It is also reported that the Mahishamardini cave - temple was originally dedicated to Vishnu but later on in the same century Vishnu in the original forms on the rear wall of the temple perhaps carved in a colourful stucco panel .
The द्वारपाल standing on either side of the shrine ' s गर्भगृह in a peculiar manner are thought to be preceded by a reform in accordance with the शैव . ; while the original scheme consisted of the Vishnu - थे into the central cella .
The series of rock - bas - relief found in Mahabalipuram and the आसपास temple is not entirely like the गुफा mandapam but other structures of Rajasimha Pallava ( 700 ) also known as में - mandapa in north of Mahabali - गुफा .
On the basis of the पैरों the arched व्याल of stand on the hind legs are . by an arched है of वल्लरी known as Tiger Head by mistake .
To the south of the mandapa are carved the next parts of two elephants with हाथियों on the चट्टानी rock face the अश्व standing with a अश्व pillar in between and horse at the far south .
On the northern face of the rock is roughly carved out into a large squatting lion - front with a small square niche cut into in its bosom उत्कीर्णित a relief panel of Mahishamardini .
Evidently it served as a resting - place for the यात्रा idols or stone यात्रा in a यात्रा festival .
This even the name शिलालेखों from the inscriptions would संकेंत .
A smaller replica of the तट mandapam is found on the surf - beaten boulder to the south of the Shore temple in Mahabalipuram .
To the north of the temple is another larger rock called the Mahishamardini rock with a large lion face and Durga niche in its bosom.
In passing mention may be made of the celebrated two - faced bas - relief compositions of large group मूर्ति on the face of the massive rocks in Mahabalipuram .
They are Arjuna ' s penance and the हैं तपस्या .
Tell them to raise high their heads and stand united and assure them: “They whom you fear are more scared than you .
The heroic impulse वीरोचित itself in occasional वीरोचित and though he anticipated the Mahatma not only in his ideals but in his programme of work he could not be single - minded .
For in another poem he wrote a few days later : They are haunted by memories of the days lost on the sweet memories of the flowers of चंपा and चमेली .
" How sweet it was when she gave me those flowers with her hands . "
In another poem he regret that he could not achieve anything .
" The veena in my hand was the हाथ I had music in my mind ; who knew that the music would leave the centre and break the strings of the veena . "
In the comparatively fewer Vishnu cave - temples dedicated solely as such and in the Vishnu shrines of various other cave - temples the standing seated and more often reclining forms are met with .
The मुद्रा cave - temple in the lower cave - temple at Tiruchirapalli and the मुद्रा cave - temple containing the मुद्रा seated in the same मुद्रा cave - temple and the मुद्रा inscribed in the old मुद्रा cave - temple में in पूर्वी ; and पूर्वी .
While the actual स्वरांकन or remnants of them are to be seen in the first two cases they have disappeared in the rest .
The extant शैव indicate that the art of की ( तंत्रीयुक्त veena ) was propounded by some शैव and that the advantages of नरेश were carved out by a great Saiva or शैव king and a disciple of नरेश .
While the cave - temple at जिले is thus connected with the presence of the शिलालेखों inscription it contains a prince or व्यक्ति a prince of कोविल ( परिधि ) inside the shrine side by the entrance of the shrine as a gate - keeper .
What is more it is also found in the Siva cave - temple at वीर in the far southern Tirunelveli district and in the cave - temple at गुफा near केरल in Kerala .
This would also indicate the similarity of origin namely Pandya and a proximity of time .
The cave - temple at मंडप with a south - facing mandapa facade and an east - facing shrine inside on the western wall of the mandapa is celebrated for the remains of ancient भित्ति paintings of पांड्यकाल and भित्ति of समकालीन .
The Siva cave - temple at शिव was excavated by विदेल विदुगुमुत्तरैयार in the sixty - eighth year of the reign of the Pallava के .
The adjoining Vishnu cave - temple of a later date was also perhaps a Muttaraiyar excavation .
These are examples of typical cave - temple pattern with cell and front mandapas .
Such other cave - temples are at कन्याकुमारी . . . . . . . तुवरंगड्ड तुवरंगड्ड में में and भूतापंडी the last two at Kanyakumari near the कन्याकुमारी .
For example the लिंग cave - temple has a लिंग facade and only an entrance - hole on the same side while the समाज ( pilasters ) the recesses of the Chalukyan type have a double ring ( लिंग ) and the लिंग ones within the sanctum .
The dvarapalas are cut almost in the round - out of the side walls on the eastern and western sides a little behind the median east - west axial line .
The linga - pitha is often a structural addition though monolithic examples cut out of the same rock as the cave itself are also known .
We have square sockets on the floor into which the square - का lower part or लिंग of the linga is inserted and the pitha assembled round its exposed base as is found to be the case in the Pallava cave - temples a feature starting from about AD 700 .
In लिंग and लिंग the linga is an integral part of the cave and is rock - cut as in the Pandya - Muttaraiyar examples .
The placement of Hanuman as one of the two द्वारपाल in the cave - temple at गुफा recalls the similar feature found in the Pandya cave - temple at Madurai near पांड्य .
He स्वाभाविकता this form in Bengali and achieved amazing results with it .
As one may be seen in the case of आनिक Tagore selected the आनिक legend of प्रेम associated with the epic story of the Mahabharata but he transformed it into a nation - wide frame of scientific duality versus love of the caste .
आचार्य the के of अमरता knew the secret of immortality and had the capacity to lead the dead .
The gods were anxious to know about the mystery and sent Kacha the young son of their teacher .
Seeing the young and handsome Brahmin देवयानी ' s daughter Devayani falls in love with him and प्रेम her fond father to accept Kacha as his disciple .
Having completed his course of study and learnt the art of reviving the dead Kacha comes to Devayani to bid her farewell.
This is the starting point of this short drama which consists entirely the dialogue between the two .
“So you have attained ” says Devayani " what you had hardly hoped for long .
The knowledge coveted by the gods is now yours.
In most of the cases a stone image or symbol of the principal deity in the sanctum for worship in the sanctum sanctorum of the main deity is as usual as the early as the Pallava examples did not show up to the last quarter of the seventh century .
The sanctum had a stucco panel or painting or a stone sculpture as a bas - relief on the rear wall rather than on the floor at the centre .
In the earliest examples of the cave - temples the garbha - griha in बादामी as at Badami is relatively small and is enough for the pitha of the linga in the Siva cave - temples and the image in others .
The pitha in all cases is also rock - cut or monolithic and not set out separately and often the linga too is monolithic and of live rock .
The invariably square linga - pitha has a projecting spout on its top to drain off the जल water and a कुंड is cut into the rock floor below it to collect the water .
This is found again in the Pandyan cave - temples of the farthest south and not at all in the intervening Pallava cave - temples or in the cave - temples of the north .
As mentioned earlier the पाषाण on the floor of the sanctum are also found in the stone temples of the पाषाण Valley in far - off Java ( Indonesia ) .
The spout projects invariably northwards irrespective of the direction of the sanctum .
In cases where the sanctum itself faces north the alternate Agamic injunction that it was on the proper left is observed .
He saw that the whole sky was filled with dense clouds and he was lost in the memory of his earlier poet Kalidasa who composed his great verses some day which were separated by प्रेमियों ' s love for God .
Written in the ancient drama it was a new मेघदूत and it is clear that he had gained confidence in himself that he could claim his genius as रक्त with the greatest and talented poet in his country .
In Santiniketan too he wrote another magnificent poem called Ahalya the legendary victim of divine intrigue who had been turned into stone by the curses of her husband .
asks the poet : " How did you feel Ahalya when you lay locked in tears where Mother - earth dwells beneath this canopy and multi - coloured line ?
Did you share the vast dumb love the earth feels for her children the patience and pain of the silent humanity .
Did you share the sleepless vigil of the great mother तल्लीन at the noise and turbulence the चंचल and cries of her unruly children?
It is compact and has a terminal Nandi pavilion and contains a very rich grouping of sculptures of great प्रतिमा - graphic value .
The गुफा has numerous cave - temples ; the one group of them is Cave 21 as given .
Each unit consists of a mandapa with simple pillars and pilasters of square section with corbels of the Chalukyan type on the facade and the shrine chamber at the rear.
The rear wall of the shrine has relief of Mahesamurti .
In most cases there is a linga inserted into a monolithic circular pitha on the floor and in one case there is a rock - cut linga .
They may be placed just around AD 750 in the early years of the Rashtrakuta rule in Ellora .
The Mahesamurti reliefs here are quite different in treatment and finish from the celebrated one at Elephanta and unlike Elephanta they are placed on the wall behind the Rashtrakuta linga in the main temple .
The sculptures of Vishnu and Shiva were गढी carved out in the earlier Western Chalukyan caves as at Badami while in the later cave - temples they are almost प्थक .
The former type of caves show among the female deities सप्तमातृका Sarasvati Gajalakshmi and Parvati .
The later राष्ट्रकूट The Rashtrakuta caves show with अलंकरण of the राष्ट्रकूट - , of the राष्ट्रकूट . though only to a certain extent while the Western Chalukyan sculpture forms . with the structural मुद्रा and the emphasis on currency and expression in the Rashtrakuta phase .
The profusion of such didactic depictions क्षतिपूर्ति richly for the diminution of the aesthetic trends of the earlier phase.
While the Western Chalukyan linga - पीठ are mostly square the Rashtrakuta linga - गुफा as in Ellora Caves 15 and 16 and the और cave - temples are circular .
They are monolithic and form part of the live rock of the excavation .
The Chalukya - Rashtrakuta लिंग are of a different type .
It is only in the monolithic linga - pitha and linga of the Pandyan temples that we find the square लिंगपीठ circular and even octagonal linga - pitha .
Here memory broods and pines in the deserted nook of departed happiness .
Go and waste your precious time . "
It assures her that the happy memories of the days that had passed in the hermitage would always haunt her heart .
Both of them exchange their memories and makes Kacha quite aware of the fact that their intervention with which his father was ready to teach the son of his opponent otherwise he would never do so .
Kacha acknowledges the debt and with the gesture of her heart he loves her and recalls trying to ignore her teachings by neglecting her studies to win her .
After all what was it that made me take you away from your studies and induce me to fetch water in my flower beds and devour my pet deer .
Why do you sit on the grass beside me singing songs learnt in paradise while darkness hung over the edge of the river like eyelids drooping on indifference ?
If you were to know only why need you have फांस in your coils why you have फांस the so - called teenager .
Or was it all a well - planned strategy to win the grace of my father . "
As an alternative sufficient rock material was left ऊपर initially at the top to be finished into the stupi at the end of the work .
The विमानों विमानों of these विमानों vimanas that are all limited to विमानों seems to have worked for two generations after Mamalla i. e. 700 A. D. when the upper विमानों of these vimanas were carved in the धर्मराज and the धर्मराज ratha ones .
The earlier practice was to have painted stucco forms of the principal deity inside the temple .
Since the temple
Such a general understanding of the essential elements of the southern vimana temple would be necessary as the विमान of the temples that came into the sanctum would in addition to their most characteristic features but would not be practicable to their full - length विमान of the stupi and the विमान ' विमान ' विमान ' विमान ' stupi ' विमान ' विमान ' विमान ' विमान ' विमान ' विमान ' विमान ' विमान ' विमान ' विमान ' mostly from the stupi or विमान of the stupi or विमान ' विमान ' विमान ' विमान ' विमान
It is not the superstructure over the sanctum alone ; as is often assumed by many writers and in a few later works .
It often has a small vestibule in front .
The earliest examples of the southern temple were of the unitary type consisting of the vimana single or multi - storeyed with its ardha - mandapa surrounded by the enclosure wall .
Subsequently the परिसर came a stage when a simple maha - mandapa was added in front of the ardha - mandapa and was well integrated with the main parts the prakara and the whole complex was covered by a " enclosure wall .
The circular वेसर . or apsidal from base to top or has such a plan of conduct as the griva and sikhara is वेसर .
Though in general the नागर square or oblong plan constitutes a purely Nagara form but in many cases the upper griva and sikhara of the aditala or simple or नागर series can assume octagonal or circular shapes .
Likewise the oblong structure may carry the विमान griva and sikhara . which would make the vimana विमान of the वेसर class again .
Thus more than the shape of the basal parts or structure the griva sikhara components are really important in this type of classification .
The square hexagonal circular hexagonal or octagonal structure which has a sikhara that is domical and ends up in a single finial or stupi is called kuta vimana with kuta sikhara.
The oblong and सभा body structures with a wagon - top vault - like or inverted boat - like roof or sikhara with a row of stupis on top along the ridge are known as sala vimana or विमान or sabha forms.
Arch
It belongs to the " पंजर or " पंजर class .
The विमानों or series of miniature shrines on top of the talas of multi - storeyed vimanas are built in the shape of these three shrines the kuta sala ( or पंजर ) and panjara ( or पंजर ) .
They are placed on the corners and on the sides of the floors and are joined by a roof tops with less than the kuta panjara or पंजर arches surmounted by a roof - like roof - like मुंडेर with an arched projection called पार्श्विक - पार्श्विक .
Though the rudiments of the plan of the mandapa are to be seen in the rock - cut caves and in the remains from Nagarjunakonda their compositions were more pronounced in the stone and brick temples of the seventh century .
In the Chalukya - Rashtrakuta series in the Deccan and in those that took after them the mandapa is of two types .
In the first case the परिधीय is divided into the central part ( स्तंभों ) with the peripheral round of small and coarse pillars as in the case of the two broad pillars .
The four central pillars standing at the corners of a central class and the axial column or pilasters in a row at a equal distance build up all the eight sections ( नै ) of the central volume .
The addition of twenty more pillars at the inner row and at the outer quadrant will increase the number of bays to twenty - five and make the mandapa a larger section .
The Pallava - Pandya series of temples and what followed them in material artistic technique and tradition in the succeeding periods in the farther south elaborated the shape from the square to the oblong by emphasizing linear rows of taller pillars with wider diffusion .
All this resulted in such multi - pillared mandapas as the hundred - or thousand - pillared mandapas .
Till about the commencement of the eleventh century the gopuras or storeyed gateways piercing the protective prakara or enclosure wall characteristic of the southern temples were built comparatively smaller than the विमान vimana .
They are essentially oblong on plan transversely linear with the entrance running through at the middle and with a single simple or storeyed superstructure terminated by a sala sikhara with a row of शाला .
The विमान or system of storeys with hara components at each level is much akin to that of the oblong or विमान vimana .
Such pioneering work of making cut - out vimana temples was कार्य by Mamalla ( विमान - 630 - विमान ) and the विमान temple were taken to different degrees of perfection .
Before the coming into vogue by his successors उसके . II ( उत्तराधिकारियों ) and उत्तराधिकारियों ( 700 ) and also perhaps by राजसिंह ( 700 ) the edifice of structural temples was built in their earlier years by उत्तराधिकारियों - गए .
It would be useful to consider along with these the eight miniature bas - relief representations of vimanas found in the same place as also the full - scale example of the विमानों cave - temple facade since they taken together would illustrate various forms of the southern vimana .
Thus these stone replicas would afford a good starting point for the study of the south Indian temple architecture .
More so because these faithfully reproduce in stone not only the various forms in general but also the individual parts even to the minutest detail of बंधन fastening metal work and decorative design appropriate to the various forms of the brick - and - timber .
The miniature bas - relief miniature bas - relief sculptures found in the scene of Arjuna ' s penance in Mahabalipuram is an ekatala vimana with an ekatala vimana with the विमान of the griva विमान sikhara and stupi .
Being four - sided and square from base to finial it belongs to the Nagara class and is dedicated to Vishnu who is shown in relief as standing inside the cella .
The reproduction of the parts of the wooden original is quite apparent .
As in all the above cases the ham is extended over the mandapa .
The Dharmaraja ratha is three - storeyed square in its ग्रीवा and octagonal in the griva sikhara ; but all the three storeys are intended to be functional .
Thus the vimana is designed to have three superposed garbha - griha against the non - functional but symbolic upper talas in the other rathas and the subsequent structural examples .
In its execution a cellular mode of construction is adopted which consists of three concentric walled squares of increasing height rising one inside the other to the successive heights of the की thus leaving the बीच between them .
The outermost wall rising to the height of the aditala prastara is however present in sections only round the four corners ; the आदितल intervening open sides के each having two pillars and two pilasters all vyala - based .
The small mukha - mandapa on the west in front of the aditala carries a ham which in its composition includes for the first time the apsidal पंजर or पंजर along with the kutas and शालाओं .
The octagonal griva sikhara region has four projected nasikas on the four cardinal sides .
While the lower talas remain unfinished but for their exterior the topmost tala has a sanctum excavated into it that enshrines a सोमस्कंद form of Siva with Vishnu and Brahma in attendance carved on its rear wall .
The shrine at the rear two ends of the maha - mandapa is equipped with dvitala vimanas of kuta prakara with three doors the projected पश्चिम in the middle on the south the west and north with more raised शालाओं like the शालाओं to show the entrances .
The top of the mandapa is almost flat with a large multi - कमल lotus surrounding the base of the finial cut over its centre .
Behind the maha - mandapa and the antarala stands the main vimana . with a square adhishthana its shorter sides than the platforms below the adhishthana occupying the centre of the upa - pitha while five detached sub - shrines are cut at intervals over the edge of the platform .
The three smaller vimanas on the three cardinal sides of the upa - pitha are dvitala sala vimanas while the two at the rear corners are tritala kuta vimanas .
These five विमान all round the corners of the rear with two विमान dvitala kuta vimanas and Nandi temple all around the main vimana make the temple or परिवार of eight complementary deities all of them fully evolved in the structural temples of the far south .
The principal vimana is four - storeyed .
The आदितल tola of the superstructure over the aditala with sanctum is projected forward over the antarala ; with a gable - like projection called sukanasika a characteristic of the Chalukyan आदितल southern temples as well as of their northern prasada shrines .
Though the talas are square the griva and sikhara are octagonal making the vimana conform to the Dravida class of the mixed type of the vimana .
The stupi now missing was not part of the का monolithic .
The walls are plain the pilasters दीवारे the pilasters दीवारे shaped and devoid of vyala bases .
It contains a Somaskanda relief as the main deity on the wall behind the temple the Kailasanatha complex at Kanchi is a joint venture of राजसिंह and his son राजसिंह III .
The main vimana is the कैलासनाथ ( now called the Kailasanatha ) facing east and four is essentially a square structure like the griva and the sikhara are octagonal .
The aditala is double - walled and its moulded base is prominently offset on all the four sides and four corners as for the sanctum sanctorum of the outer wall of the aditala which is covered by the outer wall of the outer wall .
While the adhishthana stands square at the four corners and the dvitala vimana of the square ceremony with the four - sided kuta विमान all the smaller dvitala vimana on all the four sides being oblong and the south the विमान west and the उ
The corresponding one on the east is also oblong ; the sala superstructure has a passage through in place of a cella and functioning as the antarala passage to the main sanctum .
The kuta and sala के of the abutting shrines are cleverly incorporated into the hara scheme over the prastara of the outer wall of the aditala as in शाला .
The cells of these abutting vimanas in their ground storeys enshrine forms of Siva .
The shrines face west north and east as in the main sanctum .
The temple had to face bad times again till it became a protected monument and came to be used again .
Thus the खंड temple painted fragment mentioned earlier would be the earliest Pallava painting extant as found so far .
It consists of a four - storeyed main vimana dedicated to the topmost tala all the talas as enshrined in a garbha - griha to enshrine the three forms of Vishnu viz. विमान विमान विमान विमान विमान विमान विमान and विमान विमान .
The triple storey has been achieved by a system of three concentric walls forming three concentric squares one inside the other with ambulatory passages in between in the sandhara mode .
The aditala has thus its sanctum surrounded by two covered circumambulatory passages the outer one functioning as such while the inner one provides access to the second tala.
The open outer ambulatory of the second tala is surrounded by the parapet on top of the outermost wall formed by a hara of kutas salas and panjaras .
The innermost wall reaching to the top of the third - tier cella has likewise a hara of kutas and salas .
The fourth tala का which is a small bottom is closed on all sides and carries the octagonal griva and sikhara with a metal stupi on top with four lions originally - LRB - now replaced by garuda गचकारी in stucco - RRB - at its four corners .
The central bays of the aditala outer wall have small door - openings while the lateral ones have devakoshthas with figure sculpture the intermediate recesses having perforated chambers .
The bays and recesses of the upper tola outer walls have similar sculpture all the same .
The घिरा storey and the ardha - mandapa in front are surrounded by an open narrow circuit at the level of the base of the adhishthana .
It is surrounded by a dusty wall on all the pillars covered with a roof covered on a raised platform with a row of आदितल containing the ceiling on top of the आदितल containing the ceiling of the central buildings and a few on the ceiling which are दीवार
This arrangement when viewed from outside would simulate a pancha - tala appearance as in the case of the Shore temple described earlier .
The most interesting feature of the temple is that of the series of sculpture including those on the पल्लवों and ardha - mandapa in addition to many of the divine reliefs of the ardha - mandapa and contemporary records it again describes the Pallava history of the Chalukyan cave - temples .
The other temples of this period to be found in Kanchi though smaller in proportions are interesting for their architecture and science .
They are पत्थरों . . . . पत्थरों पत्थरों पत्थरों and बालुकाश्म temple . especially of sandstone but ग्रेनाइट of granite are built over the base and top of the adhishthana and the ग्रेनाइट of the upa - pitha .
The superstructure of the की is lost .
The Kailasanatha at कांची ( Tiruchirapalli district is a larger vimana in sandstone and is much like the Kailasanatha of Kanchi .
It is of the late eighth century and is an example of the provincial variety of the Pallava vimana .
But soon after during the reign of राज्यकाल second Pallava the temple at मध्य in the second half of the eighth century was cut off from the top of the entire granite stone blocks and पत्थरों as the case may be of earlier excavated rock - cut cave - temples of जिला .
The present three - storeyed structure built with bricks on the stone adhishthana of the पाषाण temple is characteristic of all its three talas as वराह the आगम or the आगम containing the three अच्युत the पश्चिम on the north and the लेटे on the other three पश्चिम .
These two temples and the temple built of large and fine - grained bricks ) in a stone adhishthana owing to the fact that the stone complex was being built instead of using brick - and - timber .
The ruined पत्थर - built temples at जिला ( district ) noted for their fine sculpture are examples of pure पत्थर architecture and art .
The structural experiments of the Chalukya - Rashtrakuta series the structural experiments of the early Chalukyas are found confined to their capital ) ( Badami ) the adjacent व्यापारिक and the mercantile cities of Aihole and पट्टदकल ( all in Bijapur district ) .
In all of them the native soft sandstone of fine grain and quality which could be easily used .
Before considering the famous and विमान forms of the temple of this series it would be good to consider briefly some of the cave - temples of the mandapa type designed as the earliest examples of this series with early temples and those of the early ones .
The two temples of the नंदी group are merely mandapas with closed walls and flat terrace - tops with an outer Nandi - mandapa of a small size in front .
The छत is a massive structure the छत rising definitely as a mandapa on a moulded adhishthana with four central pillars . steadily surrounded by two concentric panels of the pillars of lesser height over several concentric rows of pillars of lesser वृत्तों in between them .
The central bay at the rear end with a slopy roof is converted into a shrine chamber with a plinth and slab walls .
Over the central पाषाण has been constructed an upper cell of heavy slabs with flat roof.
The inscription of AD 634 may not relate to the stone structure of पाषाण as has come down to us at present but to an earlier structure perhaps of brickwork to which the inscribed stone प्रस्तर was attached or in front of .
For judging by the components of the adhishthana and the wall pilasters and their developed mouldings one can only attribute them on comparison with what obtains in other cases in Aihole पट्टदकल पट्टदकल and Badami to a date posterior to the first half the seventh century .
The same case is the case of the present महाकूटेश्वर temple the विमान विमान which is entirely a stone - built structure may belong to the date of the विमान pillar or more of the sitting vimana .
The present stone temple of a later date than the pillar could have replaced an earlier brick structure that had the inscribed pillar in front of it .
The roof of the temple at the central part was raised and there were slopy roofs all round the middle temple often as in the case of the छत temple at छतें .
Coming to the typical vimana temples of the Chalukyas of Badami we find that the earliest essays were confined to the outskirts of the capital Badami and adjoining महाकूटेश्वर .
The prastara bays on the outer wall as well as the adhishthana below have मध्य मध्य on each side with हैं मध्य on each side हैं carved in recesses on each side with a series of pilasters on top of the prastara .
The Mallikarjuna has a circular griva and sikhara over - वर्गाकार the square talas and is hence of the विमान order .
The Sangamesvara vimana which is tritala has a double - walled sandhara aditala with the outer wall extended forward to form the ardha - mandapa over the similarly extended adhishthana and widening beyond to form the closed maha - mandapa with four rows of five pillars each side .
In the middle of the northern side of the maha - mandapa is a large open - pillared hall with open pillars .
The exterior of the wall relieved and recessed alternately has a series of devakoshthas in the bays .
The prastara over the outer wall of the vimana and its forward mandapa wall extension carries a hara of karnakutas and salas corresponding to the relieved bays below .
The hara parts over them are पंजर panjara ( पंजर ) which is perhaps the first appearance of every third characteristic organ in the vimanas of the Chalukyas and their derivatives.
The second tala too is an upward projection of the inner wall of the aditala carries a hara of four karnakutas and four salas while the third tala has four salas only on the cardinal sides over the front of the nasika projections of the griva and sikhara .
The भीतरी ends of the inner wall of the aditala are turned out to be the narrow front entrance of the antarala - mandapa .
The agra - mandapa has four pillars set on the edge of the forward end of the adhishthana with a raised छत roof .
The aisles of the antarala are continuous with the inner बीच between the two walls round the shrine .
Its original dedication is uncertain .
The name Durga for the temple is misleading since it was evidently not dedicated to the deity .
If the incongruous superstructure of the northern prasada type is not original the sanctum might have been either flat - roofed or might have had an apsidal roof of the pattern of टेर and अर्धवृत्ताकार apsidal temples .
It is essentially a three - storeyed sandhara vimana square on plan from its nuclear to sikhara the two lower storeys being functional.
The kudu motifs on the cornice or kapota tier of the adhishthana have lost their original nasika shape and have become flat triangular reliefs precursors of the कुदु reliefs of the later Chalukyan and Hoysala temples .
Some of them relate to the dedication of metal images of various deities with details of their forms and appearances their measurements and भार .
Others describe the various ornaments with details of weights of gold and gems their variety and quality the manner of their setting the weight of lac and the strings used.
The measurements of lands endowed are given to the fraction of the unit .
All this is merely a testimony to the meticulous emperor in matters relating to his great temple .
All these are later additions to this complex the last one pertaining to the Nayaka period .
This imposing structure of the Cholas began at राजराजा and from the point of view of their earlier origin the construction of one of the other Chola structures was completed within twenty years and the same strategy was given the construction of the great Brihadisvara son .
The newly built capital के ( Tiruchirapalli district ) was selected for the place of this great temple after the title of the king signifying his conquests and successful expedition up to the Ganges .
The shrine has only two entrances a gopura ( now shattered ) which is east and a plain two - storeyed torana gate on the north .
However in the construction of a dam on the river nearby in the last century a large part of the stone prakara with its triple gate मालिका the मालिका the मालिका and the mandapas were replaced by the three vimanas with blown up the main vimana and the mandapas .
The vimana is of a lesser height and smaller size than its predecessor and model at Thanjavur but the sculpture on the wall niches bold and almost cut - out in the round is perhaps more perfect .
This temple is also a veritable museum of sculptures of varied iconography that include some fine dance नृत्य .
Of the coeval main gopuras the inner one in front and the rear ones are ruined on top and the taller outer - front gopura has the characteristic squat shape of the period .
The series of temples of this later Chola and late Pandya were broken by a short - lived Muslim invasion and then अंतर्गत under the Vijayanagar empire of विजयनगर the series consisted mostly of stone - - - - built stone vimanas with their तलों patterns of पत्थर .
For example वाराणसी is a पत्नी temple built by the Tamils for the consort of Lord विश्वेश्वर at Kashi Varanasi .
They were also built in the precincts of or adjoining to earlier built temples that originally did not possess them प्रागंण for example the Thanjavur Brihadisvara author .
Assigned a definite location in the complex it is a separate vimana with a sala sikhara dedicated to devi as the divine consort of the presiding deity in the main vimana receiving equal importance in the rituals of worship and in the festivities .
The temples built by or under the patronage of the Hoysalas in south Deccan and Mysore are of the very घनीभूत dense and fine - grained soft तंतुओं के or या which permits fine and minute carvings .
The temple unit in general consists of a vimana connected by another mandapa .
There are three main vimanas on the three sides of a common navaranga in a temple unit ; it is connected with the vimanas by the विमानों while the fourth side is the main entrance or विमान .
It is the same planning as a class should be rotated so that its corner or its points are way to represent the figure of a circle sixteen or thirty - two and more points touching it in a circular circumference .
This star - shaped external configuration is made to extend from the upa - pitha to the apex of the vimana superstructure .
Incidentally it provided a larger surface area for the होयसल prolific sculpture and carving for which the Hoysala temples are noted .
The superstructure is a scheme of close ham elements . essentially of kutas rising one behind the other ; each marking one storey the topmost one carrying a short griva and octagonal sikhara terminating in a stupi .
The middle of the front face of the upper talas is drawn forward into a sukanasika over the antarala below .
Of the many other temples built in the period in the Deccan nearly AD में is a set of similar vimana विमान dedicated to Siva the two dedicated vimanas stand on a common platform the connecting two विमान विमान .
Each unit consists of a vimana of a star - shaped plan with antarala and navaranga in front facing east .
Each navaranga has three projected entrances in a स्वस्तिक manner with the northern arm of the southern navaranga जुडती from the southern arm of the northern navaranga resulting in a common passage between the two .
The पशु of both the units are made up of elaborate animal or narrative friezes forming their respective tiers .
The walls of the vimana the inter - connecting विमान and the walls of the mandapas are covered externally with large sculptural reliefs of remarkable excellence .
The entrances of the मकर antarala and the shrine chamber are framed by elaborately carved over - doors with elegant makara torana . on top .
The upa - pitha platform provides a broad है open circumambulatory round both the units .
In front of the temple units there are at some distance two open - pillared Nandi - mandapas both asymmetrical and later additions the rear of the mandapa .
The Kesava temple सोमनाथ is a fine example of one of the latest in the series of Hoysala creation .
It was built in राजा by सोमनाथ a general of the Hoysala king .
It is a trikuta temple with three principal vimanas of equal magnitude facing north and south respectively opening into a larger and closed common mandapa on its north पश्चिम west and south sides .
This axial series is surrounded by an open court with a peripheral cloister of sixty - four shrines inside the prakara wall .
The shrines are ranged on the rear half of the cloister close to the prakara while the anterior half forms a continuous corridor with a pillared facade .
The अधिष्ठान of the adhishthana are exquisitely carved with friezes of men योद्धाओं warriors योद्धाओं elephants हंसों हंसों हंसों and हाथियों the topmost tier having a series of narrative panels depicting episodes from the Ramayana and the रामायण .
The wall niches have boldly moulded figure sculptures of gods and goddesses .
The pillars inside the mandapa are all finely lathe - turned with gracefully carved उत्कीर्ण .
The main temple of the group constructed in सन् stands on a high platform with a Nandi - mandapa in front of it .
It is enclosed by a massive wall .
The three sides of the square - plan vimana are primarily विमान into five bays each with a central one on each side further offset forward and constituting a three - tiered replica of the main vimana on a lesser scale .
off the shelf in other sections.
The griva too is abbreviated and less distinct and almost of the same width as the domical sikhara .
The entire superstructure is of brick .
घिरा a closed square antarala or ardha - mandapa connects the vimana with a large navaranga in front which is surrounded by a peripheral platform with an outer series of thirty - two pillars and a flight .
The most noteworthy feature is the array of brackets in the form of female figures ( नारी ) rising over the capitals of the pillars and नारी up the beams and the नारी .
Twelve of these are almost life - size figures of slender build and in graceful poses .
The rest are rearing vyalas their hind legs resting on elephant heads.
One such unit is in the पिल्लालमारी .
The single vimana units . of which the typical example is the great temple at Palampet show variations in विमान plan विमान rise and decoration .
Typically the vimana is connected by an antarala to a frontal mandapa with three additional entrances on its other side .
The mandapa after the navaranga pattern has four central pillars which are highly finished and are decorative lathe - turned with basal and top cubical sections on the shaft with their faces sculptured and an intervening polygonal belt .
The pillars of the great temple at Palampet are of black granite lathe - turned and highly polished while in the other cases they are of sandstone ( बालुकाश्म ) .
Similar shorter peripheral pillars over the वेदी of the mandapas as at मंडपों and Palampet often carry remarkable bracket - figures of पशुओं or Puranic animals .
The three entrance : the plan of the three - storeyed विमान antarala and mandapa are also met with in the great temple at Palampet in the great temple at Palampet and in some other shrines at पालमपेट the top of the tank at Palampet .
This historical ऐतिहासिक will help in the proper evaluation of the zeal and inspiration that the founders of Vijayanagar and their children
This could have helped the Vijayanagar craftsmen guilds even in their initial achievement which after the stagnation it had come through in the wake of the invasions and turbulence .
The default of the continuity of the vimana temple in hard stone was not so sharp in that region as the rigid stone - style was making the choice and character of the far - off south as soon in the reign of the Vijayanagar master Harihara .
The contemporary रथों of the most एकाश्मक was a list of workers listed in the inscription of में on the 7th century : धर्मराज ( धर्मराज ) ; a seat of धर्मराज ( धर्मराज ) and a पत्थर ( पत्थर ) with पानी ( a hard stone ) रथ .
Similarly the much improved design and execution of the Virupaksha temple built by the queen of Vikramaditya II ( कांचीपुरम ) was discovered the कैलासनाथ of the Kailasanatha temple which had since been made of direct imitation in the Pallava capital a few decades ago .
( A . N . 1966 ) A History of South India ) मद्रास Third Edition 1966 Madras 1966 1966 pages 1966 .
The opening of each gate has a flight of seven steps over the seat on the top of the adhishthana and an बगल - युगल of a bow - string standing near the other as in the Hoysala examples .
The eastern doorway forms the principal entrance .
On the right turn of the outer wall is a series of pilasters with full capitals and the बीच between the pairs of pilasters have niches of the देवकोष्ठ or torana types .
They enshrines a galaxy of over sixty sculptures or sculpture groups of varied iconography making the temple wall a veritable museum of iconography and sculpture .
This is an imitation in the hard stone of what the Hoysala predecessors could do in their पाषाण material .
Each of the six doorways is guarded by a pair of द्वारपालों dvarapalas two of the six द्वारपालों Saiva and two वैष्णव शाक्त while the remaining two are Sakta शाक्त which can be identified by their costumes and features .
The wall has the prastara on top with the usual prastara components but the difference is that the kapota or the या flexed cornice or eaves has a double है section instead of the one noticed in all the earlier युगों .
Moreover the भीतरी are the inner and the curved थे and the काष्ठ which is a imitation of the original wooden structure of the ancient कपोतों . projected with metal sheets over the थे frame and projected to work as an over the eaves .
This delicate imitation is to be seen in the विजयनगर of numerous Vijayanagar structures as for example in the famous kalyana - mandapa of the वरदराजा temple in Kanchipuram .
Another distinctive Vijayanagar innovation - LRB - which was to show the skills acquired by their craftsmen to work on hard stone - RRB - is the पाषाण of the stone - series के . cut at the corners of the same cornice or kapota over the eastern stone .
The inner wall of the rear apse encloses the sanctum or the garbha - griha है the principal लिंग linga with a narrow antarala in front .
On either side of the antarala and with door - openings facing east in line with that of the antarala are two cells one on each side .
In the southern hall Ganapati and Durga are placed in the north ' s panel as it had become a standard since the Chalukyan period .
The one on the south enshrines Brahma with his consort Sarasvati ; in the west Vishnu with his consort Lakshmi and the one on the north enshrines में or Brahma with his consort Uma .
Thus the grouping round the main sanctum forms the पंचायतन complex of five subsidiary shrines hugging close on the sanctum surrounded by the sanctum .
The three door - openings in the outer wall of the rear apse each come opposite the three affluent shrines of Brahma के Vishnu and Siva on the south west and north respectively .
The अंतराल front has two dvarapalas ; curiously enough one of them is Hanuman while the other is sage संत .
The maha - mandapa in front of the main vimana is of the Chalukyan navaranga pattern . and its four central pillars unlike the greyish granite stone of the rest of the entire structure polished black shining हैं though of square section and embellished with panels of sculpture and carvings.
The vimana superstructure of brick has a prominent sukanasika .
There is an Amman shrine vimana to its north also of the same category .
Its agra - mandapa of the Vijayanagar period is noted for its sculptured columns and contemporary ceiling paintings .
The most interesting painting is a panel depicting the sage राज a successor of Sankaracharya and संत of the Sringeri मठ being taken in a procession in a palanquin with royal honours and paraphernalia to the Virupaksha temple .
The ईंटों built of bricks is one of the largest Vijayanagar . in the largest Vijayanagar joint there is no sukanasika in the south .
They conform more to the पल्ल्व Chola traditions and form a continuing link with temples of the earlier age .
The After the fall of the central power as a result of the disastrous battle of वेल्लोर in 1564 and the विध्वंस of Vijayanagar city the capital of the वेल्लोर Empire was shifted in succession to वेल्लोर Chandragiri and finally to Vellore .
What may be reasonably considered to be the quintessence of later Vijayanagar architecture and sculptural art as evolved in the southern half of the Vijayanagar empire is the unique example of a moderate - sized temple in the large Ranganatha temple complex in Srirangam .
It may be considered to be the precursor of or the model for the exquisitely designed and आलंकारिक carved Subrahmanya temple unit of Nayaka times inside the enclosure of the Thanjavur Brihadisvara temple complex .
According to a report by the वैष्णव रानी ( A . R . E . 1937 ) on the basis of an inscription found elsewhere it is believed by some scholars that the वैष्णव temple was established at प्रभारी near कृष्ण temple at प्रभारी in charge of the Hoysala queen रानी .
It is located inside the fifth south prakara west of the utsava - mandapam called मंडपम - mandapa हैं - mandapa .
It has a dvitala vimana that the aditala is built of fine grained white granite surmounted by a brickwork superstructure ardha - mandapa maha - mandapa हैं and agra - mandapas preceding the vimana .
The recessed wall spaces carry fully formed kumbha panjara motifs in the vimana part while in similar situations on the mandapas they are elaborately carved में the so called भित्तिस्तंभ पंजर the so called भित्तिस्तंभ पंजर the so called स्फटिक panjara or पंजर पंजर भित्तिस्तंभ भित्तिस्तंभ .
It may perhaps be a Vijayanagar renovation of an earlier foundation during the Hoysala interregnum and not a standing Hoysala example as some scholars aver in the wake of the suggestion of होयसल .
In this type the भूमि are divided into plain भूमि short भूमि and recessed walls that divide the entire pyramidal superstructure into square tiers .
The top is crowned by a griva ग्रीवा stupi and stupi is usual in northern prasada cave - like प्रासादों .
The other structures inside the enclosure of the महाकूटेश्वर temple complex except the मल्लिकार्जुन and the Mallikarjuna which are southern vimana type and the Sangamesvara which is of the northern prasada type are variants of the Chalukya - Kadamba style .
Similar temples are to be found at नागार्जुनकोंडा near Nagarjunakonda .
This type became more common in the northern territories of the Vijayanagar empire as at Hampi .
Like the Draupadi ratha the Kerala temples in their simplest form have only four essential parts instead of the six विमान of the simple vimana namely the adhishthana or the adhishthana the भित्ति the stupi the , or अधिष्ठान nor the stupi .
The prastara and griva below the ultimate roof are eliminated.
The usual plan for the srikoyil or vimana is the square or the circle and the विमान .
The मंडपों for the mandapas and gopuras which are called मंडपों are the more common rectangular shape .
The roof side over the wall the छत forming a well - formed eaves - like kapota .
There is a double - walled or नाली drain on the larger vimanas with धड sandhara विमानों or ambulatory passages .
The circumambulatory has round the shrine chamber as the inner wall rising up to form the second tala and the stupi or के on top .
The circumambulatory has a roof at a lesser level which slopes down from the middle height of the inner wall and projects eaves - like over the top of the outer wall .
The roof or sikhara is of the कूटकागार or dome - shaped and the sides meet on the sikhara with a stupi or है with a line of छत . with wider gable ends .
- LRB - double - walled with an एकतल passage in between - RRB - ekatala structure of any plan has of necessity a शुकनासा as dictated by its very sandhara nature as also the double or triple - storeyed structure .
This विमान is due to the fact that the kapota tier of the tala prastara in a southern vimana .
In a rough - walled दीवार pattern the hara के or अवलंबनों takes place over the course of the exit because it is the case of the निकलने coming out of a convenient scale of the दीवार and the wall itself emerging from its own well - drained दीवार .
The actual water - proof covering is laid over the planks in the form of खंडजे - LRB - brass - RRB - or metal sheet of खंडजे .
The code is covered with ढलवां roof tops on top of the kuta sala panjara . while the roof tops receive high data on the inner wall and नारी at the top of the नारी above the top of the wall .
The inner wall rises up to the top carrying the four - sided domical ultimate roof or sikhara also of metal sheet with a stupi on top .
The sikhara roof has four nasikas or के at the middle of its four sides .
In between Rama and Siva shrines there is a third shrine dedicated to है or Harihara circular in plan and two - storeyed in its plan .
In the north . east and in the south there are large volumes of middle class sala types with a false door inside the makara arch .
The other bays correspond to the kuta and panjara norms - all the पंजर specimens - LRB - पंजर - RRB - are the sala sikhara motifs on the shorter and more closely set pairs of pilasters ) .
On the south of the देवियों temple are the Saptamatrika group the component deities being represented by a row of पद्म pedestal as the symbol of these integral goddesses which is the only line of सप्तमातृका of the Kerala temples .
There is a small गणपति temple between Siva and Harihara temple .
The shrines of Tamil Nadu have in the style with an open - pillared mandapa around the complex with pillars of stone and a ईटों gopura at the north of the gopura while the छत के with pent roof and पाषाण छत inserted in the छत style .
The srikoyil of the celebrated श्रीकोयिल temple dedicated to Krishna is square and two - storeyed with metal - sheet gable roofs as in the above two cases .
The roof tops of the upper roof have आगे beyond the wooden के profusely carved with four काठ nasikas projected from the छत side .
The छत temple is almost similar quadrangular on plan and double - walled with the roof in two storeys .
The lower pent roof slopes down on the top of the shorter outer wall and the upper pyramidal or kuta roof cap the top of the inner wall .
There is a सामने - mandapa in front with a slopy roof and projected gable at either end .
The छत temple near Kozhikode is again the same kind square the खपरैल square the double - walled and two - storeyed the roofs made of modern टाइलों ( खपरैल ) .
The Subrahmanya temple at सुब्रह्मण्य is another example of a two - storeyed structure of the गज class with a square से - mandapa and a transversely oblong mukha - mandapa in front all metal sheet - roofed and having a tiled खपरैल of a lesser height running all round .
The decayed temple at स्थित and the one at तिरूवन्नूर near Kozhikode are yet other examples of the same class .
The comparatively modern मलाबार temple at मलाबार in north Malabar also has its roof in three tiers the two lowest ones being छतें and खपरैल while the roof of the upper one sloping or खपरैल the छत and the ultimate apsidal roof are copper sheets .
The देसी or Durga temple at दुर्गा of ancient fame is now a total modern renovation of course in the indigenous style .
The stone - temple of the पाषाण much - noted structures in the southern - style vimanas in the same pattern as those of the adjoining पाषाण of Tamil Nadu . in the southern Travancore and Kanyakumari region ( later Chola or पाषाण ) .
king Akbar second son of शासक बहादुरशाह 1526 established by Abu बहादुरशाह Babar in 1526 by Mughal Empire .
After ascending the throne in 1837 he assumed the title of Abu Zafar Muhammad बहादुरशाह Bahadur Shah Ghazi .
Little is known about Abu . ' s childhood .
There is also a का of mystery about his birth .
He was taught the art of Urdu and Arabic and was well trained by the boys in a fit and well trained by the military arts of riding तलवारबाजी and guns .
He was a good निशानेबाज and an excellent निशानेबाज in the country .
He was a great poet Ibrahim खां Khan the great poet of his age who was a scholar of Sufi philosophy a Persian scholar इब्राहिम सुलेखन and Ghalib two of the greatest poets of his time were his teachers in poetry .
The गजलें which the निर्वासन wrote during his exile are preserved in literature most of their musical and emotional experiences .
He did not like alcohol or tobacco but he was fond of good food .
He married several times and had the usual complement of दासियों slave girls and दासियों .
His most favourite queen was Zeenat Mahal whom he married at the age of निर्वासन and who shared his last years in exile.
As a ruler man Bahadur Shah looked upon the British of India as his subjects owing allegiance to the Diwani of Bengal signed by his grandfather Shah Alam in 1765 .
The East India Company and the British Government however treated them as a pensioner entitled only to the nominal status of a pensioner on the walls of the Red Fort .
Bahadur Shah was 82 - years - old at the time of the uprising of 1857 .
At the end of September when the rebels fell to Delhi he escaped to the Humayun ' s tomb and later offered to be spared by the British .
The British accused him of sedition . conspiracy विद्रोह rebellion and murder .
The evidence produced in the case was mostly irrelevant and legal ; but Bahadur Shah was found guilty of all charges and exiled to exile .
His trial and conviction were clearly a travesty of justice and inspired by a feeling of revenge .
Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru in 1946 wrote in the introduction to a book on the trial of the I. N. A. trial " Eighty years ago another trial was held in this Red Fort of Delhi the trial of a great line.
The trial gave rise to a chapter in Indian history . "
Pandit Nehru was referring to the last ruler of the Imperial dynasty Bahadur Shah . .
So vividly has been written by historians and politicians in the time of the राजनीतिज्ञों Bahadur Shah and his case that it is difficult to create a clear picture of the legal issues involved in the trial .
There is no doubt that after the " freedom struggle of 1857 the British preferred to call it a mutiny or a rebellion the British had already become parties in the Indian subcontinent and were able to take all manner with Indians .
They could at any time be kings among the lower rungs of the country - LRB - kingdom - RRB - and could pick anyone up from the throne .
He was given an undignified seat near the President .
His loyal servant stood behind him and Bakht to his left .
He sat on the ground with a थे .
In the beginning he was very apprehensive and anxious about his face but gradually his face became विरक्त and he wore a dress of indifference " The position in the court proceedings की as it were .
इसलिए : Because he made a series of तोपखाना instead of discharging his duty under the British Government in India he declared himself कब्जा ' and षड्यंत्र ' षड्यंत्र ' मऋ ' मऋ ' मऋ ' in Delhi on 11 May 1857 and passed on .
He said that the court might hold a prisoner ; but he could not be convicted of a sentence of death ; as Lt. General Sir विलसन Wilson had promised to give him his life ' imprisonment before he was arrested and taken into custody .
The British Government wanted to crush freedom of speech and expression. Any organised attempt to overthrow British rule was to be suppressed निर्दयतापूर्वक .
To punish those who were खिलाफ against oppression and exploitation they took full liberty with the provisions of the Indian Penal Code ( Indian Penal Code ) and the Criminal Procedure Code ( राजद्रोह राजद्रोह Code ) .
Lord Curzon ' s partition of Bengal in 1905 led to violent protests in Bengal and all over the country .
हिंसक and non - violent means were adopted to register protest.
The death of two British women in Muzaffarpur - बिहार in Bihar was followed by ruthless repression on an unprecedented scale .
Innocent people were shot arrested jailed and tortured by the British authorities .
There were four such editorials : " The country ' s misfortune " the double blow that means " , the crisis " and that ' s not enough .
It is an interesting coincidence that it was the same Davar who as a barrister a decade earlier in August - January 1897 had appeared for Tilak .
In the meantime he had been elevated to the Bench and he ceased to be an advocate for a cause but a judge of the British court .
As Bacon has observed " When an advocate sits in a judge ' s place he is another man . "
Mr Justice Davar of 1908 was a man totally different to the barrister Davar who had defended Tilak in 1897 .
There was a general atmosphere of fear and panic .
Tilak could not employ a senior lawyer for his defence neither did he come forward to defend him .
After Tilak ' s arrest his lieutenant Kelkar found it difficult to get even the papers of the case printed in any of the Bombay presses who feared offending the British .
In such a situation Tilak had no alternative but to conduct his own case .
Six of the nine members of the special jury were Europeans . one Jewish and two परसी .
” And so you made an offence punishable under Section 124 - A of the Indian Penal Code and within the cognisance of the High Court .
" And so you made an offence punishable under Section 153 A of the Indian Penal Code and within the cognisance of the High Court . "
CASE नं ( 17 )
” And so you made an offence punishable under Section 124 - A of the Indian Penal Code and within the cognisance of the High Court .
” And so you made an offence punishable under Section 153 A of the Indian Penal Code and within the cognisance of the High Court .
I wanted to bring the matter to His हिज ' s notice but I thought it was a small matter .
Gentlemen of the jury you will have to leave all that out of the case .
I know there are certain prejudices against me .
I request you to keep aside those prejudices.
One of the reasons why I decided to defend myself was that you had the opportunity of knowing me this way .
I have told you perhaps bluntly what I have done .
But I believe nay I believe you will find nothing against me .
After considering all the circumstances you will make me innocent .
I am quite convinced that I am not going to make myself appeal to you but for the purpose which I am proud to have before you .
This is the supreme object and I am sure that the all - powerful कर्मों before which we all have to present one day will give you courage to firm our principles and help you to reach a correct judgment on this case .
The Advocate General then put his side to the conclusion : " I believe that no defence argue has been made which can be seriously considered ; although the accused one took long notice of explaining the case and his advisers .
हुए a picture of anarchy before the jury he went on to say " If it is not in the eyes of the law ' the sooner expeditious change of law is to take place than we would have for all the parties concerned . "
When the judge finished his summing up the matter the night was eight o .
He said " I ask you again to judge the accused by what is before you but what you have heard in this room and what you have read of the writings of the accused .
Apply your full attention to the articles before you and tell me what is your verdict on the charges .
There are three charges: you are at liberty to acquit or convict on all three or acquit or convict on any two of the charges.
The extremists who were also known as the nationalists formed a very distinct group .
After the scheme of partition of Bengal was announced by Lord Curzon on 7th July 1905 Krishna Kumar Mitra wrote an article in बंगाल ' and asked the Bengalis to give up the use of foreign articles as far as possible .
This was the origin of the Swadeshi movement which was also known as the ' Boycott Movement.
विदेशी of foreign goods and clothes were burnt in all parts of India and there were shops selling foreign goods everywhere .
The government took vigorous steps to close newspapers prosecute newspapers prosecute publishers writers and editors and arrested many young people in Bengal .
Mr Kingsford the Chief Presidency Magistrate of Calcutta true to his form pronounced his harsh sentence upon students leaders and journalists who in turn decided to liquidate किंग्सफोर्ड
Kingsford was transferred to Muzaffarpur ( now Bihar ) as the district judge .
The revolutionaries deputed two young men Khudiram Bose and Prafulla Chaki from Calcutta to Muzaffarpur .
They kept track of Kingsford ' s movements and discovered that the latter with his wife generally went to the घोडे Club in the evening in an open carriage drawn by a horse .
One evening they threw the बग्घी bomb as किंग्सफोर्ड of किंग्सफोर्ड for a carriage of carriage in a carriage and Mrs Kennedy she went to Mrs Kennedy and her daughter , who were killed in the bomb explosion .
Whatever the young poet 's achievement in the field of letters the Maharshi was adamant that his son should also accept his responsibilities as a man and as a son of a land - owning family .
Rabindranath could no longer evade his father ' s command that he should take full charge of the family estates which were at that time spread over a large area in north - east Bengal and Orissa .
Much as he may have कंधे at first from this onerous responsibility he was later grateful to his father for having yoked him to it .
This teaching was not only necessary for the creation of a hidden personality in him but also for the more years he had spent in rural Bengal where his affinity with nature would have strengthened the many fields of this country and were simultaneous .
It was a rich food for his poetry .
But even richer was the intimacy he thus gained with the actual life of the common people their daily drudgery and constant struggle against the indifference of nature and the worse indifference of a rigid social orthodoxy and of an alien political system .
All this was a blessing to Rabindranath ' s genius and it was a fact of his nature that he managed to prove his success as a writer of Bengali character at the expense of his pen - name .
As they were not intended for publication he wrote freely and without self - awareness .
The two aspects of Nature which he loved best were space ( and motion ) and the sky and the river and the heart satisfied .
I gave up his studies and went to Baroda where my brother Aurobindo Ghose was a Professor at बडौदा College .
There I devoted myself to reading history and political literature .
After staying there for a year I came back to Calcutta with the intention of conducting a political missionary .
As I wandered from district to district I established इकट्ठे where boys and girls gathered to learn physical exercise and initiated politics .
By this time I had known all the communities in Bengal .
After I went there for a year I came back to Bengal to accept the fact that the purely political propaganda was insufficient for the country and it is necessary to prepare people mentally for dangers .
I intended to establish a religious institution .
By this time the ' Swadeshi ' and ' boycott ' movement had already started .
I decided to take some men with them and train them and the party was formed.
That you collected हथियार arms and ammunition at many places in Bengal including युद्ध युद्ध Road . ( युद्ध ) one year before or around 15 May 1908 and intended for preparing a war against the King Emperor of India for the prosecution of that war and for trial .
You will find that one year before or around 15 May 1908 . 32 युद्ध Road . ( युद्ध ) in various places throughout Bengal - and include the secret of having waged war against His Majesty the King of India under the Section 123 .
On behalf of the defence as many as eleven concrete legal objections regarding the authority charges the evidence and witnesses the method and method of searches were taken up .
All these objections were overruled and Mr E. Norton opened the case for the Crown which took him six days .
In all 206 witnesses were examined on behalf of the empire and a large number of heavy documents were produced .
On 4 March 1909 the government counsel concluded his evidence and thereafter the judge asked the accused to report evidence against him ; almost all the accused declined to respond to the questions asked and the only to the arguments on their behalf .
Mr Norton then began his argument which he finished on the 20th March .
The defence counsel and the अदालत then addressed the court .
Mr C . R . Das pleaded for Aurobindo for eight days .
After all analysing the evidence Mr Das said " I appeal to you therefore that the man who has made the charges of this offence will be reduced to the आंदोलन of the world and will be said to have caused this trouble not merely to you . "
Long after he has left this world his words will be echoed and re - echoed not only in India but across distant seas and seas .
That is why I have said that a person like her does not just go to the dock from the Bar at the Bar of this court but is standing at the Bar of the High Court of history . "
The judgment was delivered on 6th May 1909 after the arguments of the other advocates of the पक्ष .
The learned Sessions Judge passed the sentence .
उल्लासकर &gt; Ghosh and Ullaskar
Bhattacharya . Nath Bose are sentenced to transportation under Section 121 121 121 - A of the Indian Penal Code 121 - A and 122 I. P. CC Accused ln - dra Bhusan has been sentenced to transportation under Section 121 121 121 121 121 - A and 122 2001 .
The accused . Malik मलिक Sisir Kumar Ghosh ' s निर्वासन safety Roy is sentenced to ten years' transportation under Section 121 - A and 122 I. P. A .
The properties of all the accused will be forfeited to the government .
Asoke Chandra Nandy बालकृष्ण Hard . Sushil Kumar Sen are sentenced to seven years' transportation for seven years .
Krishna सान्याल Sanyal is sentenced to one year ' s rigorous imprisonment under Section 121 - A .
All the other accused have been acquitted and ordered to be released .
Send the record to the High Court for confirmation of the sentence of death . "
While commenting on the trial the Chief Prosecutor नॉरटन Norton said " The ring - leader was a young man of unusual ability .
In his voluntary self - acceptance he has taken the whole blame entirely to his colleagues .
From birth to spite of being a European British citizen he refused to apply for a jury case before the High Court although he declined to accept any स्वीकरण his own किया ' s नागरिक ' and gave his arguments to his lawyer R . C . Banerjee ' . अरविंद . अरविंद . अरविंद . अरविंद ' s famous वकील . अरविंद . अरविंद . अरविंद . अरविंद . अरविंद . अरविंद . अरविंद . अरविंद . अरविंद . ' s famous . अरविंद . अरविंद . अरविंद . अरविंद . अरविंद . अरविंद . अरविंद . ' .
From 9 August the Chief Justice Sir L . जेन्किन्स ( with the title of ' नाइट ' and the Judge ' किया ' started hearing the appeal till 12 October .
C . R . Das again took the responsibility of litigation for eight days he pleaded for his clients with great skill and मुवक्किलों .
The ground on which Das argued the case may be briefly mentioned as an illustration of his vast knowledge of law and his vast mastery of law .
Barindra Kumar and Ullaskar had been charged with the offences under Sections 121 121 121 - A . 122 and 123 of the Indian Penal Code .
For prosecution under these Sections he said " It is absolutely necessary to have the sanction of the government under Section 196 of the Criminal Procedure Code .
Complaints under these Sections can be made only on the basis of that sanction . "
Das pointed out that the government sanction for the prosecution had been sought under Sections 121 - A 122 and 123 of the Indian Penal Code ( Section 121 ) not under Section 121 .
There is therefore no sanction for prosecution under this Section and no appropriate prosecution could be filed in these proceedings .
He said " Death is the extreme penalty under Section 121 of the Indian Penal Code but since there was no regular sanction for the charge under this Section Barindra and Ullaskar must be acquitted of offence under this Section .
The judges accepted the दास of Das' s argument and dropped the charge under Section 121 .
He had been the head of St. Paul ' s and won a scholarship at King' s College Cambridge .
Both won honours at the University and in the final examination of the Indian Civil Service.
Aurobindo the prisoner beat the judge न्यायाधीश in Greek ; 5
After his acquittal on 6th May 1909 Aurobindo Ghose left politics altogether and ultimately settled down in Pondicherry which was then a French संन्यास - पांडिचेरी in India .
There he set up an Ashram to work out spiritual salvation for himself and others .
Vinayak passed the Marathi fourth standard at the age of ten .
He joined the Shivaji High School at Nasik in 1895 and passed the matriculation examination in 1901 .
At eighteen he had the first place in the essay competition .
He was sentenced to two consecutive life - पानी which meant transportation for three years .
Their properties were also seized .
During his ten years in the Andaman Jail from 1911 to 1921 Vinayak composed poems spread literacy among the prisoners and dispelled superstitions from the minds of Hindu convicts हटाकर them to the Hindu fold .
In the An - अंडमान he composed a poem called कमला in a special blank verse which he named Vinayak कमला .
On the first night of the jail he wrote his poem ' the Great Bear and in his poem की ' the yearning for the motherland.
After his release from jail he wrote the story of his life in the Andamans : माझी ' My निर्वासन ' .
He was elected president of the Hindu Mahasabha in Ahmedabad in 1937 .
After 1943 Savarkar led a retired life and died in 1966 in his home in Bombay .
The trial of Savarkar ' s trial in The Hague the arbitrator ' s award before the court " France vs. Great Britain " and then the trial in India were landmarks in contemporary legal and political history .
During his stay in London for five years he did not take any action against the British laws openly but his participation in political activities irked the British Government which was searching for grounds for action against them .
The British adopted a dubious method to suppress their voice and curb their activities .
Savarkar was proclaimed a fugitive an offender for his political activities by the Government of India and the British Government asked him to send him back to India to face trial .
Savarkar who had gone to England as a student on a regular passport granted by the Indian Government was charged under the इंग्लैंड . . Act 1881 .
In an unprecedented step the British Government issued a warrant for his arrest from Bow Street court London on 22 February 1910 on which he said :
( 1 ) To war against His Majesty the King Emperor in India or to stir in war .
( 2 ) The conspiracy to deprive His Majesty the King of the sovereignty of British India or one of its territory .
( 3 ) अस्त्र collection and sharing of arms and हत्या the killing of Jackson .
He was arrested in England in 1910 for the so - called speeches given in India in 1906 .
He was produced in the Bow Street police court on 14th March 1910 .
After a few जेल on April 20 the magistrate refused to release him on bail and Savarkar was transferred from Bow Street police custody to इंग्लैंड Jail in England awaiting further orders for his transportation to India to stand trial .
Mr बंदी counsel for Savarkar made an application for a writ of habeas corpus and also appealed against the decision of the Bow Street court .
The habeas corpus application and appeal were heard on 2nd and 3rd June 1910 by the Divisional Court .
The presiding judge upheld the decision of the Bow Street court and rejected the petition and the petition .
Again in the High Court an appeal was filed ; but Mr. विलियम्स Williams the Chief Justice of the British High Court approves the decision of the ब्रिटिश court and agreed to surrender him to the Tribunal by a special ordinance .
Justice Coleridge who was in minority असहमति and held that Savarkar should not be sent to India but the majority view affirmed his transportation to India .
Savarkar was kept in custody till July 1910 in the British jail and preparations were being made to send him to India to sue him .
When the court resumed hearing on 26th September it was argued before the Tribunal that they should stay the proceedings and allow Savarkar ' s petition against his arrest at Marseilles on the French soil to go to the French and British governments .
This objection was rejected .
On the 27th and 28th September the Advocate General continued his address .
After two prosecution witnesses had been examined the court asked Savarkar to cross - examine them if he so wished .
He further stated that he had entirely abandoned himself to the French nation which called itself the land of fraternity equality and liberty and as such he would not take any part in the trial .
Savarkar ' s counsel Mr Baptista also raised the point that Savarkar ' s arrest on French soil was illegal.
The court overruled all objections on 1st October 1910 .
The provisions of the प्रत्यर्पण Act were also considered .
When Savarkar was asked to comment by the court he refused to say anything .
The sentence was unique in the context of using " justice " to serve its political ends in India as a measure of injustice in Indian legal history .
After the verdict of conviction from the बंबई Jail Bombay ( where he was kept during trial ) he was shifted to the अंडमान Jail and from there to Thana for Veer Savarkar ' s Veer Savarkar ' s Trial .
He was kept in a solitary कारावास but neither did he loose his self - control nor was his morale reduced .
After some time the country was दबाना for Savarkar ' s release. It became difficult for the government to resist the demand .
He was brought to India after the First World War in 1921 and kept at Yervada Jail .
In 1923 the Indian National Congress at its Kakinada session passed a resolution demanding the release of Savarkar .
A ray of hope was visible .
Savarkar accepted these conditions signed a treaty and on 6th July 1924 he was released सप्रतिबंध .
On the following morning between 6 and 7 Savarkar swam ashore and then began to run .
The three who had come ashore from the vessel assisted the Brigadier in taking the जहाज back .
On July 9th the " S. S . सावरकर " left Marseilles with Savarkar .
The Brigadier appears to have seen the समुद्र of the river कूदते and swim to the shore .
At the same time some of the crew on board arrived at the beach screaming and चिल्लाते .
Many people began shouting at the beach .
After fleeing for 500 metres the Brigadier arrested the ब्रिगेडियर .
The Brigadier declares that he was not aware of the जहाज who thought he was one of the crew who had committed an offence at which he had committed an offence .
Seeing the assistance offered to him by one of the crew and two Indian policemen it appears that they came up after the arrest was effected and their intervention was only auxiliary to the action of the Brigadier .
On his own initiative Mahatma Gandhi accidentally came to Meerut on 27th October 1929 to meet the communist बैरकों in their बैरकों which was being tried .
He spent about two hours with the prisoners and asked them :
" I propose to come here with the present objective and show in my humble and practical way that the case is wholly wrong in any sense that you will prevent you from coming to the Bombay city from coming to such an spot. "
On 21 March Jawahar Lal Nehru issued a statement describing the arrests as' primarily directed against the labour movement and the Youth League .
He claimed that the Government wanted to आतंक by these arrests and गिरफ्तारियों .
He also sought to raise funds for the accused and international sympathy and support .
The accused were put in Meerut Jail by the local police who took remand from time to time at the expiry of every two weeks .
As a conspiracy trial under the legal system prevailing in British India had to be preceded by a preliminary enquiry by a special magistrate it had a very delayed start due to the massive documents seized by the police in indiscriminate searches and seizures throughout India .
Preliminary Enquiry The preliminary enquiry began on 12 June 1927 almost 11 weeks after the , arrests .
And it is surprising that during this period he wrote ब्रेक on the pages of his literature journal : " This was an aristocratic novel which was written for pure entertainment of the readers .
This story is based on the dilemma of mistaken identity resulting in an exchange of wives very spontaneously told the story which presents to the extraordinary splendour of nature .
Four months after the death of his daughter Renuka the कवि poet suffered another grievous bereavement .
A young and promising poet Satish Roy died suddenly of smallpox Rabindranath loved her like his son and was like him a member of an idealist and Santiniketan ' s teacher and his right hand in the years to come.
The whole school had to be shifted to Shelidah for the time being for fear of the epidemic .
Soon afterwards the father of रवीन्द्रनाथ Tagore the Maharshi passed away on 19 January 1905 at the age of 88 .
The death of this remarkable and towering personality marks the end of this significant era in Indian history a great era of religious and cultural resurgence of intellectual and moral stalwarts who paved the way of India ' s political renaissance .
Henceforth political ends and not moral or intellectual ideals will dominate the Indian scene despite the great dreams of a Gandhi or a Tagore .
The Indian then Viceroy Lord Curzon for a decision in the last years of his state was to create in the minds of the people not only the terror of the people but also the बंग of the great Indian religious communities which began to crack .
Their newspapers constantly preached the " साम्यवाद of communism and they composed the youth of the nation as the youth of the country poison .
The accused had engineered taken part in and spoken at various kinds of demonstrations which were intended by the accused to educate the वर्ग in order to initiate them into the mysteries of class - war and dictatorship of the के . "
The defence was represented by a number of prominent Indian lawyers : including K . F. Nariman L . K . Sinha . M . C . पी C . Gupta चक्रवर्ती of चक्रवर्ती चक्रवर्ती and K . चक्रवर्ती .
The senior defence counsel D. P . Sinha maintained that this was the first systematic prosecution by the government of a group of men for holding certain व्यक्तियों ideals and व्यक्तियों certain beliefs ; however these were not illegal acts .
In addition to the charges enumerated by the prosecutor for the prosecution it seemed that the Government was launching cases with the accused as against the Soviet Government .
" Thus the only law applied to such a conspiracy case was the नेशन्स of Nations' and a municipal tribunal as the district court of Meerut had no right to try the case . "
Most of the defendants did not exercise their right to cross - examine the witnesses of the prosecution make statements or give evidence on their own behalf in the court .
Only three of the accused made specific statements in defence .
In pursuance of the Indian legal process the Indian assessors rendered their opinion on 17th August 1932 It was not merely a ' judgment ' which was not legally binding ' .
It is noteworthy however that they found most of the so - called - कम्युनिस्टों guilty 'and the so - called non - communist as कम्युनिस्टों .
After a delay of five months the Sessions Judge R . L . यार्क delivered his judgment on 17th January 1933 which was a judgment in law but subject to appeal to the High Court at Allahabad .
Of the thirty - one accused बंगाली Banerjee बंगाली बंगाली Ghosh and B . N . Mukherjee were rejected as not members of any left party .
Dr R . ठेंगडी president of the Bombay Workers' and पीसेंट्स Party had died during the trial .
The remaining twenty - seven persons were found guilty and were meted out harsh sentences varying from three years to life imprisonment .
Muzaffar Ahmad was the one to be sentenced to transportation for life .
Appeals All the convicts appealed officially before the Lahore Congress at Allahabad on 24th July 1933 .
The appeal was heard by Chief Justice Dr Sulaiman and Justice Douglas Young who took only eight working days to deliver the judgment on 13th August 1933 in a case which took about four - and - a - half years to the magistrate and the Sessions court .
The High Court judgment had divided the twenty - seven accused into four groups for the sake of convenience :
According to Muzaffar Ah - mad अहमद James was getting a fee of eight पारिश्रमिक per day and his junior J. P . Mitter was paid a fee of five गिन्नियों a day for the entire period of the trial .
In those days the guinea had the constant value of Rs 17 and the government paid such big fees whether the court was in session or not and irrespective of holidays.
It was estimated that the Government gave Mr James a sum of Rs थी per month which was a stupendous amount in 1930 .
In March 1929 the British Government dealt another blow to the freedom fighters when trade union leaders were arrested without any cause.
Among the arrested were prominent labour leaders like S . A . B . C . Dange Muzaffar Ahmad . B . C . V . V . V . श्रमिक and 29 .
The Central Assembly met on 8th April 1929 to consider the Public Safety Bill ( Public Safety Bill ) and the Trade Disputes Bill .
Bhagat Singh and B . Dutt dressed in निकर shirts and shorts entered unobserved and sat quietly in the दर्शकों gallery .
The trade - dispute ended after the bill was over and before the Bill was passed by the president it was धुआं by a thundering explosion followed by emission of smoke .
A bomb or some explosive had fallen in the Central Hall and a house full of darkness .
There was a stir in the Women ' s Gallery and in the first instance there was a second explosion .
There was chaos with a cry of over - noise गयी .
Members rushed out . dashed to safety and women ran for safety .
Then two pistol shots were fired .
In these circumstances these youths should not be allowed to lead to inadequate punishment .
I sentence Bhagat Singh and B . K . Dutt to transportation for life . "
No appeal was intended as it was of no use ; but with a view to using the High Courts as a means to propagate their objectives and to awaken the masses Bhagat Singh and Dutt of b .
The appeal was heard by Justice Ford and Justice की .
Asaf Ali argued it for two and a half days .
The public prosecutor replied to his arguments during the remaining half of the third day .
But during this period as per the statement of Asaf Ali Bhagat Singh also submitted arguments on his own behalf .
As was already known the appeal was rejected by the High Court on 13th January 1930 and it was agreed with the judgment of the Sessions Court .
While he was in jail his trial in the Lahore conspiracy case ( Lahore Conspiracy Case ) began in the court of a special magistrate called him .
However on the insistence of friends and relations he agreed to have a legal adviser to watch the proceedings of the Tribunal and to give him advice on lines of cross - examination .
He made it clear to the court that the legal adviser would neither cross - examine the witness nor address the court .
He agreed to Shri दुनी Chand being appointed his legal adviser .
Bhagat Singh did not offer any defence during the trial .
For him the trial meant more a platform for propagating his revolutionary ideas for the country ' s freedom than an occasion for saving his life .
On 20th September 1930 when it became clear that death sentence would be awarded to Bhagat Singh : his father swayed by parental love and sentiments made an attempt to save his son from the gallows.
When Bhagat Singh came to know of it he was furious.
Inspite of all the sentiments and feelings of a father you were not at all entitled to make such an application with me without consultation .
Jawaharlal Nehru in a public speech on October 12 1930 has the courage and sacrifice of Bhagat Singh :
Whether I would like to agree with him or not my mind is full of admiration for the courage and sacrifice of a person like Bhagat Singh .
Courage of the Bhagat Singh type are exceedingly rare .
If the Viceroy expects us to refrain from admiring this wonderful courage and high purpose behind it he is mistaken.
नाथ Nath Roy popularly known as M . N . Roy was born in 1887 .
He began his career as a revolutionary and joined the revolutionary movement in Bengal in the year 1906 .
He was involved in the Chingripota Railway Station dacoity case in December 1907 and also in the नेत्र dacoity in 1910 .
She took out a copper coin from her miserable bag and placed it in her palm .
When she खोलती home and opened her bag she found a gold coin instead of her copper coin .
Why should I not give my all? she सौप
In another poem पति is a picture of a woman waiting at night for her husband .
This symbolism he elaborated later in his play The King which was published in English as The King of the Dark Ages .
The year 1907 was full of विषाद and achievements ; in public life it was after his frustration that his person suffered in the post - depression of Calcutta .
Besides his novels published on a variety of subjects as their main and serial four volumes of literary essays some of which were published under four categories were literature . and literary साहित्यिक ancient literature लोक folklore and जन and Modern literature .
The range was comprehensive the analysis sober and lucid and the style so charming that all the writings had become an outstanding specimen of literature .
Rabindranath was one of the first Indian writers to take up the cause of appreciation and appreciation of the pride of place within the overall scenario of Indian literature from the classical to the aristocratic रवीन्द्रनाथ and from the wider point of view .
An intelligence report reviewing communist activities in India during this period acknowledged that Roy had managed to do considerable mischief despite the fact that the police were continually hot on his heels. "
During the seven months that Roy acquired within him several supporters for his views including leading Congressmen in various parts of the country .
It was felt that they could be बंदी out of the political arena a dangerous enemy of capitalism landlordism and imperialism and आघात blow at Indian communism . "
Very rarely the Indian police did any man try to catch for instance as much as in the case of Roy .
Within a few days after his arrival in India the authorities had suspected his presence .
Despite the determined efforts of the police Roy managed to elude them for several months while at the same time making creditable progress towards the realisation of his objectives .
N . Roy was committed by the magistrate to the Sessions Court on 15th October 1931 .
After several स्थगनों his trial in the Court of Sessions began on 3rd November 1931 .
The case was not open to the court as usual .
She was incarcerated in the jail.
The Government it seems did not want any popular demonstration .
Roy refused to appear before a court sitting behind prison walls but he was forcibly taken to it .
He demanded trial by jury .
The application was refused and he was tried with the help of assessors .
At the end of the trial two of the four assessors found him 'not करने but that did not prevent the Sessions Judge from अभिशंसित him and imposing a savage sentence .
The moral philosophy of the ruling power is that force becomes criminal when directed against it but that it becomes the instrument of virtue when employed for the preservation of the ruling power .
In other words it was the army of अंग्रेजों - अंग्रेजों to which the British army in a foreign country प्रभुस
But the same weapon in the hands of the oppressed Indian people struggling for independence becomes the instrument of crime .
हवाईजहाज bombing the Frontier tribesmen are vehicles of virtue teaching those deprived people a moral lesson but any resistance on their behalf is an offence .
Instead I hereby charge the British Government of India at the Bar of civilised society at the Bar of civilised India for अत्याचार aggression against one - fifth of the human population ; block our development in every sense . "
In his review of the history of constitutional developments in England he said :
The history of England teaches us that resistance and rebellion against the established authority are the motive force of political progress . "
He continued " Indians could give their country a better political order than the rusty British Constitution .
The first one was हिंदू शाह शाह second was Shah Nawaz Khan and सिख Singh . .
The aim of the trial was not to prove that they broke the oath of allegiance but to show that they committed murders atrocities and war crime .
This step evoked the sympathy of the entire nation towards the officers .
The Indian National Congress took an active part in organising the defence of the accused .
A high level committee of top lawyers was formed which included Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru . Sir Tej Bahadur Sapru Mr Asaf Ali and others.
Two important cases were played in the Red Fort of Delhi .
As they were linked to legal issues of national importance these two cases changed the course of political history .
In 1858 the famous trial of the last Mughal Emperor Bahadur Shah Zafar was held in the Red Fort of Delhi .
It gave a final blow to Mughal rule in India and established British supremacy .
Important issues of International Law were involved in the trial as to whether a king could be tried and whether such a trial was justified .
Few poets have loved space as he did space above and below vastness that stretches beyond the reach of the entire senses.
Again and again he talks of the hunger of space and once he wrote " Goethe on his death - bed wanted शैय्या .
In one of his letters he wrote: " How one evening when he was reading an English book of aesthetic beauty and struggling with its obscure definitions and fine humour which made him जूझ and जूझ in a vague sense .
He threw the book on the table and as the night was far advanced blew out the lamp with the intention of retiring to bed .
No sooner had he done so than the moonlight burst into the room through the open window .
Tagore visited his wife and children often in Calcutta .
The family had started a new literary magazine called भारती in place of the old ' Bharati ' s magazine ' .
Then followed almost all the writings from his pen had the stamp of लेखनी ; the landscape of the unknown ideas and the written literature in the acquired language were expressed .
Similarly in 1945 another remarkable trial known as the Indian National Army ( Indian Army ) was held in the Red Fort .
All the other questions had become minor and even the victims of a sentence of death ( imprisonment ) were blurred by the large picture of India .
In fact it was not a question of law or judicial eloquence and ability ; although there was considerable merit and eloquence produced ; it now became the case of the Indian people ' s will and that Subhas Chandra Bose won the country ' s will .
The INA was again arrested and won by the Provisional Government of Azad Hind सुभाषचन्द्र Singh . Lt. Gurbaksh Singh Dhillon down with नवाज शाह and फौजी . ' s officers who were jailed during 1943 - 45 .
The three officers were charged with waging war against His Majesty the King Emperor in India and Lt. Dhillon with the offence of committing murder of Hari Singh धरम Chand धरम Singh and Dharam Singh on or about 6th March 1945 .
The trial began on 5th November 1945 and went on till 31st December 1945 .
On 15 February 1942 when Singapore was conquered by Japan Colonel कर्नल on behalf of the British Government handed over the Indian prisoners - of - war representing Japan .
This stressed the strength of the Indian community abroad .
They then founded the Indian Independence League which met in Bangkok in June 1942 and adopted the proposal to form the Indian National Army and also to invite Subhas Chandra Bose to that part of the country .
After meeting Premier Tojo in Japan Subhas Chandra Bose had arrived in Singapore on 2nd July 1943 and had assumed leadership of the Indian Independence League on 21 October 1943 .
Provisional Government of Free India was set up in Singapore .
It was recognised by Japan . Germany Thailand and Thailand .
Japan agreed to hand over the Andaman and Nicobar Islands to the Provisional Government and thus the Indian National Army came to be known all over the world .
Thirty witnesses were examined on behalf of the prosecution in support of the charges .
If treason were charged in England they are charged to act against the King and the country but if the charge is imposed on a subject country which is charged then it will be entirely different .
In the circumstances of this trial in relation to the question of the enforcement of the rules of International Law the International law was said to be binding on the tribunal and such a Tribunal was not merely binding on the law in any other way .
In the setting and the. circumstances of the individual nature of the acts charged as offences same would be outside the pale of municipal law and would come within the domain of the law of the India .
The order and order passed by the court martial and the confirmation thereof by the Commander - in - Chief in the case was published in a communique which was published in the Gazette of India Extraordinary on 3rd January 1946 .
The communique था :
The court concluded that the three accused have been found guilty of the charge of war युद्ध while शाह Shah Nawaz Khan is charged with उकसाने .
The play that followed this work was प्रायश्चित ' a drama quite different from his previous drama in theme and mood .
It is not a drama of feeling but of action full of strife and intrigue and the clash of interests ; however it has a great bearing on the idea and the moral values which are in all Tagore ' s plays .
It was not an escape but it was a form of self - sacrifice a form of enthusiasm which is most significant and effective in the last scene of the play .
The poet was at this time a ripe old age in his drama writing and it was inevitable that he should नाटक the most intense experience of his life and his adventure with the Divine.
What is the relation of soul to God ?
We must come to the Truth with our terms or on its terms .
These were some questions that the poet wrote for his most symbolic and most notable play in one respect ' the king of English ( The King of the Dark आफ ) next only in 1921 .
They were very different from each other and from the previous ones . The central character of these plays was a young boy .
The post - office of Tagore translated in English as The Post Office was perhaps the most popular of his plays in London and was played with great success by the Irish आयरिश in 1913 .
These claims are not confined to one race religion or coloured people ; they all apply because I consider humanity as a whole unit that is not torn by such barriers and human rights always prevail .
The trial of Sheikh Mohammad Abdullah ' s case in July 1946 as it was against other freedom fighters : the only difference is that Sheikh Abdullah was struggling against the शासन of a Maharaja which was against the British rulers in India .
In the words of Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru the popular movement based on real and strength often rises to the ranks of men who मूर्त and symbolise that movement .
Thus Sheikh Muhammad Abdullah became the living and outstanding symbol of the urge of the कश्मीरियों people for their freedom .
That is why Sheikh Abdullah ' s trial was not just a trial of an individual ; it was a trial of all men .
Or perhaps it would be more correct to state that in the ultimate analysis this was the trial before the Bar of public opinion of the State authorities who had tried to stem the flowing river of a great popular popular uprising . "
In 1942 the Indian National Congress called for complete independence a slogan का Bharat का .
" You must have read in the papers of the Kashmir problem but it is not even a part of it as the party concerned has it in the press .
The problem was started by a local आंदोलनकारी Abdullah who was apparently anti - state and communist who ultimately realized that he could not succeed in पहुंचाए the government through a friend of his minister .
have had to take action and as a result Abdullah and some of his colleagues were arrested .
At the time of his arrest Abdullah was on his way to see his Guru Jawahar Lal and so Jawahar Lal ' s personal vanity was greatly injured by the fact that his lieutenant was arrested when on his way to his sanctuary .
Being what he is Jawahar Lal has completely gone away on this point .
" Sheikh Abdullah was arrested under Section 124 - A of the " Ranjit Penal Code ( R. P. C. ) applicable in Kashmir for the offence of sedition under Section 124 - A of the Indian Penal Code .
Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru went to Kashmir to give possible moral and judicial support to Sheikh Abdullah for his protection .
The Kashmir Government produced Sheikh Abdullah in the court of Srinagar in Kashmir on 26 July 1946 before Lala लाला Roy .
W. B. Yeats who was present at the performance testified On the stage the small play has shown that it is very perfectly constructed and conveys to the right audience and emotion of gentleness and peace .
The German stage version of the play which the poet personally saw in Berlin in 1921 was suggestive of a fairy story .
Writing of it to C . F . है he said : " I remember when I was writing it my inner feeling which inspired me to write it .
Amal represents the man whose soul has received the call of the open path . "
For those who are desirous of going away the poem from Tagore ' s previous poems may be quoted .
Where there is a deeper symbolism in it the play embodies the author ' s own reminiscent longing as a child for freedom from the confines of his home.
The second play of Rabindranath ' s रवीन्द्रनाथ - LRB - जो - RRB - has not been published in English so far and is really hard for translation .
The play is a lively satire on the self - complacent self - righteous and unchanging समाज of Hindu society and is one long and उपहास mockery of its orthodoxy .
The central character of the play is लडका a small boy by name - the elder brother of his brother कट्टरता who is the pillar of orthodoxy in a straight line called ' परंपरा ' which is surrounded by an order and detached from the world .
The poor boy who is full of अदम्य curiosity and और is looked down upon by his colleagues as an incorrigible साथियों and is constantly chided for his habit of singing .
What is this set in singing ?
Even the birds can sing ; the truant from school to the neighbouring areas of the lower castes and participate in their various games and festivals .
Ever since then there has been a sea - change in the days and Rabindranath Tagore had spoken about six to seven decades ago a common and self - evident fact fact that the present generation is unaware of the wisdom of the debt .
But Tagore was no Swift who enjoyed his preference for the reduction of his followers than to indulge in bitterness and was an impetuous revolutionary who in his impatience with the old order would demand good along with the evil .
There is no other work which is so full of such excellent कृति and विरोधाभास the complexities of the social life of India to analyse the character of Indian nationalism and its roots spread on one side by the बाहें मानवतावाद ' global democracy .
And it is not less interesting than a novel .
As characters have their own ends in conflict and outside conflict and they are portrayed in a growing sense with deep insight and sympathy but not merely in a way of निर्वाह .
It may be noted here how this novel was written .
It is said that the main character was Gora . in whose name the novel was titled व्यक्तित्व : व्यक्तित्व by Sister निवेदिता ' an Irish lady ( शिष्या ) who became an ardent शिष्या of शिष्या .
The reader who has read his writings knows what a passionate advocate he had of everything Hindu.
She was a far more orthodox Hindu than the Hindus and Tagore must have been happy when she preached Hinduism .
Once when she was staying as his guest at his Shelidah estate she would insist when they sat on the deck of a house - boat in the evening .
And thus we must begin by telling the story of Gora who was written later .
Gora is an Irish विद्रोह whose parents were killed in the so - called Sepoy Mutiny of 1857 .
A kind Brahmin lady brings up the baby as her own.
If this composition is altered i. e. the oxygen level gets reduced or irritating gases enter the atmosphere then the air is said to be polluted and inhalation of this polluted air can lead to respiratory diseases .
Our air is being poisoned by the products that produce our new technologies .
Air pollution is nothing new but what is new is the scope and severity of air pollution .
Nowadays many industries have been set up in urban areas and rural areas .
Most of these industries spew dense smoke from their chimneys .
What is this smoke made up of and how is it produced ?
Industries require steam and to produce it various fuels such as coal coke भट्टी furnace oil are burned .
They are also because of the burning of heat as well as smoke and the colour of the smoke depends on the nature of the fuel being burnt and its quantity .
Where does this smoke go ?
Among industries the smoke and ash is produced from thermal power stations .
Gora : गोरा : In the midst of a tall and handsome semi - literate and well - सेहत youth he emerged as a powerful believer in Hindu orthodoxy and a strong supporter of the caste .
In his crusade - the only Truth he believes in it is the supreme one that he loses his closest and true friend and ठुकरा the girl who loves him and whom he loves .
All of a sudden the sharp end of the story when it comes to know that Gora has a foreign blood and that he is now in an act of his faith a रक्त if not an रक्त .
He has no place in the orthodox Hindu society of which he himself was a ardent supporter .
This realisation brings him to his senses and he understands the true significance of his nation ' s pride .
" I am really an Indian today .
I have no longer had any opposition to Hindu communalists Muslims and Christians .
Today every caste in India is my race and it is my food to all . "
Air pollution can affect human health other animals plants plants plants plants materials besides causing global impact on air pollution .
Effects on Human Health It has been proved beyond doubt that polluted air is highly detrimental to human health and is a contributory factor in deaths from diseases such as lung cancer .
Air pollution is mostly associated with respiratory diseases ranging from common cold to lung cancer .
Both gaseous and particulate pollutants cause severe damage to the respiratory system leading to emphysema bronchitis and asthma.
प्रदूषित air irritates the eyes and some pollutants like lead tend to accumulate in the body at times to dangerous limits .
The mortality rate is increasing due to lung cancer and the main reason is the existence of polluted air .
Carbon monoxide is an रक्त gas which when inhaled reacts with the haemoglobin in blood to reduce the carrying capacity of oxygen .
The disease is gradually progressive and death occurs due to heart failure or pulmonary tuberculosis .
Other serious dust diseases are the lung disease ( by inhaling coal dust ) फेफडों फेफडों ( शरीर फेफडों ) and फेफडों ( cotton ) .
A summary of air pollutants and their effects on human health is given in Table 1 for reference .
Table 1 : Air Pollutants and their Effects on Human Health
Sulphur dioxide Industries especially where coal and oil are burnt .
The effects of air pollution on domestic animals are similar to those observed in man .
In the London fog disaster of 1952 it is reported that five cattle died and 52 out of 351 became seriously ill .
An unknown number of cattle - horses pigs dogs chickens and मर birds died or became ill due to exposure to hydrogen sulphide at मैक्सिको Rica in Mexico .
If the greenhouse gases increase then more heat will be trapped and radiated back to the earth resulting in the earth becoming warmer .
पृथ्वी warming of the earth will lead to grave effects .
Polar ice caps may melt further and increase the level of water in the oceans which may submerge large expanses of the earth : China Egypt Indonesia Bangladesh and West Bengal face this threat .
Human beings will be more vulnerable to diseases caused by the large increase in viruses parasites and insects which thrive under warmer conditions .
Large - scale blindness would खतरा the white - skinned people would become more prone to skin cancer ; the global food supplies will घट at a faster rate and changes in global rainfall and ecological disturbances will become a common phenomenon .
Depending on the temperature the atmosphere is usually divided into four horizontal surfaces : धरती ( 80 kms above the earth ) with all weather phenomena ( between 12 and 50 kms ) ; the ozone portion between 12 and 50 kilometers .
What is the ozone layer ?
The maximum concentration of ozone varies between 20 - 25 kms .
It is predicted that the opening in the ozone layer and the result is that the international institute of research in कनाडा Canada would be the first cause of their research to be carried out by Dr . पब्लिक पब्लिक for the low carbon dioxide ' .
While the USA and Canada face a grave threat this does not mean that we should turn our eyes into a world - class problem .
India too will be affected by the large - scale changes in the ozone layer .
Prevention and control of air pollution and prevention of air pollution is the need of the hour as both man and animal are endangered.
without satisfaction the cost of air pollution the growing needs and facilities of modern life cannot be reached ; but if proper schemes are made to the industries reasonable places preparation of proper equipments and pollution is carried out considerably .
The first and foremost rule is to ensure that the operation of lighting is not incomplete .
Smoke can be reduced by maximising the combustion i. e. by ensuring complete burning so that poisonous carbon monoxide gets converted to harmless carbon dioxide .
The combustion can be increased by reducing the amount of fuel and adjusting the ratio of air to fuel .
For example coal may be चूरा and then used.
Coke briquettes may be reduced to a smaller size and then burnt .
To limit global warming to the minimum extent concerted efforts are needed .
The lifestyle in developed countries - has to be changed especially in the use of petroleum products .
जंगलों schemes have to be implemented at a faster rate as vegetation absorbs carbon dioxide and is no easy solution to the depletion of ozone layer .
Even if a ban on the production of क्लोरोफ्लोरोकार्बन ( क्लोरोफ्लोरोकार्बन ) is imposed with immediate effect the effects of the chlorofluorocarbons produced till date will continue to harm the atmosphere for the next 100 years .
Any such ban will not reverse the damage already done .
The only solution is for all nations to join hands and launch a crusade to protect the ozone layer from further deterioration by adopting suitable and immediate measures to safeguard the lives of all living beings .
Major Air Pollution के Our present knowledge of the effects of air pollution is mainly derived from the study of acute air pollution अध्ययन
Reports and records of small communities and groups of people show how they have suffered or died of exposure to toxic fumes vapours aerosols dust and dust .
Some of the following episodes will help explain the severity of air pollution .
" Only you will come through the fullness of my life . "
Love is the core .
Fifty years of a rich and fruitful career closed in 1911 .
Although he was fully aware of the fact that a major phase of his development was at an end and a new phase of his life began which he gradually began to express his memories of life ( स्मृतियों ) .
Nor are these memoirs a chronicle of events as in a diary.
He has himself put it in the words : " The memories of life are not the history of life but they may be the original works of an artist . "
The artist is an मानस and what he paints on the mind ' s canvas does not permit the picture of what actually happened .
The course of their struggle for twelve years on many fronts had yielded good results though this tension had a profound effect on Tagore ' s body and mind .
Even birds are not saved .
Birds breeding near प्रजनन lakes have been known to be poisoned by aluminium which they pick up while eating aquatic insects .
The downpour of acid rain leads to removal of top soil followed by percolation of acid water into the मिट्टी subsequently causing acidity of ground - water .
तो which are necessary for plant growth are carried away or have not been obtained .
In contrast to this other metals such as aluminium एल्यूमीनियम lead and mercury which are toxic to plants become more soluble and impair plant growth .
The net result is damage to plants stunted growth and increased susceptibility to patients .
Let us now see the effect of acid rain on inanimate objects .
Can stones be पत्थरों ?
The sulphuric acid in acid rain reacts with the calcium carbonate to convert it to gypsum ( calcium sulphate ) whose volume is about twice that of marble .
विदेश before a sojourn abroad had proved helpful and स्फूर्तिदायक
Now again at the cross - roads he looked anxiously towards the West .
They had never been anti - West in their most patriotic and introspective phase and had drawn inspiration and sustenance as freely from the values of Western civilisation as from the heritage of their own country .
And so in the beginning of 1912 he made preparations for his third voyage to 1912 .
In the meanwhile the intellectuals of Bengal saw the वर्षगांठ birthday anniversary of their great poet in the East revised their defects and held the most prominent literary institution of Bengal on 28th January 1912 under the auspices of the Bangiya Sahitya Parishad बंगीय
Their luggage already on board had to be जहाज from Madras where the ship ' s halted left Calcutta .
Disappointed at this unforeseen postponement of his voyage he sought consolation and strength as of old by retiring to Shelidah on the bank of his beloved river Padma.
However most developed countries have banned the use of DDT and the like products .
An interesting event in 1985 comes to my mind .
About 200 people in the USA and Canada had to be भर्ती after consuming their favourite summer fruit the भर्ती ALL - भर्ती भर्ती भर्ती .
Sickness , sweating and trembling were some of the symptoms that set in the patients due to the contamination of the fruit with granular व्यापारिक ( whose trade name is व्यापारिक ) .
The chemical is prepared from methyl रसायन ( मिक ) the रिसने of which nearly 4000 people died in the Bhopal gas tragedy of 1984 .
Fortunately there were no death cases in either USA or Canada but millions of विषाक्तता were destroyed for days together to save the people from poisoning .
Change the environment by digging up egg chambers such as अंडों .
Genetic control by replacing the male निंयत्रण with X - rays to compete with the female pests .
Dairy protein ,
धातुओं compounds यौगिक dyes धातुओं acid of heavy metals
फास्फेट्स फास्फेट्स फास्फेट्स , ,
Ammonia और गैस गैस गैस गैस
Iron लौह mineral acids.
It is a well - known fact that I could not write English and I had not even the vanity to feel ashamed of it .
If anybody wrote an English note asking me to tea I did not understand how I would reply to it .
Perhaps you think that by now I have got over that illusion .
That I have written in English seems to be the delusion.
That day दिन on the ship he had fainted due to my frantic efforts at leave - office and the journey itself was postponed.
But unless the brain is fully active one cannot enjoy enough rest .
I simply felt an urge to recapture through the medium of another language the feelings and sentiments which had created such a feast of joy within me in the days gone by me .
My small volume of writing has gradually come to book - keeping in my pocket and was boarded the ship . "
During his enforced स्वास्थ्य at Shelidah he composed many songs in which the devotional song of Gitanjali की could see a rich culmination in भक्तिपूर्ण ' .
In Gitanjali . In गीतांजलि the poet dedicated his favourite flower to that of आराध्य गीतांजलि ' he composed a garland of songs " in गीतांजलि .
Suspended matter is present in sewage and most industrial waste water .
Suspended matter do not cause any harm but interfere with the self - purification ability of streams by reducing the photosynthetic activity of water - plants and by जीवों नितलस्थ matter .
Moreover प्रलंबित materials present in the suspended matter can choke and block the fishes .
The coal - washed waste waters which are black and opaque और the stream and render it unfit for most uses .
Suspended matter containing organic material gets lost during warm weather .
As a result solids हुए with gas may rise to the surface create the कीचड and floating कीचड mud .
गैसीय pollutants : This category includes ammonia गैसें independent गैसें hydrogen sulphide ozone and फोस्फीन .
Inhalation of considerable quantities of ammonia produces a spasm of the सांस and may even lead to death .
Many reports indicate that copper in about 2 parts per hundred million parts of water is fatal to बैक and similar species .
As metals are indestructible poisons their disposal into oceans over long periods may be highly dangerous affecting the production of atmospheric oxygen as well as marine life .
Electric generating plants nuclear power plants and other manufacturing units require large amounts of water for पानी .
The discharge of hot trade effluents from electricity generating stations may cause a temperature rise in several degrees .
About 80 per cent of the water that is required for industrial operations is used for cooling .
Nuclear power plants release 50 per cent of the heat generated to the water bodies .
शराब also discharge hot effluents at temperatures ranging between 60 - 80 C .
The effects of thermal pollution are mainly on aquatic animals particularly fish .
Obviously many square metres of arable lands have been laid waste .
The extent of sea - water intrusion is such that one cannot add milk to brew tea .
The milk turns sour as soon as it is added to water because of excess saline water .
The prime difference between other types of pollution and ground - water pollution is that once the ground - water is affected it cannot be cured it cannot be cured ; it is an भूमिगत damage .
While surface water बहा away the pollutants the latter cannot be flushed away from the ground - water .
As a result the effects of such pollution may continue indefinitely .
Pollutants in Oceans Many of us believe that the ocean is too vast to be polluted by man ' s activities .
While it was true some time ago it is not true now .
Many of the pollution problems that affect rivers and lakes also affect the estuaries and coastal zones where the land meets the sea .
The cumulative effects of pollutants affect oceans also .
It has to be pointed out that about 85 per cent of the pollution of the oceans has its origin in the land .
The ocean is the final where polluted rivers along with their water discharge pollutants.
Since ages the ocean had been the work - horse to consume all these pollutants and transform into various materials of its own eco - system .
But millions of tonnes of sewage and industrial effluents dumped every day into the sea have changed its nature of self - purification and led to endangering of myriads of life forms .
Thor . during his अटलांटिक expedition on the Ra II was aghast at the pollution in the middle of the Atlantic .
He saw dark brown lumps of tar - like material of the size of fine gravel in parts of the ocean .
He also found that the ocean water assumed a very dirty greyish green colour instead of clear blue leaving us with the impression of being inside a harbour amidst the outlet of city drains .
The coastal area and ocean surface get severely affected by oil तेल and oil चिकनाई .
This has been described in detail in the next chapter .
Plastic containers and other human wastes are also responsible for polluting the ocean .
Owing to the heavy discharge of effluents from the tanneries into river Palar once a prime drinking water source it has become a drain and is called चमडा river " .
About हेक्टेयर hectares of agriculture is no longer worth farming .
The problem is now aggravated by the conversion of ground - water to saline .
The distressing condition of river Yamuna cannot be simply explained in words .
Delhi generates about 20 million litres of sewage per day and nearly half of this quantity passes without any treatment through open drains to reach the Yamuna .
According to a report by the Central Pollution Control Board the water quality of the Yamuna upstream that is up to पीने is fit for drinking after treatment but after the confluence of प्रदूषण drain it gets heavily polluted and become highly polluted .
भारत water is responsible for two - thirds of India ' s diseases and sometimes becomes a epidemic of water .
In 1955 - 56 cases of jaundice were reported in Delhi : पीलिया in Bombay . in 1978 and about 310 deaths occurred in West Bengal during July 1990 .
It is reported that Bombay alone discharges about 18 million litres of untreated waste water ( sewage and industrial wastes ) daily to the Arabian Sea and the Thane Gulf the seashore becomes a dumping ground for solid wastes and industrial wastes .
For example metal अपशिष्ट once carried out by acids is now replaced by sand blasting in which no liquid effluent is produced .
For example only a small amount of पानी water that remains after the final washing of the textile is used in threads of first or second washing when the base content of the alkali is too high .
कचरे of , कचरे Often concentrated wastes that are normally low in volume are mingled with diluted wastes either for treatment or for disposal .
The concentrated wastes may be removed from the water to a great extent to prevent the pollution from being जल and the effluents can be used either in irrigation or in other sources of water .
The residue water from the tanneries processing industry may be treated with this method .
Setting up of Common Effluent Treatment उद्योग Small industries cannot afford treatment plants and they frequently discharge their effluents which can be seen stagnating near agricultural lands and on either sides of roads .
This crude disposal may be avoided by setting up a common effluent treatment plant where a cluster of industries are located.
Such common effluent treatment plants are coming up in Tamil Nadu at चमडा चमडा and चमडा where a large number of tanneries are located.
Bio - gas production - which we consider waste may soon be converted into property .
The blue whales ( which breed in the bay now came to the verge of extinction ) were starved as the oil - lamps in the sea had lost their food .
Most of the sea rocks of the जीवों ( which grow in plenty in sea grasses and marine जीवों which constitute the food of many marine organisms was also badly damaged .
Oil can also flow from a ship to the shore or from ship to ships .
Ships or oil from the oil terminal are not working properly .
Generally the spilt oil spreads into a circular patch very quickly but if the oil spill is large it tends to float in large ' islands separated by clean water .
The floating sheets of oil stretching for several kilometres affect the photosynthetic activity in the sea .
Since the oil is not easily biodegradable and remains as it is for long periods ( though a certain amount of light oil gets lost by steam ) some time later made tar balls .
In another natural process oil gets बूंदे and breaks down with sand and make tar balls .
Formation of tar balls poses a serious threat to marine life and marine birds .
As pointed out earlier dumping solid wastes spoils the beauty of cities and towns and causes health problems .
The प्रजनन of कूडे become breeding grounds for disease - carrying organisms like flies mosquitoes cockroaches rats and mice .
Reports indicate that a cubic metre of मक्खियां may bring about मक्खियां flies from a pile of ढेर .
The flies which carry pathogenic organisms cause diseases such as dysentery प्लेग दस्त प्लेग etc. which are carriers of insects and other living organisms causing plague as was recently witnessed in Surat in 1994 .
It is reported that about 25 human diseases are caused by solid waste .
The accumulation of solid waste is a mounting problem with no easy solution .
Unlike other types of pollution preventive measures cannot be adopted in this case .
Various solutions have been suggested for the disposal problem .
The present way of managing solid wastes is to collect the trash from various parts of the city and to remove it from the city where it is either burnt or dumped at one place .
It is reported that as soon as the bomb fell the people rushed out screaming and धक्का for water .
His skin started peeling off and killed nearly 70,000 people .
By the end of the year the toll rose to मरने .
Over the years the survivors have had to cope with diseases such as lung cancer cervical cancer cervical cancer cataract and diseases of the plasma cells invade the bone marrow and stop action .
Nuclear explosion tests not only release radioactive materials affecting the test sites but also the remote ones .
Man has been continually exposed to natural sources of radiation like cosmic radiations from outer space and sun ' s radiation .
Certain types of rocks and soils and radioactive gases also produce radiation .
Nuclear power plants no doubt help in the production of power .
At present about 17 per cent of the world ' s electricity is generated from nuclear sources .
Radiation therapy should be used only when absolutely necessary and still within the limits required .
Extreme care should be exercised in the disposal of radioactive wastes .
Nuclear power plants generate three types of wastes : low level high and low level .
So far the low - level wastes were further dried and dumped into the sea .
It is now buried at fixed disposal points .
फलस्वरूप mud is treated with chemicals and stored in large underground stainless steel tanks under ground .
High level wastes are liquid wastes which emit excessive radiations and cannot be released into the environment .
By evaporation they are concentrated and stored in double - walled stainless steel tanks with concrete walls .
Here these wastes are converted into solid blocks such as glass .
Despite rigorous monitoring and surveillance of radiation the safety of nuclear reactors is doubtful .
Nuclear scientists conclude that within safe limits use of nuclear reactors in the service of mankind should be continued with constant vigil so as to contain the विकिरण of radiation .
It is possible that by 2000 no one above the age of ten could hear normal . "
As yet we have been talking about various types of pollution caused by substances .
A strange kind of pollution which has come to light during the last two decades is noise pollution .
While the effects of other types of pollution are reversible the damage caused by noise is क्षति .
Since the speed of rain - water supply is immense the water - table does not get enough underground water to increase the groundwater .
The net result is drying up of streams lakes and ponds .
All these disasters lead to enormous losses poverty and suffering.
Besides aggravating poverty irreversible large - scale climatic changes occur. Drought hunger floods and misery become inevitable.
In the Nilgiri district of Tamil Nadu about भूक्षरण sq km has been affected by soil erosion .
The Eastern Ghats have also suffered destruction .
The mountain chain once covered by वनों forests has now become barren land .
Red Data Book ( containing records of birds and animals that are extinct ) indicates that 139 species of birds and 106 species of animals have already become extinct primarily due to destruction of forests .
Waste water after proper treatment can be used for agriculture and for growing water .
Most paper mills in India utilise the effluents for raising paddy sugarcane etc. .
औद्योगिक of industrial wastes and solid wastes to useful materials is slowly gaining significance .
As our natural resources are dwindling fast enough we have to tap alternative sources of energy .
For example electricity can be generated from wind energy which incurs negligible operation costs and is environment loss .
Bio - gas plants may be installed instead of burning wood or coal for domestic fuel in the rural areas to ensure regular supply of houses by providing a combined unit of smoke such as ' घरों ' and ' lodging ' .
As stated earlier about 80 per cent of pollution is caused by the affluent countries who constitute only 25 per cent of the world but the rest 75 per cent of the world have to pay its price .
It is high time they can alter their lifestyle to make the world free .
She could wield the bow with her hands but not with her eyes.
While she was chasing a deer in the forest dressed in man ' s hunting costume she saw a man lying in the road .
She asked him आवेश to move aside but he did not care.
होकर she pricked him with the sharp end of her arrow .
For the first time in my life I felt myself a woman and knew that a man stood before me .
He asked the man who you are ?
" I am Arjuna of the great Kuru clan he said .
The princess was stunned.
He stood before him a mighty warrior whom every damsel of the age worshipped in his dream .
Once a young teacher a new शांतिनिकेतन at Santiniketan asked him bluntly : " You talk so much of God how many of these things have come to you as direct information ? "
After a moment of silence he said without any change " I can very well believe that I have experienced his presence on many occasions when I sing with great emotion and a new mood . "
Many of these songs bear witness to the current crisis in his mind and the fluctuating moods he was passing through which he was now of elation now of a vague अस्थिर .
“If the heart were not meant to love then why would you fill the morning sky with the songs of the ढेर why this profusion of flowers wonder why these whispers in their हवा
The poet knows that he must be caught more and more in the turmoil of the work he asks in his उलाहना words : " If you need to bind the future it is not my own fine beauty ?
" I was going along my lonely path when the light in my hand went out .
Suddenly the sharp storm suddenly झंझा me into the deep dark and it is my sole companion now .
I have lost my known path and stumble ; I am ignorant of how long this night will find its dawn . "
At first he was happy and felt as though he was till now living on half the rations .
But an uneasiness crept over him followed by a vague but intense agony a premonition that a great disaster was about to overtake the world he loved so much .
There were no menacing clouds in the political horizon and as the sudden Great War broke out in August .
How they could see the arrival is difficult to explain .
To feel this and to go entirely through the letters he had written during this period and it was confirmed by the witnesses of those who had been with him during that period or had been informed by him .
He wrote to Andrews : " God knows it is the sting of the terrible human heart . "
Later when the play was staged in 1921 in the presence of the dramatist one of the crew पडऋता out in English and said रवीन्द्रनाथ was saying that the old man was coming from the East .
Soon after writing the हुई Tagore had his first meeting with Gandhi in March 1915 .
Having done his work and won the war in South Africa Gandhi had returned to his country but had not yet made up his mind what he was going to do and where he was going to live .
He had earlier disbanded his Phoenix colony and school in South Africa and had sent the boys about twenty to India .
Andrews who was the link between the two great men had suggested that the boys might be kept at Santiniketan until Gandhi came and made his own arrangements for an asrama of his own.
He was well here and Tagore fell in love with Gandhi ' s children as his own .
He found these children ' s darling ' and ' एंड्रयूज ' but as he wrote in one of his letters to Andrews as he had desired these children were not totally ' worthy ' .
Although Gandhi stayed for hardly a week in Santiniketan and had not yet become Mahatma Gandhi the years to come under simple popular spell cast a spell on the people his personality left a permanent impress of Santiniketan .
Before he came here Tagore was not present here .
He was a lover of God : He saw the sky and the Mahatma could not see it .
These two faces of modern India one rugged one chiselled both equally luminous represent two aspects of Indian sadhana or realisation of life ' s truth .
Few men like the English C . F . Andrews who felt their inclusive effect deeply and understood their inner relationship and dialogue .
To quote him who he had seen from the two : " I had not met in my life any person other than Tagore who was pleased with friendship mutual understanding and spiritual sympathy .
To be with him , as he was with him in some creative work is a privilege which it is difficult to express in words .
Indeed it is the greatest privilege of my life .
Side by side with the friendship with the poet I have had the supreme happiness of a second personal friendship with Mahatma Gandhi .
His marvellous spiritual genius has appealed to me in a very different way .
He treated them as friendly neighbours across the border among whom he could spread his message through his southern प्रशासकों .
The rock - cut cave - temple structures and viharas near the ones in Bihar commissioned by the चट्टानों उत्खनन of the rock - cut अशोक were built by Emperor Ashoka and by his efforts the tradition was to strike the west and the Deccan stone .
They have been built originally of bricks but have been used with stones for stability .
Such associations of स्तूप sites and stupa sites are numerous in the Deccan Andhra and north Mysore areas roughly जडें with the southern tracts of the Mauryan empire or the regions where Buddhism among the north Indian religions and Buddhism spread .
This perhaps gave rise to the cult of the worship and reverence of the stupa which is essentially लोगों in content as well as by association.
It had become quite easy in this area and because of its abundance in the great stone structures here .
But contemporary literature speaks of Buddhism along with Hinduism and Jainism and Buddhism though they were more prevalent in North India .
Up to the first संप्रदाय मैसूर may have been referred to as the Jains ; Jainism had by then been mainly of the non - Aryan influences and had deep hold in the southern parts of Mysore and the Mysore country .
At several points of time they were offered food cooked to the dead bodies exposed to the worship of the pillars set in their memory and the offering of food and drink in heaps or पशुओं offered to them were offered .
People believed that the deceased became the Stone block and God appeared in them and this kind of reference was made to the literary works .
It is a carved slab of चूने limestone of about the fourth century .
It was probably originally installed in a temple where it was worshipped .
Recent excavations in the जिले temple in सीमावर्ती on the border of आंध्र Tamil and Andhra Pradesh suggest that in the second century BC both the linga and the back were of पत्थर stone and the पूजा shrines where they were originally worshipped .
The इमारतों temple where such platforms cult objects symbols and images of the sanctum sanctorum of the थी temple was in keeping with the architectural plan and style of the buildings .
The only difference was that the body was made of costly materials like हाते sticks strong wood etc . and the plaster was also good and the kind of painting and carving was made of decorative types .
None of these temples is available today in Tamil Nadu though the word - pictures of such मंदिरों and दुतल्ले are found in Tamil Sangam literature .
Evidently these names indicate the plan and style of those structures
Had their temples survived they too would not have differed much in form from the Hindu or Jain temples .
These simple shrines replicas of contemporary secular dwellings were square oblong circular elliptical and apsidal structures often hexagonal or octagonal in shape and were built of timber and bricks .
The religious and secular structures of this type are indicated in the bas - relief sculptures of bas - relief sculptures such as अमरावती and Sanchi in the north and Amaravati and और in the south .
They have already been indicated as being plans in the representation of tree - temples or चैत्यों - chaityas Buddhist stupas and Bodhi - बौद्ध in Tamil .
The roof of these rectangular structures is found on a point ( छत ) the ceiling of circular or octagonal buildings ( छत ) the roofs of rectangular structures and sometimes also सोने as in the case of सोने .
The front view of the apsidal structures is noted in many carved panels .
The evidences of literary accounts and sculptures and those of some of the excavated ones from the wall of नागार्जुनकोंडा the temple of Nagarjunakonda and पश्चिम and the west clockwise and Andhra of the छत show that the roof - based structures were built upon roofs .
Often the brick - built temples had an internal pillar ; the roof supporting the roof made up of its beams .
The whole structure was often built over a solid masonry platform or adhishthana.
The apsidal चैत्य chaitya ( second century AD ) is wholly brick - built.
The figure in the inscription on the ध्वजस्तंभ temple of the आराध्य temple in the आराध्य temple referred to as Mahadeva का का .
The icon of the स्वामी was of wood eight - armed with an inscription on the pedestal that it was founded in A. D. पत्थर .
The inscription on a conch से found at the same site also bears the same name .
This temple is built of large - sized bricks without numerous external pilaster markings on its wall except at the two front ends which are not original.
It was probably of the time of Vishnu - worship and was dedicated to the Buddha .
The खुरदरी or खुरदरी of plaster was necessary for these works as their structure was rough so much less finished .
Further embellishments came by way of rich paintings of which we have many extant as the many celebrated paintings of Ajanta.
This caught on quickly and in the last four centuries of the millennium a large number of such temples had been created all over the south from the Deccan to the Deccan near the Deccan .
Incidentally they are in much greater numbers than similar excavations in the north .
It is a curious fact that these rock - cut or stone - built temples of the period though created by great kings or with their patronage were almost totally ignored by the contemporary राजाओं .
This was perhaps because they were innovations that avoided the use of traditional materials of architecture and sculpture and as such प्रतिकूल against the cult .
Evidently it took them time to become acceptable .
The work done in the पत्थरों temples of the Pallava and the other rulers of the region. of the region. of the Kerala area is much more than in hard stone as the Chalukyas the में and the Deccan counterpart of the Deccan and Andhra .
The Pallava cave - temples form a more coherent series and as such can be considered first .
The गुफा - गुफा cave - temples of Mahendra या ; the बरामदे cave - temples of सन have बरामदे or more shrine - cells cut into the rear or side walls of the verandah or hall .
Thus one or more shrine - cells at the southern or पश्चिम mandapas are often cut into the lateral walls of the lateral mandapas with one or more shrine - cells cut into the rear wall of the mandapa in the east or west oral mandapas .
They were also designed as all rock - cut architecture in such a way that they could represent the entire aspects of the " structural buildings " which were followed in them .
The cave - temples excavated by Mahendra are authenticated by his own inscriptions which are very often single उपाधियों verses or strings of his titles .
The number of such temples is ten .
The so - called Mahendra Temple at विष्णु dedicated to the को temple at मुस्लिम and the so - called पांडव cave - temple is now dedicated to the मुस्लिम cave - temple at मुस्लिम : and cave - temple at मुस्लिम - के near the मुस्लिम cave - temple .
All of them are located close to the Pallava capital of Kanchi and the port town of Mahabalipuram में the Pallava home गृह ( the गृह of modern Madras ) in the North Arcot and South Arcot district .
The चट्टान - griha or the upper rock - cut cave - temple at Tiruchirapalli is the solitary one farthest from the capital situated in the तट on the bank of the Kaveri up to which boundary तक inherited the kingdom from his father Singh Vishnu .
This cave - temple is the only example excavated near the summit of the hills while the rest are nearer to the base of the hills .
The unfinished rock - cut cave - temples at अरकॉट ( North Arcot district and अरकॉट ( South Arcot district ) would also on stylistic grounds belong to the Mahendra style .
The facade is longer with four six or eight equally - spaced pillars between the extreme pilasters and with three हैं five or seven shrine - cells .
The pillars are all square in section at the के base of a short height and the middle with the के octagonal in a third of its height .
They have curved होते with corbels or पार्श्वों sometimes with the faces carved as a series of rolls the पार्श्वों with a median flat series .
A massive beam is cut over the टोडों but there is no well - known cornice projection or kapota the चट्टान it works out of the rock .
In the earliest cave - temple where the गुफा for the trinity the गुफा Siva and Vishnu the ताकों niches cut deep into the rear wall the मंडप dvarapalas are found on either side of the facade of the mandapa .
The मंडप at मंडप the Vishnu cave - temple of मंडप and के and the cave - temple at Siyamangalam are examples of cave - temples with a single shrine - cell cut into the hind wall of the mandapa .
The गुफा of गुफा and the कलमंदकम cave - temples at करूंगानिलमुत्तम are examples of the three shrine - cells as at मंडगपट्टु .
The shrine on the side walls of the ardha - and mukha - mandapas standing on the rear side are two additional cells : the three shrines built on the rear wall standing on top of the sanctum with five shrine - cells as also the में cave - temple .
The similar unfinished " cave - temple with four pillars and two pilasters on the facade and in the hind row would indicate five shrine - cells on the rear wall .
Thus the number and disposition of shrines on the rear wall would correspond to the pillars of the mandapa in front each shrine - opening coming in between two equally - spaced pillars or a pillar and a pilasters .
This along with the equal inter - बौद्ध would contrast with the arrangement of the wider central nave and the narrow lateral aisles of the earlier Buddhist examples followed by the contemporary and later examples of the Chalukya - Rashtrakuta series.
The facades as well as the shrines of the विष्णु , , . . and the Vishnu cave - temples of वसंतेश्वरम and सियामंगलम face almost east while those at Mandagappattu के and Siyamangalam face almost west.
The मंडप is the only example in the series where the mandapa facade and the shrine - cells face south.
The गुफा and गुफा cave - temples at मंडप are examples with the mandapa facing south and the shrine - cells cut into the rear में in the eastern wall and the western one gradually दीवार into the west and east .
In the फर्श cave - temple the larger mandapa with a single row of pillars and pilaster on the facade indicates an inner division of the front and rear portions of the mandapa by a difference in the floor level .
It is also rock - cut and stands on the floor of the ardha - mandapa on a distinct plinth at a still higher level .
In the case of the Tiruchirapalli cave - temple the भित्तिस्तभों is cut an inner row of pillars and pilasters very close to the hind wall with a narrow passage in between it and the wall .
The cell on the east faces west into the front part of the , mandapa between the inner and outer rows of pillars .
This is a feature not quite Pallava but rather reminiscent of the cave - temples of the Pandyan country for example the one at के - पांड्य .
Incidentally the तिरूचिरापल्ली गुफा cave - temple of Tiruchirapalli is the southernmost Pallava cave - temple nearer to the borders of Pandya territory .
The Siyamangalam cave - temple has small relief panels of sculpture on top of the pilasters .
The shrine - cells or garbha - गृह in all these cases are empty and do not contain either a rock - cut linga or linga - pitha as is common in the Pandya Muttaraiyar and Chalukyan cave - temples .
The Siyamangalam cave - temple is unique even otherwise in having small sculpture panels on top of the facade pillars and pilasters .
The two panels on top of the two pilasters depict respectively a dancing form of Siva or Shiva : perhaps the earliest बैल in Pallava sculptures and the " बैल " standing with a bull in the background .
Mahendra ' son . Mamalla ( 630 ) and his immediate successors . ( 668 ) . ( 672 - 700 ) . ( राजसिंह - 700 ) and गुफा ( राजसिंह - गुफा ( c - RRB - ( the period started by Mahendra ) .
The गुफा and गुफा cave - temples are dedicated to Vishnu the दुर्गा mandapam to Durga and the rest to Siva .
While none of the Siva cave - temples contain a rock - cut linga the two Vishnu cave - temples have in the sanctum stucco figures of the deities now आधुनिकीकरण .
The मंडपम mandapam of Durga has no sculpture of Durga inside the sanctum though the dedication is indicated by the female द्वारपालिकाओं on either side of the sanctum entrance as also by the name of the temple .
The मंडपम mandapam of Rajasimha the last of the series alone contains a bas - relief panel of Siva as Somaskanda with Uma and Skanda sitting beside him and Brahma and Vishnu standing on either side of the group behind them .
Two more such Somaskanda reliefs are found carved on the rear wall of the mandapa on either side of the shrine entrance .
It would appear that while . I broke the tradition of the wooden and brick - and - mortar temples and excavated temples in stone he could not go far enough to change the traditional material of the main deity in the sanctum .
This had to wait for a few decades till the time of गर्भगृह I in the last quarter of the seventh century while among other innovations the carving of the principal deity as carvings on the rear wall of the cella .
In Rajasimha ' s cave - temple the गुफा mandapam a black polished लिंग or sixteen - sided stone linga ( लिंग ) also came to be planted on the floor of the sanctum in front of the Somaskanda relief on the hind wall .
This indicated the commencement in the Pallava territory with the installation of the formless linga to represent Shiva .
The space between them is equal but more broad .
The kapota over the facade is still an चट्टानी projecting rock - ledge over the beam.
The only example with triple shrine - cells is the Dharmaraja mandapam or गुफा Pallava ' s cave temple where the two lateral shrine - cells are simple excavations which are perhaps later additions without definite shrine front as is found in the case of the main central cell .
All these cave - temples have only two pillars and two pilasters on the mandapa facade and a similar set behind inside the mandapa wherever there is such a demarcation of ardha - and mukha - mandapas as the Ranganathan cave - temple the रंगनाथ mandapam and Dharmaraja mandapam .
The pillars have pillars at the top and the बीच in between pilasters and the बीच while the pilasters are बीच like a single exception in the cave - temples of रंगनाथ an exception forming the भित्तिस्तंभ cave - temple with pillars as much as the pillars .
This cave - temple is the only example in this series which has an outer pair of dvarapalas at either side of the mandapa facade .
The inner pair flanking the shrine entrance is in common with the rest of the temples .
In the मंडपम mandapam however there are relief sculptures of standing Brahma and Vishnu on the rear wall one on either side of the shrine entrance and beyond the open dvarapalas.
In the cave - temple as at Siyamangalam there are small panel reliefs of two female devotees on top of the pilasters of the inner row .
The last series of Pallava temples dated after AD सन् are small and less important .
They mark the decadent phase of this type of rock architecture in शैल .
The cell contains on its hind wall a flat bas - relief of standing Vishnu .
This and almost similar excavation both below the larger Mahendra cave - temple are rather feeble attempts considering the fact that they are rather crude small in size and shallow .
The Mahendra - style cave - temple the great son of Mahendra and the गुफा
This was in addition to his unique invention of the पल्लव with almost entirely cut - out monolithic temple forms . or vimanas the so - called rathas and some open air bas - relief compositions of considerable size and superb quality all confined to the great Pallava city of महाबलीपुरम or Mahabalipuram.
These ornate cave - temples that Mamalla initiated were mostly completed in stages by his immediate successors for two generations who also created some more buildings in the same style and at the same place .
The mandapa facade has a fully represented prastara which constitutes all the architectural parts coming over the beam including the beam ( b ) as against it in the Mahendra - style cave - temples .
The prastara is fully finished with a flexed kapota or an eaves - like cornice projection decorated by horseshoe - shaped kudu कुदु .
This contains bas - relief Jain तीर्थंकरों sculptures on the hind wall of the shrine and in the niches on the lateral walls of the mandapa in front .
The cave - temples in which there are shrines on any side of the mandapa are cave - cells may be referred to the southern cave - temple at मंडप . ( Tirunelveli district ) at the southern side of the rock at Siva cave - temple and मंडप .
In the case of some cave - temples the Siva cave - temple at मंडप - मलैयादिप्पट्टी the Siva cave - temple at जिला - पिलैयारपट्टी and the अनुकृति ( जिला ) inside the cave - temple at जिला with a large section of the sanctum enclosing two projected in front mandapas on the अनुकृति mandapam .
Such a plan is not to be found commonly in the Pallava examples except in the case of the Pancha Pandava mandapam of Mahabalipuram and the unfinished Cave - temple IV at महाबलीपुरम .
The cave - temple at लिंग in Kerala is a large excavation of a square chamber with a linga at the centre .
It has also a third shrine cut into the rear wall of the two thus excavated into either side of the मंडपम mandapam .
While the mandapa - type facade pillar with a cubical base and top and an octagonal belt in between is the general rule में as in the Mahendra - style cave - temples the मंडप are often found in गुफा .
For example in the Malai - में at के capital components like the हैं kumbha etc . are cut at the top of the columns of the facade .
'They are Ganesa the सप्तमातृका the Saptamatrika and और .
The Ganesa and the Saptamatrika cults would thus appear to have come into the far south from the Chalukyan area through the Ganga region before they penetrated the पल्लवों of the Pallavas.
These two are not to be seen in the Pallava temples till they make their first appearance in the structural temples of Rajasimha Pallava ( 700 - कैलासनाथ ) as in the Kailasanatha at Kanchi for example कांची .
In the far south are . . . . ( गुफा . . ) ; . ( the southern cave - temple ) . . ( शिव गुफा ) में ( गुफा गुफा तिरूचिरापल्ली ( गुफा गुफा ) तिरूचिरापल्ली ( गुफा गुफा . and गुफा ( गुफा ) गुफा .
The Saptamatrika group is met with in the cave - temples at , Malai - , , के के के and कुन्नतुर .
While many of the cave - temples dedicated to Siva have a rock - cut linga with a pitha in the shrine there are others where the iconic forms of Siva are represented as bas - reliefs on the rear wall of the sanctum .
The sanctum floor often has a small pit or a pit below the projected channel - spout on the top of the linga - pitha carrying the जल water and the जल water .
This feature is unknown in the Pallava temples whether cave - temples monolithic or structural but is found in the Chalukyan area and in the far - off temples of the जावा valley in Java ( Indonesia ) .
The Chalukyas and the Rashtrakuta cave - temples of the Deccan between the sixth century A. D. and the Rashtrakutas in the middle of the eighth century leaving them most of the later Chalukyas of गुफा and the northern ताप्ती regions of the ताप्ती
The Chalukyas of के were a collateral line that had independently started ruling the Andhra coast from the commencement of the seventh century under Kubja . the intrepid brother of Pulakesin II and continued throughout the period .
The cave - temples are to be found at Badami ऐहोल Aihole . एलोरा Ellora . Elephanta जोगेश्वरी Poona जोगेश्वरी जोगेश्वरी जोगेश्वरी पूना पूना पूना गोवा गोवा गोवा गोवा गोवा उंदवल्ली उंदवल्ली उंदवल्ली उंदवल्ली उंदवल्ली एलोरा एलोरा and भैरवकोंडा .
All these dynasties chose the local type of rock - type vimanas as in बालुकाश्म Aihole and many other places in sandstone ( तट ) बंबई on the extreme west coast of बंबई ( बंबई ) बंबई near Bombay Poona and दक्कन in the Deccan .
In spite of their Chalukyan affinities as mentioned earlier the Western Gangas made a deviation from it and excavated into the hard local granite as at मेलकोट ( Mysore ) .
The eastern branch of the Chalukyan that ruled from the शासन - tion of the Chalukyas had in spite of the excavations in the चट्टानों soft rocks observed in their cave - temples a different system and design was introduced with the Pallava संबद्धताओं in Tamil Nadu or north Tamil Nadu .
The Chalukya - Rashtrakuta domination of the areas to the west resulted in the upper Deccan affiliations becoming quite distinct from what obtained in the lower Deccan thus exhibiting two regional idioms .
The skills and traditions that had prevailed for more than eight centuries among the local guilds of craftsmen thus continued in the generations that took up Hindu and Jain rock architecture and cave art .
These can be reached by a natural incline in front with steps.
The earliest and largest one is Cave III excavated by विष्णु in AD विष्णु and dedicated to Vishnu .
It is cut at the most commanding height visible from the valley in front .
There are no Vaishnava friezes on the ceiling in the front mandapa of Siva Cave I ; while they are present in the earlier Caves II and III which are वैष्णव .
The Jain cave - temple of a still later date is replete with Jain sculptures and उत्कीर्णनों while the other three are noted for some of their bold wall sculptures mostly subsequent additions .
With regard to idol उत्खनन the early गुफा - LRB - Badami - RRB - cave - LRB - के - RRB - it has been demonstrated by ( A. D. ) and post - गुफा that the गुफा ( excavations - RRB - are almost post - गुफा by the cave - गुफा ; they are mostly inscribed on the Pallava गुफा ( excavations ( excavations ( Caves in the sculptures in the cave - गुफा ( excavations ) on the sculptures of मामल्ल ( excavations ( Caves in Caves ( p . by मामल्ल Caves ( p .
Of the two rock - cut cave - temples at Aihole ( Bijapur district ) one of them is dedicated to Siva dating about AD 700 the other one of a slightly later Jain temple .
Both are excavated into the low sandstone बालुकाश्म and mark the latest of the early Chalukyan or Western Chalukyan series in their home districts .
In front of the shrine there is an inner आंतरिक - mandapa between two rows of four pillars each forming part of the circumambulatory passage round the shrine .
On the southern side of this court a smaller shrine for Durga is excavated into the आंगन .
There is a small cave - temple of Siva with a square shrine with a mandapa in front .
This cave - temple may have been built in the middle of the third quarter of the seventh century ; while Ellora Cave 29 ( मध्यकाल ) is a very large copy of this which must be considered at the beginning of the last quarter of the century .
The जोगेश्वरी cave - temple in जोगेश्वरी near Bombay which is excavated into an almost underground low trap उत्खनित is larger in area than the Elephanta cave but is essentially of the same kind .
के on three sides all round a marked area into the rock उत्खनन isolated a large rectangular mass on which the उत्खनन for the excavation were raised .
At the eastern and longer end a gateway or मंडप is carved with a central passage or passage flanking mandapas on either side one of them is installed में .
The प्रांगण leads into an open court and the eastern facade which is an agra - mandapa with a higher floor - level front .
The main part of the temple beyond consists of a square का shrine surrounded by a pillared cloister with six pillars on each side counting the पार्श्व corner .
This is surrounded again by an outer फर्श cloister or mandapa with a lower floor - level enclosed by the rock walls on all sides except for an entrance each on the east and the west and for three on the south .
On the western side there is another agra - mandapa similar to the one on the south - east with the front mandapa leading out and forward from a tunnel to the road .
On the southern side the main mandapa begins with its three entrance in which the Arbitrator is a magnificent doorway round the entrance and two flanking the one on either side may be in the open only one line of the southern pillars one in the facade .
Outside this is a narrow open court .
The rock wall beyond has incomplete or abandoned excavations of the चट्टानी a smaller shape of which the उत्खनन of the extreme end is dedicated to Siva .
The original dedication of the main sanctum was to Siva though the temple now enshrines a modern idol of the deity .
The गुफा ( or या ) cave on महाराज Maharaj Road in Poona is cut into a low trap rock and it is unique that it has three shrines with common प्रदक्षिणा round it a circular front pavilion for Nandi and a side shrine for Durga .
The three shrine - cells were perhaps dedicated to the Hindu trinity the central one to Siva and the lateral ones to Brahma and Vishnu .
All these features would point to the second half of the eighth century as its date in the Rashtrakuta period .
The group of two adjacent cave - temples at गोवा in Goa is a rare instance of excavation into the local उत्खनन of the west coast overlooking a river .
One of them the लिंग southern cave - temple is a triple - celled unit ; each with a linga mounted on a rock - cut pitha .
The linga ' symbolic aspects differ from one another and represent three different gods .
The central linga is the normal Chalukyan - type शिवलिंग ; in the southern cella a linga shaft surmounted by a solar disc representing Surya or the sun - god with an inscription below the disc specifically mentioning it as a Surya form .
The linga shaft in the northern cell is surmounted by a flat spear - head or " power " indicate that it represents Kumara or Kartikeya .
The most outstanding feature of the rock - cut cave art has been from the Buddhist times the dominance of sculpture over architecture .
This was mainly due to the softness of the stone material and the urge to exploit spaces as on the whole results of the large - scale paintings at Ajanta एलोरा Ellora and Badami .
The different god - forms sculptured are depicted often in the narrative or brief हुआ .
They vary in size from very large - sized individual figures as the dvarapalas Mahesamurti etc. to almost the size of उत्कीर्णनों .
Though the linga - linga with a symbolic linga of Siva is not तराशा - लिंग in the early stages of the Pallava cave - temple . but these are not तराशा together with the structural forms of the Pallava sequence which are later identified .
But in the north of the Tamil country in the Chalukya - Rashtrakuta cave - temples the presence of the rock - cut linga - pitha though not always along with the linga on it would suggest a continuity of the earlier prevailing trends in the region .
They closely associated with the founding fathers of पाशुपत - Pashupatha ( लिंग ) in the early days of the तमिलनाडु and refer to the gradual expansion of the southern and linga cult in the centuries beginning of the eighth century in Tamil Nadu .
The iconographic forms noticed in the Badami group include among Vaishnava forms : Varaha में Narasimha . Narasimha . Anantasayin कृष्णलीला कृष्णलीला कृष्णलीला Vishnu and Vaishnavite legends and legends in कृष्णलीला .
The Siva forms are tandava के Harihara and के .
Among the others are Ganesa Kartikeya महिषमर्दिनी Durga and Mahishamardini .
At Aihole ( या or निधियां ) we have Varaha वराह Harihara . गंगाधर गंगाधर गंगाधर Shiva : गंगाधर the Saptamatrika महिषमर्दिनी and two funds .
The एलोरा at Ellora depicts also the एलोरा or six - fold cult of Surya Vishnu के Siva Kartikeya Ganesa and Durga .
The mandapa facade has on top a fully formed kapota with पर as in the Mamalla - style cave - temples of the Pallavas.
The pillars are square in section and of the Chalukyan pattern as found in the cave - temples on the banks of the Krishna .
In some the pillars have lion . on top and are also lion - और with capital components above as in the Mamalla - style cave - temples .
The shrine entrances are plain and without any over - doors .
The composite features and other features coupled with the bas - relief sculptures of Brahma and Vishnu in the mandapa the provisions for the linga in the sanctum and the presence and rock - cut Nandi displayed in the middle and reveal their non - sectarian origin .
They are in fact large architectural models carved out of the महाबलीपुरम masses of standing rocks of Mahabalipuram or out of the total corpus of hard granite पट्टिताश्म .
The germ of the idea of cutting out an entire temple form lies in the carved - out stupas inside the rock - cut chaitya halls of western India .
The idea was further elaborated by the Buddhists in the large hypaethral stupa forms at विशाखापट्टनम Visakhapatnam district Andhra Pradesh .
The " विमान " or more storeys ( comparable to sixteen ) mentioned in the " Silpa " texts " .
In this connection the great Brihadisvara vimana of Thanjavur is the periodic विमान of over 60 metres .
The most characteristic and general feature of the " vimana " of the south is the prastara on its periphery and a miniature shrine - like shrines on top of the " structures or " हर्म्य of the next tala " .
They are Nandis or में in Siva temples lions in Devi ; विष्णु Vishnu or Jain temples ; में in Vishnu temples and so on .
This became an invariable feature of the southern temples from this period .
Thus the communal identity of a temple and the type of सांप्रदायिक the image of the वाहनों can be seen from a distance by observing the " वाहनों " or the " वाहनों " on the topmost tala .
According to the नागर - sided polygonal or नागर southern vimanas are classified in the southern Silpa and Agama texts as Nagara विमानों and वेसर .
That which is hexagonal or octagonal from the base to the finial or has a hexagonal or octagonal griva and sikhara is termed , Dravidian .
They are called विमान since they are smaller than similar projections from the sides of the main griva sikhara part of the vimana which are the maha nasikas and originally functioned as वातायन .
It can be seen that the ham in most of the cave - temples of Mamalla - style is only a piece of rectangular लडी and at the ends of each line called the कोनों - karnakutas at the corners and for the first time found in the Pandavas cave - temples .
The karnakutas again at each side and at the corners are found in the same शाला ( शाला ) ; the third element of the hara पंजर or skeleton ) which appears only in the second round of the Dharmaraja ratha and the second at the top of the धर्मराज .
Though this has not been repeated in the structural aspect of the structural vimanas of the Chalukyas and the Chalukyas of विमानों and the Pallavas the विमानों appears as an invariable constituent of the larger castes and main vimanas from the eighth century to the eighth century .
The ham may stand apart from the central हर्म्य of the tala that it surrounds leaving a narrow circumambulatory passage in between as in the Dharmaraja ratha where all the talas are intended to be dedicated .
It was possible in the case of such vimanas that the sanctum sanctorum of the cage was surrounded by a double wall at the same time with a circumambulatory passage between the two walls at which the inner wall would rise to such heights .
Though some of these aircraft are constructed after विमान and subsequent विमानों the overall expansion of the scheme in all cases of the main class the क्षेत्रफल and the अपरिष्कृत - विमान complex of height are the first large विमान in height .
A third variant would be the one with the addition of a flexed kapota or cornice below the पट्टिका area .
A कमल or कुमुद can also be placed over a series of lotus petals shown as spread over the कमल .
While the unitary type of the southern temple in its simplest form consisted merely of the vimana proper enclosing the garbha - griha with a porch - like antarala or ardha - mandapa with the growth of the Agama and rituals elaboration .
The mandapas the maha - mandapa like the maha - mandapa mukha - mandapas agra - mandapas agra - mandapas agra - mandapas agra - mandapas agra - mandapas agra - mandapas etc . were also added बाह्य and soon outer circumference also to be constructed .
The mandapas of the southern temples are all flat - roofed however long or large they may be .
Occasionally one finds them slopy - roofed if the local climatic conditions so demand as for instance on the west coast and the extreme tip of the Peninsula .
This is in sharp contrast to what obtains in the northern prasada temples of Gujarat - Gujarat Orissa or central India .
The pillars are invariably found rising or tiered superstructures terminating in a finial over the roofs of the mandapa in the axial or transverse line of the main prasada the superstructures being of the उठती type or its simplified pitha - pitha .
The two bas - relief replicas in miniature on either flank of the facade of the Ramanuja mandapa cave - temple are likewise ekatala Nagara forms but with their cella empty .
Their adhishthana stands over a larger moulded platform the upa - pitha called विमान which often integrated into the design ( design ) to increase the height of the vimana .
A similar bas - relief miniature of an ekatala vimana of a hexagonal section from base to apex is depicted inside the front sikhara arch of the apsidal सहदेव - Sahadeva रथ .
This with a uniform polygonal plan from base to apex would conform to the pure Dravida class of southern vimanas as described in the texts .
The representation of the simple dvitala or pure multi - storeyed vimanas that look the विमानों and the column representing structures from base to top.
The विमान cave - temple at Mahabalipuram is different from the rock - cut type गुफा type of rock - cut cave - temples which contains a bas - relief of three attached units not only the front mandapa component of the front mandapa section of the temple .
The entrances of the three vimana fronts are guarded by appropriate विमानों figures carved inside the niches .
It is inside a niche dedicated to an adhishthana akin to the भीतर temple with an umbrella .
The five rathas at the southern end of Mahabalipuram comprise a group by themselves .
Of these the Draupadi व्हेल Arjuna . Bhima and Dharmaraja rathas standing in a line are cut out of a single whale - back rock extending north - south and severed into three convenient sections.
The northernmost section of lesser height has been utilized for cutting out the shorter Draupadi ratha and the storeyed Arjuna ratha with a common platform or upa - pitha for both below their separate रथों .
The fifth chariot - Sahadeva के the northern or apsidal structure of द्रौपदी - गज or गज both of them are cut out of another small rock called Draupadi and Arjun rathas lying in front west of the Draupadi and Arjuna rathas .
The central portion of the rock between the two rathas is retained ; but the recumbent Nandi facing is carved out as a large sculpture of a recumbent Nandi .
They are replicas of ekatala Nagara vimanas square in section from base to apex .
The much damaged remains of a monolithic vimana are to be found in के in front of the upper cave - temple of the के विमान - विमान group .
The shrines of the apsidal brick - temple at जिला ( जिला ) in जिला district are found to contain a number of miniature shrine models monolithic in character के ( evidently ) .
They recall similar models found in the temple precincts at पडोसी आलमपुर and आलमपुर in the neighbouring district of आलमपुर .
While the contemporary Western Chalukyas of Badami those who were making progress in the construction of structural stone temples the Pallavas ' style of cut - out rocks and the Rashtrakutas who soon discovered it in the form of the sanctum sanctorum of the great Chalukyas .
The creation of Rashtrakuta Krishna I ( राष्ट्रकूट ) is in a way unique .
In a पहाडी Hills in a chosen area in all directions the rock is laid down to the top and the oblong central group ( about के metres ) separated by a narrow gulf that followed the entrance of the equally rectangular cavity .
The large mass of rock - forming प्रांगण later than on this side was good enough for cutting out the complexes of the main vimana and its axial mandapas all of them now built over two tall and thick open pillars on each side in front .
The forecourt on the front measuring प्रमाप x हैं was cut wider than on the sides and it is on the two sides of this that the two monolithic free - standing pillars are found carved.
The much narrower transversely oblong mass in front afforded the material for the carving out of a front gopura entrance . with the two wings of prakara walls .
The gopura is double - storeyed with a sala sikhara on top and a passage cut through its lower part to provide access to the forecourt in front and the circumambulatory passage round the base of the main vimana complex .
The upper storey is connected with the floor of the Nandi - mandapa .
Likewise it was conceived as a two - storeyed structure with the lower storey solid and अनुप्रयोज्य designed for an elevated platform despite the external markings of all the architectural features of the aditala .
The main part of the temple beyond consists essentially of a vimana containing the sanctum with an विमान antarala or ardha - mandapa and a closed maha - mandapa है in front .
The whole axial series is raised over a highly ornate plinth with the apex platform carved over the अग्रभागों the fronts of the अग्रभागों elephants the और lion the और and other mythological animals .
Behind this on the hill are the remains of an unfinished sala - type edifice monolithic likewise and akin to the Bhima and Ganesa rathas of the Pallavas.
The monolithic Nandi - mandapa in front of Cave 15 at Ellora with an inscription of Rashtrakuta राष्ट्रकूट is perhaps a slightly earlier carved - out एकाश्मक in this area .
The smaller and much later Jain विमान version of the Kailasa vimana also of the Rashtrakuta period at Ellora is popularly called the Chota Kailasa .
There is another chaumukh standing in the forecourt of Cave 33 .
The प्रस्तर is placed at the centre of the sanctum floor and is visible through the doors from all four sides .
The Chota Kailasa stands farther away .
As against these Pallava and Rashtrakuta creations the contribution by the contemporary Pandyas of the far south to this series is the exquisitely carved राष्ट्रकूटों जिले at तिरूनेलवेली Tirunelveli district .
It can be dated about AD 800 if not slightly earlier .
Both the dvitala vimana and its ardha - mandapa cut out of the entrenched mass on the hill slope are incomplete but the finished upper parts reveal a high degree of workmanship and art and contain some outstanding mechanisms .
The four Nandis on the corners of the top ग्रीवा round the base of the griva indicate the date and the dedication of the temple to Siva.
The dating is further indicated by the sculptures of विष्णु Vishnu ब्रह्मा and Siva on the south . west north and east nasika fronts respectively on the faces of the griva sikhara a feature that became constant from the ninth century onwards .
में in a sharp competition with its Chalukyan rivals ; it प्रेरित the desire of exclusive achievements in architecture and was used by the Chalukyas in a simple and profitable way by the Chalukyas and the Pallavas the very hard nature of the granite की and the पल्लव .
Moreover the concept of rock architecture itself showed that the temple would be built at the same places where the शैल or शैल were .
In the main temple में on his hind wall particularly in the niche inside a tall carved wooden panel is also there inside a Somaskanda relief panel on the top of the standing stone panel and is inscribed on the body without the back of the linga .
The hara is found again on the upper storeys except the है .
The griva and sikhara और which are modern innovations in brick and mortar are octagonal according to the original plan .
The corners of the walls of the aditala and of the attached shrines are व्याल by bold rearing vyala pilasters characteristic of Rajasimha temples .
Otherwise the walls lack sculpture as in the दीवारों temple evidently because of the hard material of construction .
The inner walls of the antarala are only the dvarapalas ( Brahma and Vishnu ) . with the help of the original त्रिमूर्ति concept but with Brahma and Vishnu relegated to lesser status .
The northern outer shrine contains remnants of a Pallava mural painting depicting a dancing Siva with Parvati.
The main sanctum has a large लिंग sixteen - faceted polished basalt linga with an immense circular लिंगपीठ - pitha occupying almost the entire floor of the temple .
On the rear wall in a special niche is carved the usual Somaskanda panel with Siva and Uma seated with , Skanda on Uma ' s lap and Brahma and Vishnu standing on either side .
The inner wall of the garbha - griha is plain and square while the outer wall between the abutting vimanas is profusely sculptured with reliefs of gods and goddesses as also are the walls of the structures adjoining structures .
The अधिरचनात्मक talas are built over a bridge spanning the two walls .
The double walls and the sides and the sides and the sides by smaller vimanas are evidently intended to give proper विमान to the vimana superstructure which is the largest vimana of this period and at the same time provide a well - balanced structure in proportion of height .
The third storey has again a ham of kutas and शालाओं the four Nandis on the corners at the top of the fourth floor .
The pilasters of the shrines adjoining the aditala wall.
There is a detached multi - pillared oblong mandapa in front longer on its north - south axis and with its भित्तिस्तंभ pilasters vyala - based while the rest are of the और type with basal and apical square sections and intervening octagonal sections .
The whole is surrounded by a prakara with a gap on the middle of its eastern side and enclosing an open court all round .
Inside there are two lateral oblong shrines in the centre on the north and south .
In front of the whole complex stands a series of eight small dvitala square kuta vimanas with octagonal griva and sikhara all of them memorial shrines परिवार and like the परिवार and the parivara shrines of the inner malika devoid of the ham elements .
While some of them are undoubtedly the Pallava सतह painted on the rough surface of sandstone the पलस्तर of limestone that existed for the smooth continuation of the rocky surface to चिकना and protection of the rock have been identified in those earlier times as in Ajanta .
For example in one of the shrines on the north - east corner of the मालिका malika the extant plaster is found by the author to covers an inscription on the stone below of राजसिंह himself .
This alone would denote that the पलस्तर was at best an पलस्तर in the times of the founder himself or immediately thereafter.
For an inscription would not be incised on a surface if it was to be covered over by plaster.
Likewise the author found in another temple on the southern line the पलस्तर plaster itself below the broken parts of the plaster ( के ) a later thief of the चोर ; and it is believed that it was at the same time open .
Prince राजकुमार is known from inscriptions to have repaired the damages wrought by the Muslim incursions and restored worship in the temple .
This accounts for fragmentary paintings of the Vijayanagar period also .
The जिला ( Tiruchirapalli district ) is of the जिला origin and consists of a three - storeyed vimana of equal size square on plan from the base to the apex with its ardha - mandapa facing north to the south two maha - mandapa is rectangular and very long in front .
Two of these are complete and the third is represented by its extant basement .
All this was surrounded by sixteen sub - shrines and a prakara with the small gopura entrance on the west .
This temple is another important landmark in the line of the great south Indian temple .
It is built of fine - grained and neatly - dressed granite and is noted for its exquisite नारी नारी नारी Kalari Siva and some feminine types .
Likewise the नर नारी temple at नारी तिरूचिरापल्ली in जिला जिला district ( Tiruchirapalli district ) is another early temple with पत्थर . a stone in ईश्वर and नारी well - known for its fine and graceful नारी ; these are also of male and female नारी .
Hundreds of stone temples were thus built in Tamil Nadu in the centuries before and after AD 1000 in replacement of the earlier brick - and - timber structures in places hallowed by the memory of the स्मृतियों and the स्मृतियों saints .
Similar activity though on a lesser scale is to be found in the southern Mysore country where the Western Gangas of पत्थरों have left a few contemporary shrines of hard stone .
The earliest would be an ekatala vimana of a small size cut off in the series of later Jain temples on the Chandragiri hill in Sravana श्रावण ( Hassan district ) .
But the more impressive Jain temple on the same hill is the विमान basti ( विमान ) a north - east - facing vimana with a closed mandapa and open mandapa in front .
This was a significant change कैलासनाथ the Pallava temples almost at the same time with the Pallava temples in the Shore temple and the Kailasanatha of Kanchi .
The Sangamesvara establishes another landmark in that it has in its scheme two side shrines in the ardha - mandapa at its two ends on either side of the sanctum entrance dedicated to Durga and Ganapati .
The Virupaksha is the largest structural temple complex of the early Chalukyas consisting of a single four - storeyed vimana with an axial mandapa and peripheral body all over the courtyard and the dvitala family of kuta and sala - type ones all over the west .
The square vimana has a sandhara aditala the outer wall of which as also the lower aditala has five bays and four recesses on each side .
They are of varying length corresponding to their corner karnakutas central salas and inter - के panjaras of the ham over the prastara of that side .
The mandapa is multi - pillared with massive sculptured columns and has three openings with projected pillared porches on its three है north and south .
The शालाएं of the ham on top of the mandapa . that come over these three entrances as in the Kailasa of Ellora are rendered larger in dimensions than the rest of the ham elements in order to simulate miniature gopura entrances .
The बीच niches accommodated between pilasters in relieved bays have varied sculptures set inside for kuta panjara or torana patterns .
The second tala carries four karnakutas and three salas over its prastara .
The prakara wall has over its coping a series of kutas and salas . as over the larger vimana of the Pallava Shore temple .
The Mallikarjuna built close to the Virupaksha is a smaller temple with a four - storeyed vimana square in all its talas .
The griva and sikhara above are circular .
It has also a prominent sukanasika projected forward from its upper talas .
The topmost tala has no ham ; it विलोप the mark of the complete elimination of the element and the beginning of the characteristic symbols or symbols appropriate to the dedication of the main shrine .
The Durga temple at Aihole is originally a southern vimana of the apsidal or विमान type with an odd विमान - LRB - विमान - RRB - forming part of the original design and if added to it the incongruous and अनुपयुक्त .
The shrine and its axial mandapas stand raised with their adhishthana built over a sub - base a feature not common in the earlier temples considered above but usual in later temples of the Chalukyan and Pallava - Pandya मंदिरों .
Thus the platform on top of the upa - pitha becomes an external trend ; the छत roof of which has a slopy roof दीवार the outer wall of the vimana and axial mandapas on one side and the gap between the pillars standing on the other .
The upa - pitha terminates in front as a still narrower platform with lateral steps and a frontal जंगला .
These peripheral pillars of the front mandapa section and those at the front or eastern end on either side of the inner edge of the landing have large statutory carved on them while the rest are devoid of such ornaments .
They are all interconnected by चालुक्य or seats with lean - back rests as is common in the Chalukyan structures .
The adhishthana as well as the outer wall over the antarala are also divided into eleven bays each three on the linear lateral side walls the rear apsidal edge being three on the rear one at which the shrines of the के - mandapa surrounded by the lateral walls .
All these eleven bays carry devakoshthas the niches of which are framed by shrine fronts of all patterns of southern - style vimanas and northern - style प्रासादों such as the kuta sala . or कोष्ठ panjara पंजर पंजर arches or कोष्ठ शिल्पाकृतियां शिल्पाकृतियां arches and torana .
This much - developed feature is coupled with a prominently projecting pranala or spout over the adhishthana level on the northern side at the apse end of the outer wall .
This indicates a later date for the temple usually than the expected date and other developed features such as the presence of various Toda forms टोडा Silpa style उपपीठ upa - pitha etc .
These and the presence of an inscription of Chalukya Vikramaditya II ( विक्रमादित्य ) on the ruined outer gopura at the south - eastern side of the prakara indicate a date early in the first quarter of the eighth century .
The inner wall of a typical short apse or चाप form encloses the sanctum .
It has two linear forward with the lateral walls and in the company two rows of four pillars inside the antarala mandapa dividing the spot as a central nave the roof having a flat triangular roof and the roof side with a slopy roof attached on it .
The pillar capitals too have lost their original shape and को and are transformed into mere conventional shapes found in the later Chalukyan temples .
The prastara carries a ham of kutas salas and panjaras .
The second tala has a sanctum enclosed by the upward extension of the inner wall of the aditala .
Its antarala front is masked by the basal part of the sukanasika while the prastara on the other three sides carries four karnakutas and three salas there being no scope for a sola on the front side because of the sukanasika .
The third storey of some lesser width is relieved on its sides except on the front or sukanasika direction .
The bays contain उदगम motifs as in northern - style temples .
The square sikhara following the same scheme of चालुक्य a twelve - चालुक्य member चालुक्य similar modifications in the later Chalukyan shrines .
In addition to the two inner pillars of the peripheral series set in front of the के all the remaining four central STRUCTURAL STONE TEMPLES: THE EARLY PHASE have सामने have been carved ; but a purely खराद announcement has been made on the चट्टानों form of the former Chalukyas and their उत्तराधिकारियों or चट्टानों .
The Eastern Chalukyas of बालुकाश्म a collateral branch of the early Chalukyas of Badami however have left a series of structural temples in sandstone which are more akin in their style to the Pallava style of बालुकाश्म to their south.
These along with the two superimposed larger or main doorways on the east make the विमान vimana a chaumukh or चौमुख structure described as चौमुख in the books .
In front on the east the स्थूलता of the walls pierced behind the main doorway provides the भीतरी passage across the sandhara circuit leading to the inner doorway of the sanctum .
In front of this antarala lies a अनुप्रस्थ - पथ with the north - south हैं leading to pre - defined steps on both the north and south sides .
The outer doorway is flanked by two colossal dvarapalas as are the outer entrances .
The bays on the central bays of the outer walls which are the largest शाला open - door top over the prastara of the second tola the largest sala of the hara of direction .
The intermediate bays of lesser width have panjara हैं thus making the complete hara over the second tala prastara .
The main pilasters containing the corners of the bays and their angles with the walls are square in section with full capitals.
The abacus or शीर्षों as in earlier Pallava capitals is large massive and square ; but the corbel or पल्लव arms are पर with a central triangular cap on the top of the पल्लव page .
The inner wall of the lower storey has on its three sides in the recesses between immense pilasters and opposite to the outer wall openings more than life - size sculptures of Siva seated on the south dancing on the west and of Durga seated on the north .
This lower ambulatory contains over the rest of the inner wall the recesses of the inner wall the pilasters and ceilings and also over the inner face of the outer wall extensive mural paintings of the Chola period सत्रहवीं by later सत्रहवीं of the Nayaka period in the seventeenth century .
The Chola layer has been exposed wherever extant by peeling off the damaged Nayaka layer to reveal its नायक .
The most important item in the series on the inner wall is the छाए भीतरी Shiva 's scroll संत शिव and the चेर which they offer to the Cera king including his queens and his परिजनों and his परिजनों
Other paintings of dancers dancers musicians नर्तकों birds पशुओं animals etc . are interesting .
After the earlier paintings of an extensive nature in the Buddhist caves at Ajanta and the smaller area of paintings in the Jain cave - temple of बौद्ध these are the only important landmark in the history of Indian mural paintings .
Each tala carries over its prastara a ham of kutas salas and panjaras .
The topmost tala has instead four Nandis placed at the four corners with the octagonal griva and sikhara rising up from the midst.
The topmost stones closing the ultimate gap alone is estimated by their size to weigh 80 tonnes ( टन metric tonnes ) .
The stupi as originally intended by Rajaraja is ताम्र and as stated in his inscription in the temple is that of सोने copper gilt with gold and is 3. ताम्र m tall .
The entire interior of the pyramid from its base to apex is rendered hollow by the gradual अंदर of the successive courses of masonry in the चिनाई karana mode .
From the top of the adhishthana at about the middle of the northern side an immense and carved water - spout is projected which discharges the जल water flowing out of the sanctum chamber .
The water goes along the फर्श running through the bases of the two walls and along the floor of the sandhara circumambulatory in between .
The lengthy pranala or spout is supported on the head of a भूत squatting over the upa - pitha platform .
Opposite to this pranala and a little to the east is the coeval square vimana for के the विमान of the Siva temple .
This position located by Rajaraja in his great temple became the norm for all Siva temples of the subsequent period .
हुई the wide open court around the vimana and its axial mandapas including the Nandi pavilion is a two - tiered prakara wall of the same period too within this prakara wall .
On the middle of the eastern side the prakara has a massive gopura built entirely of stone .
Inside the prakara its wall is built with a continuous double - storeyed cloister or malika with a third open terrace on top interrupted at the four corners and the middle of the three sides by seven square tritala vimanas with octagonal griva sikhara .
These are dedicated to the eight वृत्ताकार - or Agni Yama . Varuna Varuna the वायु Vayu ( , ) Soma and हैं beginning from the south - east to the north - east in a circular .
The shrine for the eighth के Indra and also another for Surya merge into the inner face of the vertical base of the gopura on the east .
In front of the gopura and at some distance away from it is the outer and larger gopura ( बाहरी ) perhaps with an outer prakara wall originally but now incorporated into the defensive fort - wall of much later times .
In addition to the inner gopura the prakara wall is pierced by three additional smaller entrances of the torana gate variety placed opposite the centre of the south west and north sides of the main vimana .
They are framed by simple over - doors with horizontal हैं over them .
Following this a number of wholly apsidal temples or temples with four - sided aditala and apsidal superstructure and griva sikhara continued to be built in this part of Tamil Nadu in later Chola times and succeeding periods .
Such temples are rather rare in the Chola and पांडिमंडलम further south .
The two are essentially lesser versions of the two Brihadisvara vimanas but incorporate in their design some variations and innovations revealing an amount of Chalukya - Rashtrakuta domination .
The topmost tala carries four square karnakutas again flanked by a pair of recumbent Nandis one on either side .
It persisted for about a century in some temples and disappeared as before leaving the place for Nandis alone.
But however this temple of Rajaraja II begins with the idea of the founding of the Nandi ( वाहनों ) at the corners in other temples or of similar vehicles or mala - वाहनों in later periods attached to the back and covered with the griva and ग्रीवा .
Another characteristic that has been left behind in the later temples of the Pallavas and in the early Chola temples is that of the griva and sikhara abandoned in the roof of the Pallava temples and earlier Chola temples ; yet it was recovered from all over and over it .
The main axial complex of vimana and mandapas is similar to the plan in the Brihadisvara .
The Hoysalas too when they came to occupy a part of Tamil Nadu in the last days of the later Cholas left some significant gopuras as for example the बल्लाल gopura at आधिपत्य .
The मूर्तिशिल्प gopuras of Ko - चिदंबरम at Chidambaram नृत्य and other places are noted for their sculptures particularly for the depiction of the hundred and eight dance poses .
These kumbha panjaras became a common feature .
The shape of the stone or wooden पाषाण projected from the पाषाण . has also changed and the central wall of the simpler विजयनगर . of the earlier विजयनगर has more or less become the लटकन of the bell shaped लटकन gradually become the पुष्प of Vijayanagar पुष्प .
Now the top face and row of the columns
These are found in the में and नटराज temples at नटराज ( Thanjavur district ) where in the case of the नटराज it fronts the sabha - mandapa of Nataraja which again is another link between the temples .
They are also to be found in तिरूवस्र , , , है Chidambaram and many other places .
This provided inspiration to the Eastern Ganga king Narasimha for constructing such a mandapa in his तटीय temple in north coastal Andhra and more so for his great Sun temple at Konark .
The topmost tala is devoid of the hara ; the top sikhara has a prominently तिरछे out brim or lip and the sides are offset again .
The hara elements too retain their characteristic shapes ; the projected bays of the aditala wall have अग्रभागों niches framed by kuta fronts mounted on shorter pilaster pairs or by makara toranas .
The अग्रभागों fronts of the code are framed में at makara toranas .
The mandapa pillars are partially lathe - turned in respect of their capitals while the shaft is square and angular marking the beginnings of the characteristic pillars of the later period .
Another oblong shrine with a narrow front mandapa stands next to the नवलिंग group .
The other ruined structures are all enclosed by a prakara with two openings on two of the four sides .
The mention of goddesses like Ganga गंगा देवियों Sarasvati and देवियों in the associated inscriptions indicates a strong devi cult in this centre .
The horse at घोडे began to change shape like a horse and they became flat facets .
The wall spaces between the relieved bays of the aditala are adorned by reliefs of shrine हैं with superstructures of the southern vimana patterns or of the northern prasada patterns .
The square - based pillars of the mandapa are partially lathe - turned particularly the capitals below the मंडपों showing some advance in this respect over the earlier मंडपों examples .
There are two rectangular shrines facing the four central pillars of the mandapa perhaps originally dedicated to Ganapati and Durga .
But from the structural point of view the fact that in spite of the सामानय thickness the walls are made up of smaller stone structures specially those of bricks which are used as large sections of the Chalukyan or Rashtrakuta work .
In the temples of खदान खदान near खदान the cave - temples of खदान are to be found in temples whose construction until then the use of sandstone which is found to be entirely free of natural fibre and mixed with soft पत्थर in stone .
The new material because of its less thick quarry size and the greater ease with which it can be cut naturally reacted upon workmanship resulting in the reduced size of the masonry courses and increased volume of fine and delicate carvings on such tempting soft and smooth material .
Among the many interesting temples of such material in this place the Jain temple is the largest and most prominent which might have been built in the latter half of the eleventh century .
It has a square five - storeyed nirandhara vimana with a square griva and sikhara .
The pillars inside the mandapa have square bases.
The shaft and the broad square abacus is smoothly rounded turned है and polished with शहतीर and a series of शहतीर curved मनके and beads मनके and later embellished by finely picked से
Sometimes the axial series of the temple unit is surrounded by an open court and pillared cloister inside the prakara wall having its घिरी entrance only on one side the front.
The more or less known Hoysala temples are the number of temples at बेलूर and बेलूर both in बेलूर district the शहर temple at बेलूर ( both in बेलूर district ) the predecessor and later on of the temples at केशव the Puri district केशव .
The बेलूर temple unit at Belur was built by Hoysala विष्णुवर्धन in बेलूर and consecrated to Vishnu with the name Vijaya Narayan .
It is now the main unit of the complex of the later temples surrounded by a prakara with a gopura entrance on the axial line of the main unit and a plain side entrance south on the same side .
There is a large navaranga before the द्वार gate the प्रवेशों with an extended passage or passage in three directions lost on the east the बाहर south and north - west and these elaborately carved entrances with over - doors .
It also includes the scheme of a circumambulatory round the entire upa - pitha an Full scheme of the vimana and its axial mandapas .
The walls of the garbha - griha are sometimes plain in the simpler cases as in the one on the tank - bund at Palampet .
When alternately projected and recessed the bays are broad circular flat pilaster patterns often with shrine patterns .
The recesses contain a slender pilaster carrying a shrine top at its apex over its abacus with a superposed creeper or patra - भित्तिस्तंभ torana .
Rather it is a slopy straight projected ledge है which is sometimes large .
The prastara over the antarala and the front mandapas carry like the lower tala of the vimana superstructure a hara of miniature shrines of the kuta variety often in brick and mortar both .
These form the fore - runners of the typical arched niche - like miniature shrine series the विमान of the subsequent Vijayanagar mandapa . ; the vimana superstructure has an invariable characteristic pointing with the Chalukyan derivation of the temples .
The sukanasika projected in front of the vimana superstructure is an invariable characteristic की of the temples of the Chalukyan की
Since the expiry of twelve years determined by the उत्तराधिकारी after their entry the most mundane signs of a empire were discovered in the absence of a संत भौतिक who had once renounced his successor in the absence of his successor .
In this place of मुक्ति ( शिवलिंग ) a certain linga was established and was soon made pure and pious and pious and ascribed to it all to Hyderabad the patron and the patron of विजयनगर the patron and the patron to offer him the admiration of the king who had once realised spiritual influence of the god of the latter .
The upper wall the outer ambulatory of the rear or west of the , structure.
The काकतीय has a Gajalakshmi relief and the introduction of a broad projected door - opening cornice over each one of the doorways is reminiscent of the Kakatiya mode .
The राशियां in the के of the कमल order are the राशियां who are supposed to see the sun in order of twelve months : the central lotus is supposed to be a symbol of the Sun ; the lotus petals in the वितान temple of Sringeri .
Their pose is also true to nature attesting to the acquaintance of the sculptor with things of nature .
कारण know that a species of Indian parrot Psittacula commonly called बसेरा is unique among Indian birds for its habit of बसेरा upside down like समान .
For an ascetic yogi it can be a form of sadhana or penance .
The superstructure of the vimana or garbha part is an upward extension .
It is a tall cylindrical tower of three upper talas of gradually diminishing circumference raised over the sanctum terminating in the griva the sikhara with the stupi on top while the roof over the antarala carries a large शुकनासा from the front of the vimana superstructure .
The top groove of the sandhara passage between the outer and the inner wall of the aditala and is similarly enacted in the form of wet stone the front of the mandapa is also made of a long stone - covered section with an appropriate slope of the second tala .
There are three niches provided in the main शुकनासा of the three शुकनासा south . west and north while on the east comes the prominent शुकनासा .
The prastara of this second tala का or the प्रस्तर is composed of seven tiers of curved कपोतों or kapota .
The third tala of slightly lesser elevation repeats the same pattern ending with its है of five के superposed one over the other .
The fourth tala of still lesser height again of the same pattern carries an का of the three कपोतों .
The scheme is an adaptation of the ग्रीवा system of synthesis successively rising over तलों and the ग्रीवा between the two floors a distinct but short antarala in the griva as in the Eastern ग्रीवा and the पूर्वी tradition separated by the पूर्वी .
The top of the third tola carrying the गृहपिंडी or base of the griva has four Nandis at the four corners or या .
The griva sikhara combination has four maha nasikas projected on the four विमान including the eastern face where the third tola of the vimana rises clear over the top of the frontal शुकनासा .
All the five stupis are of metal and they together form a pancha विमान scheme that according to ancient Buddhist texts should be the character of the divine aircraft .
Built of granite it stands on a lofty and well - moulded upa - pitha platform .
Its five - storeyed square vimana is a double - walled sandhara structure ; and the tala superstructure has the characteristic sukanasika interpolation .
A horizontal band divides the exterior wall face into upper and lower halves.
The lower half shows a series of shrine fronts between pairs .
The स्लेटी temple of में and Virabhadra in nearby में the earlier seat of the dynasty is built of greyish - green granite .
The two separate vimanas have their front mandapas inter - connected.
They took note of what was developing further north .
Their geographical position astride the area of the Deccan dividing the peninsula from the northern part of the subcontinent made them susceptible to more influences than one rains .
The result was that the earlier Chalukyan architecture and art like the , . in Aihole . and Badami the आसपास आसपास close to the कदंब and the आसपास forms of the southern THE कदंब - आसपास branch of the eastern Chalukyas .
The square vimana in its simplest form resembles the lesser vimana of the Chalukyan or विमान Nagara type with a square vimana rising above the antarala level a pyramid with essentially of the superstructures entirely of the talas or with the stupi or द्वारा originally .
The kapota tiers are decorated by relieved कुदु motifs particularly at the centre on each side .
The separating necks or गले may be altogether absent or much abbreviated so as not to be visible .
At the highest level there is a small griva with a characteristic मसूर or amalaka shape the stripes containing stripes or मसूर shaped circular with stripes and those enlarge on the जो
These also came to be built in other parts of Karnataka and Andhra .
These temples refer to the entire superstructure over the area surrounding the sikhara को a single unit called अंड ( अंड ) which is not apparent in the face of the southern tala as it is cut into apparent विमान and not differentiated by the विमान of this type .
Thus it is clear that what is called the sikhara in a northern rekha - prasada is not to be equated with what is known by the same name in the southern tiered vimanas .
The smaller भूमि found squeezed in at the corners of the superstructure of the prasada hence called हैं are the only basis for differentiating the ground .
Their धड generally follow the patterns found in the southern vimana and have a clear prastara in the trunk separating the पृथक part over it .
The square plan or leg position is relieved by three or five bays on each face from base to top the relieved parts being called the rathas making the temple tri ratha or pancha ratha as also the case may be .
The most characteristic and prominent sukanasika is projected forward from the front side of the antarala roof and projects at least half of the width of its lower portion on the top .
Besides the mandapas these northern - style temples of the Chalukyan area share much in common with the local vimana types : their pillar forms door - frames sculptures particularly dvarapalas on either side of the entrances and the dvarapalas on either side of the entrances .
They are generally tri rathas with front mandapas.
The outer wall is plain or decorated with often a pillared बाहरी .
The former ones are of sandhara type while the latter one is of the है type though they are similar in general outward form to the first .
The मंडप has a low and linear plan with a stunted sikhara over the main edifice which appears to be too small in proportion to the total length of the mandapa and mandapa in front of it .
The most interesting feature is the hara of शालाओं with karnakutas at the front corners and a few panjaras in between that extend continuously over the roof of the axial mandapas a southern feature appropriate to the vimana type of temples .
The Sangamesvara in the महाकूटेश्वर group is of the tri ratha lay - out with a pillared mandapa in front .
The घिरा group of temple units is surrounded by a common prakara with a cluster of six miniature shrines of various structures besides the other structures : the त्रिरथ sandhara प्रासाद consisting of a tri ratha type with a sikhara and the construction nearly आसपास .
The परिचर and समूह of the complex at जिला ( district ) are the principal units of the group ; the two are nirandhara with a tri ratha sikhara over a square body .
They do not have the adhishthana akin to that of the southern vimana type show also a vyala van or vyala mala a प्रस्तर of vyalas in the विमान an invariable component of the prastara of the southern vimana temples and absent in all the other rekha - prasada temples .
The larger मंडप has a sanctum . antarala and axial mandapas in front .
The shrine wall is plain but for a देवकोष्ठ niche on each side .
Among the smaller shrines are specimens of square rectangular and apsidal plans .
The , . near Kurnool though much renovated also belongs to this category .
It has a pillared mandapa in front with a central raised roof and lateral wings with slopy roofs .
It contains an inscription of . ' time about AD 750 .
Another well - preserved temple of this type is to be found in . . nearby with a nirandhara body having carvings of Ganesa और Durga and Kartikeya on the relieved भुजाओं niches on its sides .
The वर्ग at सोमेश्वर and the पंचलिंगुला at पंचलिंगुला also belong to this order .
This type of rekha - प्रासाद soon fell out of vogue in these areas; it could not extend any further south into Tamil .
The Kerala temples as in Kerala constituted a class of themselves includes timber to the construction of the area which was the case everywhere in south India before the advent of the stone vimana .
While the adhishthana or the srikoyil is of carved stone pieces the whole of its parts resembles the parts of the adhishthana of any southern shrine the खदान walls are generally of दीवारें cutting off readily from the complexes and the mining .
Because of their सतह and सतह surface the walls are heavily plastered and the few decorations are picked out in stucco .
The roof बल्लियां rest directly on the wall plate over the walls and converge in gable form to meet at the top .
The conical or roof of the cone has a शंकु or a resulting स्थानीय or a nasal नासिका as locally called नासिका with an % seal on which an entirely carved torana front is formed or at least its front opening .
The local name . ( parrot entrance ) is suggestive of the name .
In front of the entrance is a step on the stone steps with a series of stone slabs producing उभारदार with rich relief sculptures.
The pranala or water - outlet projected from the northern side is of a characteristic , long cylindrical tube - like with a narrow bore made through it simulating a straight elephant emerging out of a vyala mouth .
Externally it is often बीच and divided into ringed nodes at intervals and supported below by a गण or गण .
In the Sri मंडप there is a distinct agra - mandapa often the square sikhara with a slopy roof called the हैं - mandapa .
Externally the quadrangular open court is surrounded by a prakara with a cloister or malika locally called होता or मालिका .
The पार्श्वों has the main gopura or या in front and is often the additional gopura entrance on the back and sides .
Besides the simple prakara of the inner prakara the outer prakara with the भीतर gopura entrance on all the four sides at the प्रागंण temple complexes also has separate रंगशाला and holes like the play the opera ऑपेरा dance and such other arts such as ऑपेरा .
In the अर्धवृत्ताकार temple for अर्धवृत्ताकार है the छत temple is apsidal with a roof of wooden and metal sheet at the north - east corner of the outer opening .
Most of the existing temples at present in Kerala are not very old ; the oldest medieval or later medieval .
The earliest temples have been destroyed because of the perishable material for the construction only the idols of their stone adhishthana and deities पाषाण dvarapalas etc. .
These give us an idea of the continuity from at least the tenth century AD if not earlier .
Such temples with prominent slopy or pent roofs or छतों - roofs on मानसून are to be found extensively distributed over the littoral from Kanyakumari in the south to the south गोवा and Goa on the north .
Their srikoyil or vimana plans include the circular विमान आधिक which is more frequent the elliptical the square the oblong and the apsidal ; they rise often in more than one storeyed .
The top storey over the inner wall is relieved of an elliptical shape or आच्छादित kuta ceiling on the plan of the circular है octagonal and square structure and covered with a row of छत sala or अर्धवृत्ताकार structures on the भीतर walls .
The adhishthana is invariably of granitic stone while the walls and superstructure may be of granite पत्थर or brick and timber .
The roof is made of planks metal sheet or tiles or even thatch in extremely humble structures .
This is suited to the local needs and the deep gradient of the sides and sides of the sikhara brings out not only the rapid precipitation of heavy rain - water but also the walls of the tala and the front walls of the sanctum below .
The central portion of the नाली drain that occurs just before the श्रीकोयिल ' s door and between the outer door of the srikoyil makes a practical part of the ardha - mandapa part in the plan and therefore the main srikoyil is provided with the superstructure of the शुकनासा .
It can be a single flight of steps leading from the front to the nearest gate .
Or बाजुओं often stands in front of the doorway with steps on either side .
Perhaps the largest complex in this series of temples is the शहर or श्री . or the Sri शहर temple पर which is located चित्रोंपम on a low hilly terrain in the central part of शहर city which is also in almost the centre of Kerala .
From its inscriptions the temple is known to have been in existence from the twelfth century though its foundations could have been much older .
It is perhaps the smallest apsidal structure in the Kerala mode of construction.
In the north - west corner of the outer court is the large प्रागंण or opera - hall rectangular in shape and built in typical Kerala style .
Inside the central pavilion all the carved pillars of the multi - pillared hall add to the splendour of the multi - lathe - turned structure .
The whole complex is surrounded by a massive stone prakara with four - storeyed gateways on the four cardinal sides with slopy gable roofs standing as good examples of gopura construction in the Kerala style .
Another large and important temple complex in the south of Kerala is the मंदिर or Anantasayin temple in Trivandrum which was wholly reconstructed in the last two centuries.
The stone - built central shrine is appropriately oblong on plan to enshrine the reclining form of Anantasayin Vishnu .
It is two - storeyed with pent and gable roof patterns for its storeys .
The walls are painted and there are subsidiary shrines for deities like Krishna कृष्ण , , षष्ठ Narasimha षष्ठ Garuda etc .
Its stone sculptures are of a fine quality as also the wood - carving on the ceiling of the पाषाण mandapa .
The Rama temple of भुजाओं in north Kerala is unique in having a rectangular srikoyil with a linear orientation that is with the entrance on one of the shorter sides of the oblong structure .
The front and main sanctum uplift is almost vertical ; while the rear two long arms and the shorter arms of the rear have on the lower side with pent roof and gable roof on the top with a linear row of three छत on the vertical axial row .
In front there is a mukha - mandapa also oblong but with its long axis transverse to that of the srikoyil and provided with stupis over its transversely - oriented axis .
All around there is a ऊंचाई of lesser height .
The lower pent roof is extended as the छत ( शुकनासा ) with a front triangular gable face over the नाली nali or linear antarala - mandapa in front of which is an independent शुकनासा - mandapa .
The का Vishnu temple also belongs to this class .
The roofs are made of metal से and the four - sided pyramidal मुलम्मा have four साने nasikas and single gold - gilt stupis on top.
The Rama temple at काष्ठ has a circular श्रीकोयिल ekatala srikoyil and is noted for its ancient wood - carvings.
The दीवारों - mandapa has profuse wood - carvings while the wall of the shrine has interesting mural paintings .
The srikoyil at Vaikom is similar to those oblong and ekatala with a large स्तूपी conical copper - sheet roofing and a single stupi .
The Siva temple at नटराज has a simple ekatala srikoyil and is noted for its paintings especially of Nataraja .
The pent roof covering the storey below and the apsidal छत roof above with a gable front has a row of three stupis on top.
After a long struggle when the British regained power over Delhi Bahadur Shah went to some secret place .
After his arrest he was brought to the Red Fort by Lt. William किले who could be tried under a military commission constituted under Section 14 of 1857 contrary to all established rules of national and international law .
The European military commission was set up at the instance of Sir John Lawrence the Chief Commissioner of the Punjab and led by Major General C . B . C . मिलिट्री and at the instance of the sentence of the बंदियों to be encountered at Delhi .
The prosecutor for the government was Major F. J. . Deputy Judge Advocate .
On the 27th January 1858 at 11 a. m. the very Diwan of the Red Fort was replaced by a court of justice where Bahadur Shah himself sat as the Emperor of Wales .
Many officers suggested to prosecute the British capital in India but when Delhi was selected for this purpose it was the dream of the British Raj to चूर the glory of lakhs and lakhs of its समर्थकों created by it .
The 82 - year - old Emperor was made to stand for about a quarter of an hour outside the Diwan - e - बंदी where the European spectators continued to shout खिल्ली and shouted at him .
At last the clock struck as half - a - dozen and he was brought inside .
After much exertion and pressure he was not only ' asked ' .
The trial lasted twenty - one days from 27th January 1858 to 9th March 1858 .
About 18 supposed eye - witnesses were examined ; most of them were salaried agents and presented about 200 contemporary documents of material relating to the Revolt of 1857 .
On the 20th day of the proceedings . i . e . 9th March 1858 the court कार्यवाही and prisoner Bahadur Shah Zafar was brought to the court in the care of Ghulam Abbas .
The Judge Advocate read the translation of the prisoner ' s defence before the Commission which was written by him in Urdu .
In his defence Bahadur Shah made no reference to his powers as the sovereign ruler in the war of युद्ध and therefore to the judicial authority of the Commission to try and prosecute the case provided him with only a sentence of reward .
This was the first trial of the British Government which established British supremacy and culminated in the I. N. A. trial which followed the end of British rule in India .
This ignominious trial also brought to an end both the Mughal Empire in India and the East India Company .
Surendra Nath Banerjea : Surendra Nath Banerjea was born on 10th November 1848 in pepper at कोलक .
He had attended the . . Institution " which mostly students were Anglo - Indians .
He graduated from the Calcutta University in 1868 and proceeded to England along with Romesh Chunder Dutt and Bihari Lal Gupta to compete in the prestigious Indian Civil Service .
He passed the competitive examination in 1869 .
There was some controversy about his right age ; for which he was ठहरा the court decided in favour of him .
He returned to India in 1871 and was posted to Sylhet as Assistant Magistrate.
Mr . सुरेन्द्रनाथ the District Judge . did not like his Indian help and took advantage of a legal mistake and made a formal complaint to the government against Surendra Nath The Commission that examined the complaint found Banerjea guilty and promptly dismissed him from service .
Surendra Nath proceeded to England and appealed to the Indian Office "
He had the satisfaction of Lord Curzon ' s partition of Bengal into a अनिश्चितता fact .
1906 was the climax of his political career .
He was a member of the Calcutta Corporation ( 1876 - 99 ) but resigned as a protest against Lord Curzon ' s policy of destroying popular नगरपालिका of the municipality .
He was also a member of the Indian Legislative Council .
Thanks to his progressive ideas he even advocated the attainment of widows marriage and raising the marriageable age .
Surendra Nath Banerjea was a period when Surendranath Banerjea was known as the भारत of India .
He was a distinguished orator both in English and Bengali and was compared to यूनान of Greece and to रोम of Rome ( The birth of Surendra Nath Banerjea in Calcutta in 1848 .
He had a brilliant academic career and had passed the Indian Civil Service Competition which was very difficult and attractive .
But he was dismissed from service and he had joined the Indian struggle for freedom .
In the year 1883 this was too much to swallow and the English judges could not restrain themselves .
On 3 May 1883 Surendra Nath Banerjea and के के ( बंगाली ) the publisher and the अदालत were issued a notice on the contempt of the court by the High Court and disposed of on 4 May 1883 as they say it within one day.
The notice asked why they should not be sent to prison for writing and printing of न and अपमानजनक articles on Mr Justice Norris or for libel .
They were also asked to file their affidavits and replies immediately.
रामकुमार . in his affidavit disowned all responsibility and threw the entire blame on Surendra Nath Banerjea .
He said that he was not involved in the material published in the letter nor had he the right to decide whether to publish or not to write any article he said that he had thorough knowledge of the English language and to interpret the technicalities of the language .
He further went on to say that if the article had और and insulting things he had no idea about it and as far as he was concerned he was prepared to ask for sufficient views from the court for it being published and printer .
In his affidavit filed as soon as possible on an overnight notice he observed :
Surendra Nath Banerjea remained in Civil Jail for two months but the case created a storm and his name became a household word in the country .
Public reaction was swift and intense.
Shops were closed and business was suspended in Calcutta on the day .
The practice of holding open - air meetings starred because no hall could contain the crowds that gathered there .
The Hindus were especially enraged because a Hindu idol had been brought into court .
Justice Norris had played a prominent part unbecoming his position in the Albert Bill controversy .
In the last years of his life Surendra Nath wrote in a book titled The Nation " A Nation " The creation of a nation " There has never been a movement except a movement which resulted in an integrated whole of my public life . "
Public meetings of sympathy for me and of protest against the judgment of the High Court were held in every city .
The feeling of opposition was so widespread that in some cases even government servants took part in them and suffered for it .
In 1907.
Tilak and his associates Bipin Pal and Lala Lajpat Rai refused to accept the goal of the Indian National Congress viz . the establishment of a responsible government in India of the type prevalent in the British Empire .
On the contrary they demanded a completely free and autonomous India from the British domination .
Because of their differences with the moderates of the Indian National Congress Tilak established the Home Rule League in 1916 .
It was not satisfied with the Government of India Act 1919 but it was as agreed to by Providence that Tilak died in August 1920 and at its Nagpur session in December 1920 the Indian National Congress declared complete independence or non - colonial in India .
Nevertheless he was निंदा by Sir Valentine . in his book 'Indian इंग्लैंड and went to England in 1918 to sue him but the court held adverse decisions .
His two works were devoted to the study of the Gita the और and the " प्राचीनता of the antiquity of the Vedas .
Tilak had played a major role in persuading Mahatma Gandhi to come to India from South Africa and Mahatma Gandhi was also influenced by his political philosophy .
It is not possible to assess the historical significance and political implications of Lokmanya Bal Gangadhar Tilak ' s trials in 1905 and 1908 .
He was convicted for the crime of patriotism .
He was sentenced to a sea of learning for his own life or even for his own country than for his independence .
Ladies and gentlemen the verdict that our contemporaries pass on us : " The verdict that our times pass on us is not of much value .
What is valuable is the inevitable decision of history and the inevitable decision of history that both these convictions forming the voice of freedom and patriotism are निंदनीय all that Lokamanya Tilak did is the right of every man to fight for his country .
These two convictions have been forgotten in the dark of history and the fame and splendour of Tilak has increased with the passage of time . "
Tilak was tried three 1897 first in 1897 and under Section 124 - A of the Indian Penal Code read an article in Kesari for which he was sentenced to 18 months of rigorous imprisonment .
He applied for permission from the High Court to appeal to the Privy Council but leave was not granted to him .
However the यूरोपीय Justice Davar brushed aside all these legal arguments and pronounced that the trial would start on 13th July 1908 with the help of the special jury of Europeans and Anglo - Indians .
The outcome was known before the trial could start.
The Tai Maharaj case earlier a personal case in Poona had drained all his financial resources .
Fear was haunting him . "
The trial started on 13th July 1908 in the Central Hall of the Bombay High Court building .
Strict safeguards were undertaken before anyone was allowed to enter the trial room .
On the side of Tilak were occupied by तिलक तिलक बप्तिस्ता Baptista Kelkar Bodas and other eminent lawyers occupied the seats to see and assist Tilak .
On the other hand the Advocate General Mr अभियोक्ता . - ला the Bar - at - Law and Mr अभियोक्ता the public prosecutor accepted his position .
The gist of the article 'These Remedies are not नहीं published on 9th June was given to the court and jury .
He said that though the writer repudiated all sympathy with the throwing of bombs and murders committed with the purpose of weakening and सत्ता British rule it was very unique in regard to bomb - throwing .
It was said that though the Government can enforce the ' आर्म्स Act " bombs could be easily manufactured as they do not seem to be more chemical to manufacture .
It was the same ideology that the British Raj was a curse on the country and that if the people had no right to " do so the Government would have to tackle such situations as Russia .
As regards the charge under Section 153 A the prosecution submitted that the accused frequently alluded in his articles in the Kesari to alien rule " of " white " .
He alleged that by showing that " the Europeans were " hostile to the interests of the " native people " the accused wanted to create a racial conflict between the Europeans and the natives .
He concluded that there were three charges which would claim attention of the court and the jury .
The witnesses for the अभियोक्ता Vishnu Joshi . Jagannath से and Inspector इंस्पेक्टर - were examined by Mr श्री Bar - at - Law .
Prosecution witness Bhaskar Joshi assistant to the oriental translator and Inspector तिलक who had carried out the search of the office of Tilak ' s residence in Poona and Kesari were visibly shaken by the cross - examination .
While cross - examining Joshi Tilak proved that the translations before the court were defective and had perverted the sense of the original articles to give a distorted view .
While cross - examining Inspector तिलक Tilak made him admit that the original search - warrant was not for his residence and that he did not know when the interpolation to search his residence was added .
In his written submission to the court Tilak gave the correct English translation of more than a dozen words as presented in the court .
Oppression tyranny and में are भ्रांतिजनक there and have a distinctly different meaning in writings on political .
I admit that the idioms of one language cannot be the same as those of another .
I would like to point out that the translator was not placed in the witness - box but someone was asked to testify to the correctness of the translation .
There can be of course an official translation and therefore a presumption of correctness of the कठघरे but certain passages which were pointed out as pointed out were the essential translator should have been placed in the witness - box .
The charges were based not on the original Marathi article but on translation ; while they should have based on the original Marathi article . not on translations .
It may be said that the defence has not produced its own version .
Tilak 's argument to counter the charge under Section 153 - A was novel and fine .
He said " I can trace a great struggle between the people on the one hand and a mighty bureaucracy on the other; and I ask you to help them not the ones but the whole nation .
I am on the wrong side of life and for me it is only a matter of a few years ; but future generations will look to your verdict and decide whether you have judged wrong or wrong .
It will be a landmark in the history of the freedom of Indian journalism .
If at least one of you come forward and say that I am right I shall be very satisfied because I know that if the jury are not unanimous in England another trial takes place .
Even if this rule is not so it will give me moral support and great satisfaction . "
He ended his speech in these words " I do not ask you for any favour .
I am prepared to stand by the consequences of my action .
You may not agree with my view .
There are two prosecution charges under Section 124 - A and one charge under the charge .
Consider each charge separately and make a decision on each one and I call upon you that if possible I am fair to award justice in accordance with the verdict.
The case is very important to the accused .
The charges are also very serious .
If you think he is guilty you may be लेकिन but if you have any doubt about it and you have any valid reason for this doubt the accused will be able to doubt . "
The gloom hung over the court .
Tilak broke the silence and joked " Let us enjoy pur last tea together . "
Seven out of the nine members held Tilak 'guilty' on all three counts while the remaining two held him innocent on all three counts .
His हिज asked Tilak " Do you have to say anything before I pass my judgement ? "
It was then that Tilak with an inner spiritual courage uttered those prophetic words which are enshrined at the entrance of the Central Hall of the Bombay High Court .
The great. man ' s reply seemed to have totally Trials of Independence निर्वासन Justice Davar for he went on to say rather निर्वासन that the sentence of six years of transportation and a fine of one thousand rupees which he had decided to pass would be " .
He is राजद्रोह of sedition ; he उपदेश violence ; he speaks in support of हत्याओं ; he has not only had the support of their पाशविक and पाशविक deeds of having killed a bomb explosion but you have welcomed bomb attacks in India .
As I said it is only a diseased and perverted mind that can think that bombs are legitimate instruments in political movements .
That would be the diseased mind that could ever have thought that the articles you wrote were articles that could have been legitimately written .
Your hatred of the ruling class has not disappeared during these ten years and these articles have been written as a week by week and not on the spur of the moment but on the account of the cruel and cowardly outrage on those innocent British women after two .
You wrote about bombs as if they were legitimate instruments in political movements .
Such journalism is a curse to the country .
I feel sorry in दंड you .
I have considered with great enthusiasm what sentence I should pass upon you in the event of a verdict of 'guilty' and I have decided to pass the sentence which I considered to be " undue है "
I do not think in accordance with your duty and in accordance with your offence the punishment can be awarded less .
I feel that for a man of your position and prestige the sentence will vindicate the law and meet the ends of justice .
You can be sentenced to transportation for life under the first two counts .
” I considered this charge of being sentenced to transportation or imprisonment and found that in view of your age and other circumstances it would be best for the good of peace and order and in the interest of the country which you would claim to have loved while outside . "
निर्वासन under Section 124 - A gives me the right to transportation for life or for a short period of time and I sentence you to transportation for the first two charges a sentence of three to three years ; the full of six years .
The Advocate General then made an application and withdrew the fourth charge against the accused under Section अभियुक्त .
For at least ten days the country ' s attention had been focused on the trial of Tilak .
For some time now the fear of future danger was lost in the pride which the nation felt in the masterly defence of the eminent prisoner - in - dock .
Newspapers commented: " We are afraid the cow given by seven Europeans on a prosecution started by the government is not likely to be accepted as a judicial pronouncement of any value by the country at large .
The country would look upon it as if the prosecution sat in judgment in their own case .
Coming to the sentence we wish Justice Davar had spared the accused the pain which he was inflicting upon him by trying to palliate the severity of the sentence which he was proposing to give by his sweet compliments to the ability of the accused .
Tilak required no letter from him .
His ability and influence are acknowledged by many of his worst enemies and even the English press in commenting upon his arrest and the action of the government . "
While the भीड crowd waited in the cold and dark outside Tilak was quietly निकालकर away from the back entrance to the Bombay railway station where a special train was ready to transport him to Verma ' s prison .
Tilak ' s conviction shocked freedom fighters everywhere and Lenin called it " the निंदनीय penalty " that was inflicted upon Indian patriots like Tilak .
Foreign newspapers reported that the workers in Europe now had Asian comrades whose numbers would grow by leaps and bounds.
Sri Aurobindo ( 1872 - 1872 - 1872 Aurobindo Ghose ) was born in Calcutta on 15 August 1872.
His father पिता Ghose ( 1845 - 1893 ) belonged to the well - known Ghose family of West Bengal .
When Aurobindo was only seven years old अरविंद his father took him and his two elder brother अरविंद . and Manmohan for England .
He had his early education in an English family .
When he joined the St. Paul ' s School in London as a scholar he had already learnt Latin and read on his own Shakespeare and the romantic poets he could .
He also learnt French and Italian Italian and Spanish to read Goethe Dante and दांते in the original language .
He had started writing poetry in Greek Latin ani English when he was only eleven .
As a secretary to the Indian Majlis Cambridge University he made revolutionary speeches hinting at armed rebellion as the way to India ' s freedom .
Although he had passed the Indian Civil Service Examination he did not join it and returned to India in 1893 with an appointment in the Baroda State Service .
He took thirteen years to reach the post of Acting Principal of the State College at Baroda .
He learnt Sanskrit drama and Marathi as well as spoken बांग्ला the epics the Upanishads and Sanskrit literature; wrote poetry drama and essays in English .
He shifted to Calcutta as Principal of the newly - formed National College ( now Jadavpur University ) .
Aurobindo directed the revolutionary workers to utilise the partition for expanding their activities .
He gave instructions to बिपिनचंद्र for his policy determination and organisation and he initiated the famous daily " बिपिनचंद्र " and joined the English daily of Bipin Chandra Pal ' s Bande Mataram .
He published in the Bande Mataram बंदे sequence of articles on' The Doctrine of Passive Resistance ' अहिंसात्मक out a valid method of execution of the nationalist programme of' Swadeshi ' and ' boycott ' .
In August 1907 Aurobindo was arrested for certain articles published in में बंदे ' but the charge failed because it could not be proved that he was the editor of that letter .
In May 1908 along with 38 other revolutionaries he was arrested where he spent one year as " क्रांतिकारियों " before release .
In jail he had the realisation of cosmic consciousness and the vision of Sri Krishna everywhere and in Sri Krishna he had always the assurance of his freedom of India and of his release for the good of the world .
After his acquittal in May 1909 Aurobindo resumed his objectives with two newly - रिहाई कर्मयोगी the कर्मयोगी कर्मयोगी ( the अंग्रेजी of the ' धर्म ' and ' Religion ' in Bangla ) he published an article in the real motive of Indian nationalism .
One evening in February 1910 he received information that his office would be searched the next day and he would be arrested .
Following his inner voice he left for Chandernagore and then for Pondicherry where he completely withdrew from all political activities and devoted himself entirely to literature and philosophy .
In his mission he was ably assisted by an enlightened French फ्रांसिसी Paul Richard and his wife ( who later became famous as the Mother India ) at Pondicherry on the eve of the First World War .
In 1926 Aurobindo retired into seclusion which was till his death in 1950 .
The trial of Sri Aurobindo Ghosh and other colleagues was one of the Alipore अलीपुर of historical importance as it had happened at a time when discontent in Bengal was at its peak .
It was a trial of enlightened and educated people who came from the elite of the society .
This agitation was aroused by the विदेशियों of the British High हत्याओं and the विदेशियों of the British people in the trial and by the articles of war against the ' विदेशियों ' and ' ब्रिटिश ' . The ' विदेशियों ' Association ' s विदेशियों ' .
From 1905 the political firmament was धुंधलका cloudy as the intellectuals of the country were passing through a state of disillusionment and the विरक्ति spread gradually to the villages .
On 1st May 1908 Khudiram Bose was arrested at the खुदीराम Railway Station a few miles away from Muzaffarpur while Prafulla Chaki was arrested at the रेलवे Railway Station .
Chaki took out his revolver and shot himself dead .
A wave of shock and consternation shook India .
In May 1908 thirty - seven persons including Barindra Ghose बरीन्द्र Ghosh his brother Aurobindo Ullaskar Dutt Hem Chandra Das Upendra Nath Das and others were arrested by the British and put on trial .
In the first period before the District Judge L . 1908 the Inspector P . C . Biswas had registered an FIR on 19th May 1908 showing an addition of other things :
In view of all these uncovered facts the accused who were members of a secret body ( are said to have been accused of offences under Mr Kallenbach . 150 143 ) मेजिस्ट्रेट and under Mr ' s code of imprisonment under Section 121 - A .
Here is a few extracts from his statement .
After I passed my entrance examination I went to Dacca where my brother Manmohan Ghose was Professor and I passed the first year of my graduation education .
With my friends Abinash Bhattacharya ( now under arrest ) and जेल Nath Dutta ( now in jail ) I started the magazine जेल .
We managed it for a year and a half and then handed it over to the present management .
Then I took up the job of के .
From 1907 till now I have collected altogether fourteen and fifteen young men .
I educated the boys in religious books and politics .
We were always thinking of the coming revolution and wished to be ready for it ; so we were gradually collecting weapons .
Altogether I have collected eleven रिवाल्वर four rifles and one gun .
Among other members of our group were Ullaskar Dutt and I do n ' t remember exactly what you like but it is about the beginning of this year .
He said that he wanted to come among us and be useful as he had learnt the preparation of explosives .
There is a small laboratory in his house which he uses without his father ' s knowledge .
I have never seen the laboratory : I have just heard about it .
With his help we began preparing explosives in a small quantity in the garden house at 32 32 Road .
In the meanwhile another friend हेमचन्द्र दास Das in the district of Midnapur district of my मिदनापुर was going to commit my view.
Our party was divided on the propriety of disclosing these facts .
Some thought they would refuse everything and refused to be affected by it but I compelled them to make a written and oral statement to मुकर्जी Mookerjee for I thought that this was going to be caught .
On 23 June 1905 Narendra गोसाईं was को and was released .
The magistrate then charged the accused in two दलों .
In the first batch he charged Barindra Ghose under Section 121 121 121 121 - A and 123 of the Indian Penal Code and committed them to the Court of Sessions .
L. परगना District Magistrate of 24 Parganas charged the accused who were tried with Aurobindo.
" The third sentence was that you seem to have played an offence together with युद्ध रोड Road . 'in Bengal one year before or about 15 May 1908 ; you know that the prosecution of an Indian war Code against the King was normally involved in the magistrate .
" And I hereby direct that you be tried by the said court on the above charges . "
The trial started on 19 October 1908 before the Additional Sessions Judge who charged the accused as follows :
I hereby charge you as :
that you fought against the British King in Bengal for one year before or so under Section 121 - A of the Indian Penal Code ; 32 युद्ध Road बंगाल बंगाल - LRB - सम्राट ) courts - RRB - including बंगाल Road बंगाल Road in West Bengal .
that you tried to fight against His Majesty the King of India at many places in Bengal including मई रोड - LRB - युद्ध - RRB - one year before or around 15 May 1908 - LRB - युद्ध - RRB - and thereby under the provisions of the Indian Penal Code of the Indian Penal Code .
That you went through the I. S. A. trial of July 15 1908 one year ago or about 1908 . रोड ( 32 युद्ध ) Road . . ( युद्ध ) in Bengal and one of the other to fight against His Majesty the King of India .
That you had passed one year before 15 May 1908 or about कोर्ट 32 दंड Road . ( बंगाल ) in Bengal and a number of other people all the offences covered by an Indian Penal Code and the offences covered by Section 121 .
That you passed one year before 15 May 1908 or about ब्रिटिश . 32 कोर्ट Road . ( बंगाल ) together in many places and with other persons until the King of India was destroyed by the British India or her own .
" that you passed one year before or about 15 May 1908 including रोड बंगाल Road . ( बंगाल ) in several places in Bengal and the Citizen ' s code of trial with others and the Government of India Govt of Bengal was treated as unfairly .
Das was inspired by his characteristic role in this opportunity to defend a great sage .
The evidence against Aurobindo mostly consisted of his letters to his wife and speeches and articles .
Das tried to establish that Sri Aurobindo was a deeply religious and God - inspired Vedantist whose patriotism and love for his countrymen were the basis of his politics .
Commenting on the " वाम लैटर " which was based on the question of the spread of the left India round " he remarked :
" The first great ideal which he sets out in this letter is that he is only a part of the wealth that belongs to the trustee .
It is his duty to spend as little as possible on himself for the purpose that he may continue to live and to give the rest to God .
How ?
By working for God ' s means by feeding those who are hungry and by assisting those who are in need.
Only then and then you can give back God ' s loan .
They are not their personal interests ; for which they are determined to survive .
He wants only as much of himself as he is necessary for his sustenance as he will give the rest to God .
The only way to do that is by way of charity by feeding the hungry and by rendering assistance to those who are in need of it .
The other great ideal to which he has pointed out is the faith of him that it is possible to see God not to be real but to see God in his own mind God in the minds of Hinduism .
There is one more thing and he will say that the letter contains a hidden hint at the spiritual guide .
" गुरु Because you know that when a Hindu surrenders himself to a spiritual guide he never discloses the name of his Guru nor the fact that he has done that .
He cannot even tell his wife if he cannot order it .
( विद्यामान ) the law of the विद्यामान ' and that if anybody has been given the rules of conduct described as the rules of conduct on which he has been able to realise God within him then he assumes the shape of his life according to these rules .
Then he comes to his third ideal .
Here he lays the basis of his patriotism.
Unless you realise that the whole world is a manifestation of the universal Being and unless you feel within yourself that this world that you see all around you and this country which is all unreal and which you live is the manifestation of the universal Being .
They are unreal as long as you do not realise the बीच association the connection between them .
But when you realise they are not separated from God but are parts and manifestations of divinity that very moment they cease to be unreal and become real. ”
Das referred to the evidence of many other witnesses commented on them and while summing up said " I must thank Your Honour and gentlemen assessors for the very kind and patient hearing me in this case .
My only wish was that it would have been some other matter which I had to face before the court but since this action was to be taken to me I tried to सुसम्बद्ध all the evidence of this trial before the court .
A few days later he was brought to the Yervada jail in Poona. Mr Joseph Baptista his counsel who had already received papers from the London solicitor Mr बप्तिस्ता interviewed him on 13th September 1910 at the instance of Madame Cama .
The Government of India afraid of trying Savarkar before a regular court of law appointed a Special Tribunal under the special Act to try the case without a jury denying him the right of appeal .
The Tribunal was composed of the Chief Justice of Bombay Sir स्कॉट Scott . Sir N. G . स्कॉट and Mr Justice स्कॉट .
The counsel for the prosecution comprised Mr वकीलों the Advocate General Bombay Mr वेलडन पक्ष Sir बंबई के and Mr सरकारी the public prosecutor .
The famous defence बप्तिस्ता were Mr Joseph Baptista Sri बप्तिस्ता Sri Govin - बप्तिस्ता Gadgil and Sri बप्तिस्ता .
This Special Tribunal was constituted to try three cases against Savarkar .
The first case involved thirty - eight accused ; including Savarkar the second involved Savarkar and Gopalrao ; who were both co - accused in the first case as well and the third case was against Savarkar .
They were tried under eight different charges .
हाथों . . . Joshi S . दत्तात्रेय Kulkarni and इंडिया हाउस the cook of the India House with whom Savarkar was alleged to have sent twenty Browning pistols to India were named सरकारी .
The chief prosecution counsel Mr अभियोक्ता made the opening speech for the prosecution which occupied the first day .
The court then decided that Savarkar ' s illegal arrest at Marseilles did not in any manner affect the powers of the Indian courts to try the law courts .
About three hundred witnesses were examined and many documents were filed .
Majority of the witnesses complained to the court that they had given their statements before the magistrate under torture or for saving their relations from harassment at the hands of the police and therefore they should not be taken as authentic.
After the evidence of witnesses was recorded the Chief Justice asked Savarkar to have his say.
The undaunted Savarkar said :
" I am quite innocent of the allegations against me .
I took part in the proceedings of the trial in England where courts are established by democratic rules sanctioned by the people .
In such courts one can expect justice .
The conditions in Indian courts of law are quite similar .
I am not subordinate to the jurisdiction of Indian courts ; therefore I refuse to make any statement or produce evidence for safety . "
The Advocate General made a long speech which lasted for a week .
Though Savarkar ' s name was last in the list of the accused he began with Savarkar .
The defence counsel also took nearly a week to complete their arguments on behalf of the several accused .
On the अदालत day of the protracted trial on Saturday 23 December 1910 the judges took their seats amid pin - drop silence to the court .
The Chief Justice began to deliver sentences starting with Savarkar .
Mr Damodar Savarkar the sentence of the court upon you is transportation for life and forfeiture of all your property . "
The decision was ex parte and arbitrary solely on the पक्ष evidence of the prosecution .
The legality of his arrest on the French soil did not bother the Tribunal.
Even in this trial Savarkar maintained his न्यायाधिकार argument and refused to submit to the jurisdiction of the Government of India as that would have prejudiced his case in the international court .
The second trial opened on 23rd January 1911 .
After the Advocate General 's summing up Savarkar was कठघरे from the dock of the Bar to have his say.
Savarkar reiterated his innocence and said that he had no direct or indirect connection with the crime .
He asked the court to consider that the alleged part of his so - called partnership was brought before the जैक्सन Tribunal the only evidence that राव Rao had ever received a copy of the पर्चे ' leaflet ' s ' हत्या ' which he was never concerned with the murder .
As for the pistol which was used in killing Jackson the पिस्तौल contended that there was no sufficient proof that Savarkar was the person who entrusted twenty Browning pistols with one of which Jackson was killed .
Notwithstanding vague contradictory and inconsistent evidence of the सरकारी on 30th January 1911 the Tribunal sentenced Savarkar to another transportation for life .
Savarkar then rose and said these memorable words .
" I am prepared to face this rigid penalty given by your laws without hatred because I believe that mere sufferings and sacrifice will bring our beloved motherland from fast - track but steady victory .
The sentenced to two years' transportation to life for an individual is uncommon and राज .
These conditions were :
" ऋले that Savarkar should stay in the Ratnagiri district and that he / she will have to leave the limits of the territory of the district .
The Proceedings of the Standing Court of International Arbitration There was strong adverse criticism in the British and Commonwealth Press on the part of the British Government in refusing to arrest Savarkar .
The French Government demanded the return of Savarkar .
Sir Edward Gray the Foreign Secretary of the British Government was compelled to sign an agreement with the Ambassador M . Paul ब्रिटिश the Ambassador of the French Republic to refer the award of Savarkar ' s ब्रिटिश The Hague to the international court .
The point of view was that if a criminal escape from one person to another reaches the territory of the other country and without completing the rules of procedure in the local police the complaint can be returned to the notice of the government administering charges .
The Hague International Tribunal was composed of M . Graham an Ex - Minister of Norway and Mr हॉलैंड हॉलैंड a member of the Second Chamber of Holland .
M . Louis न्याय was an eminent juris न्याय an authority on International Law a permanent member of the Nobel Prize winner and the Hague Tribunal .
My public life began in 1893 in South Africa in troubled times .
My first contact with British authority in that country was not happy .
I discovered that as a man and an Indian I had no rights ; it would be more correct to say that I had no rights as a man because I was an Indian . "
After tracing the sequence of events tie continued: " I believe that I have worked in the cause of India and England ; carried out in non - co - operation the way out of the असहयोग state in which both are living .
In my humble opinion non - co - operation with evil is as important as the co - operation with good .
I want to teach my countrymen that violent non - cooperation only increases evil and that an evil can only be sustained by violence .
So for the sake of your doing this the law that has been deliberately committed to the eyes of the law is the highest responsibility of a citizen ; if I sincerely विलग the punishment which I strongly दायित्व you and I hereby declare to you guilty .
The judge and the Advocate General the military office and the political leaders all alike strained their ears and were all attention .
Gandhiji took fifteen minutes to read it .
As he was reading it he could feel changing the atmosphere of the room from moment to moment .
Who else could have performed his duty better .
To combine the dignity of his position with the courtesy due to the mighty prisoner before him was no easy matter .
At the end of his judgement he could not find words and passed the sentence of simple imprisonment for six years .
He said " Mr Gandhiji you have done my job in a way by accepting your offence .
Nevertheless the rest of the work being दंड ( दंड ) it is so difficult that it could have been faced by even a single judge in this country .
The law does not prejudice the people yet it is not possible to ignore the fact that you are in a different category from any person I have ever tried or am likely to move forward .
It would be impossible to ignore the fact that in the eyes of millions of your countrymen you are a great patriot and a great leader .
Even those who differ from you in politics look upon you as a man of high ideals and of noble ideals .
The judge then addressed the Banker : " I understand you were to a great extent under your influence .
I propose to pass upon you the sentence of simple imprisonment for six or six months on each of the first two counts that is to say a year ' s imprisonment and a fine of a thousand rupees on the third count with six months' simple imprisonment . "
To which Gandhi replied: " I would say one thing .
Since you have done me the honour of recalling the trial of the late Lokmanya Bal Gangadhar Tilak I just want to say that I feel the honour and honour in associating with his name .
As regards punishment I certainly consider that no judge could give me any sentence less than this as far as I was concerned the entire proceedings were concerned I must say that I could not have expected more than this .
A minute passed after the pronouncement .
He got up bowed and बाहर .
I can now understand that the lowly Jesus of Nazareth में in a manger furnished the only parallel in history to this invincible apostle of Indian liberty who loved humanity with his own heart of the poor " .
The most epic event of the modern times ended .
It started on 15 March 1929 and ended at about four years later .
The trial was conducted on a very wide scale .
The evidence consisted of 25 printed volumes of folio size .
Altogether the prosecution exhibits were over 1 500 defence exhibits and no less than 20 witnesses were examined.
The judgment itself was printed in two volumes covering 676 pages of folio size .
It went on for four and a half years and involved almost the entire leadership of the communist and trade union movements of the country .
During the entire period of the trial most of the accused were refused bail and despite several attempts by the defendants a trial by jury was denied on flimsy grounds .
The Meerut conspiracy case exposed the true face of British imperialism against organised opposition or dissent which could challenge the political and economic superiority of the established order .
In fact it was a determined effort to crush the organised labour movement and Marxist influence in India as all the major industries and operations were then dominated by the British .
The period 1928 - 1929 was significant in Indian history for it was the beginning of an organised left - wing movement ( including all economic and political components ) .
The organisation of the trade unions enabled the workers to express their grievances and strive for better pay and better working conditions .
Although the Communist Party of India had been active for a long time in India the movement could not gain any real significance till 1927 .
It was only after 1927 that the communists at Calcutta during the 1929 - 29 were able to make considerable headway in their efforts to infiltrate the trade unions and the labour organisation and to win over a powerful section of the nationalist देशभक्त .
Even some British citizens were making active contributions to this movement .
Soon the British Government became alarmed and undertook a series of legislative and administrative steps to nip the movement in the bud .
The most important and oppressive step was the षड्यंत्र of the Congress to launch a mass conspiracy case against the prominent left - wing activists who had considerably affected the future of the Indian Communist Party and the entire left movement of the country .
The Government of India was in continuous correspondence with the British Government in England and was taking instructions to adopt legislative and punitive measures .
Like the trials of Savarkar तिलक Tilak and Mahatma Gandhi the trials of Bhagat Singh and his comrades have found a place in the history of India ' s freedom movement .
The Raj could not dim the spirit and courage of the freedom fighters who faced the sentence of death with a smile on their face .
During the trial of Bhagat Singh all established rules and procedures were struck down and when he was convicted the accused was adopted a quite arbitrary fashion .
It is not possible to give a full account of the exceptional daring of Bhagat Singh and his comrades who made a bomb in Lahore in 1928 .
It was a period of unrest in the country with large sections of the population demanding freedom from British political oppression and economic exploitation .
To assuage the feelings of Indians Sir Simon with his party came to India in 1928 on the ostensible plea of looking into the political conditions of the country .
As the Commission did not represent India at its instance Gandhiji called for its boycott .
Punjab under the leadership of Lala Lajpat Rai took the lead and on 30th October 1928 a peaceful procession was taken out for the साइमन Simon Go back on the streets of Lahore " India under the banner of लाला हत्यादि and slogans .
This procession was led by Lala Lajpat Rai and Bhagat Singh .
Suddenly without any provocation or warning lathi - blows began raining on the public at the orders of the Deputy Superintendent of Police Mr Scott and Assistant Superintendent of Police Mr J. P. .
The outer jail compound had strong safety .
Mr Asaf Ali a leading young lawyer from Delhi appeared for the defence while the Crown was represented by the public prosecutor R . B . Suraj Narayan .
The magistrate was Mr F . B . Pool a British judge .
Besides the counsel and the press representatives Mrs Asaf Ali मजिस्ट्रेट Sri Kishan Singh ( Bhagat Singh ' s father ) किशन Bhagat Singh ' s mother and the wife of Ajit Singh were also present there .
Bhagat Singh and Dutt of B were brought into the court at eight minutes past ten .
Entering the court Bhagat Singh shouted in a thunderous voice 'Long Live the जिंदाबाद and Dutt shouted साम्राज्यवाद with " साम्राज्यवाद " .
These slogans created a stir in the court .
The court recorded the shouts and ordered the police to हाथों both the hands of the accused .
" One of the newspapers " wrote :
After the prosecution witnesses had been examined Bhagat Singh and Dutt were asked to give their statements which both of them refused to give .
" On 8th April 1929 you were present in the Assembly ?
Similarly B . Dutt too answered the court ' s questions and declined to make a statement .
The court then heard the defence counsel who made a masterly speech for forty minutes putting forward his arguments .
Having heard the pleas of the defence the court dealt with the alleged attempts at murder under Section 121 - A of the Indian Penal Code and to kill both the accused under Section three of the Explosive Substances Act etc .
Punishment can be regarded as प्रतिशोधात्मक , preventive or preventive .
In this case both the accused appear to have been completely callous as to what might suffer their acts might have resulted in the death of not only one but of several persons who had offered them no form of provocation and who were not even acquainted with their existence .
The accused say that they regard human life as " sacred " .
Their allegation is खारिज by their actions .
Their attitude throughout has been that their acts are justifiable and justified.
This attitude is testimony to the fact that he did not commit the crime to a transient instinct but to plan consciously .
With such an attitude it is likely that what he has done once he may try to do so again .
From a preventive point of view their offences demand severe punishment .
A criminal attitude may seem to suggest that the offences demand severe punishment from the deterrent point of view .
The accused are young men . but they did . and were prepared for these complicated jobs .
At times they even refused to attend the court and had to be forcibly taken there .
This created serious legal and procedural problems as the accused were being tried for murder and the proceedings could not be conducted in their absence .
In order to overcome these difficulties particularly to dispense with their presence in the court the Punjab Government sought help from the Government of India .
The Government of India promulgated an Ordinance on 1st May 1930 1930 .
The ordinance entrusted the trial of the trial to a Special Tribunal like the one which tried the लाहौर during the First World War to be constituted by the Chief Justice of the High Court of Lahore consisting of the High Court judges .
The Tribunal was invested with special powers to deal with wilful obstruction.
It lays down that all cases pending in the court of Rai Sahib Pandit Sri Kishan first - class magistrate Lahore against 24 persons would be tried by the Tribunal to be constituted under Section 4 .
The Chief Justice of the High Court would constitute a Tribunal for the trial of the said cases consisting of three persons who at the time of such constitution were judges additional judges or officiating judges of the High Court .
The Chief Justice of the High Court बनायेंगे a member of the Tribunal shall be made the President and the Tribunal shall give the right to any person convicted by him legal punishment for the offences committed by him .
Even if death sentence was passed it would not require confirmation by the High Court as provided in the " Code of Criminal Procedure " .
If one of the accused committed consciously to appear before the Tribunal or he is constantly पेशी in his or her appearance he or she is likely to undergo violent acts of omission and commission by the accused at such times .
The decision of the Tribunal was final and conclusive and no order or sentence of the court could be appealed against under the provisions of the Nyaya Code or any other judicial statute which existed or anything of any authority.
Not only that the High Court had no right to reconsider any such order or sentence or to transfer the case from the Tribunal to any other area under Section आपराधिक of the Act or to make any other proceeding contrary to the ordinance .
It was an extraordinary procedure and the result was a foregone conclusion .
The Lahore conspiracy trial was held in Poonch House at Lahore and the Special Tribunal started functioning on 5th May 1930 with Mr Justice J . हैदर and Mr Justice Agha Haider and Mr Justice G . C . हैदर as its member . आगा .
The proceedings started at 11 in the morning .
The revolutionaries were tried at two minutes past ten .
Contemporary records say " he shouted revolutionary slogans for a short time and then went on a revolutionary song for eight minutes . "
As before the trial in his Assembly bomb trial in Delhi Bhagat Singh declined to have a legal counsel to defend his case as he firmly believed that the trial was a farce.
You know that in the political field my views differ much from you .
I have always been acting independently without having cared for your approval or disapproval . "
As was known to everybody the भगत court found Bhagat Singh and his comrades guilty .
In the findings of the court there were three kinds of evidence against Bhagat Singh .
The judgment in the case was pronounced on 7th October 1930 : " Having regard to his participation in the deliberate and cowardly murder and to his position as one of the leading leaders of the conspiracy he is sentenced to be hanged by the neck till death .
The rest were sentenced to transportation for life .
They will not be satisfied with a puppet parliament at Delhi eventually set up by the dispensation of the sham at वेस्टमिंस्टर .
Nor will they recognise the sovereignty of the British Crown even if one day it will be exercised through an Indian Viceroy .
We will make our Constitution not at any Round Table Conference in London but here in India in the midst of popular struggle for the assertion of our right to self - determination.
The British Crown धृष्टता to deprive us of this inalienable right .
The way to the establishment of a constitutional government in India is therefore to suggest a radical war against the British emperor who captured India ' s power .
He also separately dealt with imperialism the national revolution agrarian revolution and the Communist International and its relations with communist parties .
Sadly he was not allowed to read his defence in the court .
Had the permission been received it would have received wide publicity and the attention of the people all over the world would have been drawn to it .
The trial was concluded on 6th January 1932 and the judgment was delivered on January 9 1932 .
In his statement before the Sessions Court the appellant prays in aid the works of Hume and अपीलकर्ता which he claims are authorities for the proposition that if violence is permissible to engage in an attempt to overthrow a government .
The writings of Hume and Bentham are quite irrelevant to the present issue however weighty the opinion of these philosophers may be in academic matters .
Having decided to go beyond the stage of academic discussion it was necessary that the appellant should have regard not only to the attractive doctrines of political philosophers but to mundane matters of fact and provisions of the Indian Code .
This court has no concern with the judgement of the appellant ' s claims or the justification of his political thought but the court can give notice of the fact that he was guided by some definite thought and stand incidental and
After this knowledge अपीलकर्ता that the appellant considered the use of force as moral : it is not possible to put an innocent interpretation on his actions or to hold that he was engaged in peaceful legitimate political propaganda from 1921 to 1924 .
After considering the evidence the judge decided that under Section 121 - A of the Indian Penal Code against M . N . Roy was convicted of the charge but still they were reduced to six years' rigorous imprisonment .
After his arrest in 1931 M . N . Roy was kept in jail .
He remained unwell in prison and practically in solitary confinement .
By the time the appeal was decided on 2nd May 1933 most of his friends had deserted him .
He had to make arrangements for further appeal to Privy Council .
All attempts were made to free him and papers were sent to Dr . बैरिस्टर in Germany who was to engage some barrister in London .
Sir Stafford Cripps agreed to look into the papers for filing the appeal to the Privy Council .
He suggested that it would be futile to expect some relief to the Privy Council .
He said that an unfavourable verdict of the Privy Council would not only cause harm to their case but may even make a bad impression in England .
However प्रिवी Roy was of the opinion that as far as India was concerned the situation would not be affected by an adverse decision of the Privy Council whereas a favourable verdict would be advantageous.
In his opinion the extension of the possible base for the British is far - reaching and cannot counter - balance the immediate advantages of a favourable verdict . "
Although Roy wrote a number of letters to express his opinion he handed over the responsibility of taking the decision to the counsel in England a great deal of delay and no subsequent copy of the judgment was transferred to the Council including the prosecution of the Privy .
Thus the trial ended with the judgment of the Allahabad High Court .
Thus closed the trial which had started with the arrest of N . B . B . Das Gupta Usmani उस्मानी - उस्मानी M . Ahmad and S . A . B . अहमद .
There can be no two opinions that the British rulers made every effort to curb any organised movement whether communist or nationalist to overthrow the British Government in India as it threatened their capitalist interests .
Roy was an international figure : he was a man of thought a revolutionary .
His defence speech was as celebrated as that of बचावनामा . in the बचावनामा case .
His arguments and research was subsequently utilised in the cases of UP N . A . and Sheikh Abdullah .
It had only one aim - to launch a final attack on foreign rule in India and free the country .
After the bombing of Hiroshima in Japan in the middle of 1945 all resistance of the Axis powers broke.
The Japanese army surrendered and with it also the officers and soldiers of the Indian National Army .
On 18 August 1945 Netaji died in an accident of air and the dedication of Japan and the death of Netaji changed the course of history .
Some were executed ; some were severely punished and most other officials and soldiers were brought to India .
The government wanted to treat them as सरकार and punish them .
But after the end of the युद्ध war the political situation in the country had undergone a sea change .
The British had already realised that they would have to go now and so fearing for the भारतीयों of the Indians they decided not to be treated as बागियों and बागियों by the officers of the Azad Hind फौज on August 1945 .
At any time बागियों was not proper to treat them too बागियों but at this time when it is being said that they were being treated like ordinary rebels it would be a grave mistake leading to far - reaching consequences .
The Government of India therefore decided that it would be wise to try their cases before the general public and the world at large.
He was advised to drop charges of sedition and the breach of oath of allegiance .
The Judge Advocate very fairly summed up the case of both the prosecution and the defence for the benefit of the court .
It was submitted that all the charges had been proved and the rules of International Law relating to war would not apply in the case of those persons who were officers of the Indian Army owing allegiance to the King .
The defence proved the following:
On the basis of these facts the defence had claimed that in view of the circumstances under which it was formed and worked the right to fight for the freedom of our country as he did .
If such a government has the right to fight but a right which is recognised and acceptable to all countries then under the युद्ध law two free nation or two states can war on one another without engaging the law in war .
The defence contended that modern International Law has recognised the right of subject races not at the moment independent to be so organised as to fight for their liberation .
In the event of the accused being found guilty of on the charge of waging war the court was bound to sentence the accused either to death or to transportation for life; no lesser sentence was permissible under the युद्ध law .
The sentence of the court on all three accused is transportation for life . of jobs and forfeiture of arrears of pay and allowances.
No finding or sentence by court martial is complete until confirmed.
The confirming officer in this case the Commander - in - Chief is satisfied that the findings of the court are in each instance in conformity with the evidence and he has therefore confirmed the findings .
The confirming affirmation officer is however competent to mitigate commute or remit the sentences .
As has been said in the newspapers the policy of the Government of India in the future is to establish itself only such persons as the accused as if they are committed to a fine state of सभ्य action against the King emperor .
The Commander - in - Chief had decided that the sentence should be dealt with by all the three accused and that the sentence of wearing the sentence should be withdrawn from the sentence of death against the three .
He has however confirmed the sentence of बर्खास्तगी and forfeiture of arrears of pay and allowances since it is a most serious crime for an officer or soldier to throw off his allegiance and wage war against the state at once .
To carry out this principle the establishment of the सरकार सरकार in the present or future is a must for the stability of any government .
It was even more difficult for the defence counsel to deal with such a Tribunal .
He had to explain the complicated issues of international law in such simple language that the judges before him were well informed of war and the common knowledge .
It was for this purpose that Mr Desai used his keen intellect and his persuasive eloquence .
None who reads his speech for the defence can fail to recognize the proper applications of an learned and great lawyer .
This was the last trial of Indian patriots by the British government .
The first trial of Bahadur Shah Zafar was an example of British injustice the last an example of justice and impartiality .
Sheikh Muhammad Abdullah Sheikh Muhammad Abdullah was born on 5 December 1905 in श्रीनगर a suburb of Srinagar .
His father died a fortnight before his birth leaving behind a widow . six sons and two daughters .
The family was गुजर by a शाल shawl with the activity of a normal shawl .
Sheikh Abdullah did his matriculation from the Government High School at Srinagar and in 1930 he passed his M. Sc. in Physics from the Aligarh Muslim University .
Early in life Sheikh Abdullah was influenced by Islamic education and history through his धर्मपरायण religious mother and elder brother .
Poet Iqbal also made a deep impact on him .
On entering politics he was impressed by the ideas of Gandhi . Azad हुए Nehru and the AH brothers .
In 1930 Sheikh Abdullah organised the " यंगमैन Muslim Association " to demand better representation of Muslims in government service .
Later he joined the Government High School Srinagar as a science teacher but continued his political activities for which he was soon dismissed .
The first political identity was achieved when he was included in a committee of seven prominent Kashmiri Muslims ( that ) assembled outside the court at the time of Abdul Qadir ' s case the police fired on him from outside the court . It was against this incident .
Sheikh Abdullah was first arrested on 21st September 1931 .
He was elected president of the " Muslim Conference formed in October 1932 .
In early 1939 it was converted into the " National Conference of which he remained the President till 1953 except for the years 1942 and 1944 .
In May 1946 he was sentenced to nine years' imprisonment to challenge the authority of India the 'Quit India' कारावास movement and the right of the Maharaja on Kashmir .
On 29 September 1947 after his release from jail he declared that the future of his state was not to be determined by the ruler but by the people .
Sheikh Abdullah mobilised popular resistance against the raiders and support for accession of the State to India .
On 31 October 1947 he was the President of the Emergency Administration and on 5 March 1948 made the Prime Minister of the state .
In June 1949 he joined the Constituent Assembly of India .
He was one of the signatories to the Constitution an बीच between the Indian leaders and Sheikh Abdullah who had been arrested and arrested on 9 August 1953 as he was suspected of बीच Kashmir from India .
He assumed the role of a mediator between India and Pakistan in their dispute over Kashmir but his approach to Kashmir ' s association with India was very complicated .
His confused and contradictory pronouncements made him a suspect in Indian political circles as also among a large section of कश्मीरियों .
With Nehru ' s death on 27th May 1964 the process of negotiation came to an abrupt end .
Sheikh Abdullah was again arrested after his return to Delhi from Haj pilgrimage on 8th May 1965 for his activities abroad and his alliance with enemy enemies of India .
It is because of its attractive public - sector record character - sketch name राजनीतिक bear the glory of the martyrdom ( शहादत ) and a six - foot डील - long डील both of which were the highest political figures in Kashmir .
Sheikh Muhammad Abdullah a tiger trial ( 1946 ) where law is not based on the will of the people it is the suppression of their aspirations.
Such law has no moral validity even if it can be enforced for a time .
Above all there is a law called the सत्ताधारी which represents the will of the people ; it is a tribunal of man ' s conscience not subject to the arbitrary powers of the ruling class but of the rulers and the people .
This movement did not remain confined to British India but spread throughout the subcontinent including the princely States where the condition of the people was no better than that of the British states .
The Indian National Congress was mainly engaged in an effort to win freedom from the British rule in India while other organisations like the Praja Mandal National Congress in the princely States were struggling to freedom from monarchical rule .
The Amritsar Treaty was founded by the Treaty of Amritsar signed in 1846 on Kashmir a very sensitive princely State of India when the British had sold Kashmir to Maharaja Gulab Singh for a paltry sum of Rs 50 lakhs .
Since then the Maharajas were ruling the people of Kashmir as their private property .
The freedom movement in Kashmir was started by Sheikh Muhammad Abdullah स्वाधीनता Pandit अब्दुल्ला बजाज and others under the guidance of Mahatma Gandhi and Jawahar Lal Nehru and it had taken firm root .
At the end of the Second World War in 1946 when the Cabinet Mission headed by Lord लार्ड Lawrence came to India Sheikh Abdullah placed before it the problems of Kashmir and its people and their right to freedom and freedom .
He said :
As the Mission is presently संबंधों the relations of the Nawabs with the highest authority in the context of the Treaty अधिकारों we want to say that it was a very serious matter for us that our relations in Kashmir which the Sikhs first sold in India were hundred years and more than 100 years .
The then Governor of Kashmir resisted transfer but was finally reduced to subjection with the aid of the British .
Rapid industrialisation has led to deterioration in the quality of air .
The wide use of coal and fossil fuels in industries and petroleum fuel in motor vehicles has aggravated the air pollution problem.
Our atmosphere seems to be a waste - basket into which dust मिटटी fumes toxic gases and other pollutants are मिटटी फेंके .
In Russia a chemical manufacturing complex near Leo Tolstoy ' s former estate has been releasing chemical vapours and fumes into the air for years .
As a result oak and जंगल forests of this renowned tourist area are being destroyed .
India is not free from air pollution though we have a lesser number of vehicles in comparison to the western countries .
The intensity of air pollution in our cities is increasing and our city pollution is no less dangerous than London or New York .
It is reported that about 25 per cent of the student in Greater Calcutta is susceptible to tuberculosis largely due to the risk of increasing air pollution .
The increase in population as well as the rise of industrial pollution ( according to the latest Census the country ' s population is about 85 crores which it is expected to cross the billion mark by the end of the century .
Water pollution has acquired dangerous dimensions ever since sewage and industrial effluents are being disposed into the rivers .
The rivers once considered sacred are now turning murky and बदबूदार .
It is a pity that three - quarters of our country ' s population is forced to drink dirty water without any बहाने the flow of waste water and industrial effluents pose a threat to human life and the problem remains of France .
The Indian beaches are not as dirty as compared to the beaches in other countries .
Inorganic में phosphates and पोटाश been applied to larger quantities of inorganic fertilizers .
They accumulate in large amounts of phosphates and nitrates in lakes and rivers which result in शैवाल of large quantities of algae running away from the algae to the extent of extinction of all forms of water which सड plants and water .
Besides fertilisers numerous उर्वरकों insecticides and herbicides are also used .
These substances are reported to contaminate both surface and ground water .
फ्लुओराइड and gaseous कण accumulate on forage to such an extent as to build up concentrations in excess of 30 ppm on the inside and outside of the leaves .
The leaves of fruit - bearing plants like apple apricot apricot strawberry guava फ्लुओराइड and citrus fruits are damaged by the presence of वायु in the air .
ओजोन which contains ozone . nitrates and other प्रकाश ओजोन is reported to produce early maturity .
Some trees have marked patches on the upper surface of the leaves when exposed to the air containing ozone .
Ozone ground levels are observed in grape citrus and tobacco plants .
Many other gaseous pollutants also cause damage to plants .
Ammonia and hydrogen sulphide are also toxic to plants .
Studies on the effects of air pollution provide information on the chemical nature of air pollutants .
The day is not far when some plant species are used as alarm signals of potential danger to human health before they show medical symptoms of pollutants .
This layer of ozone is of vital importance to the earth as it acts as a screen and prevents ultraviolet radiations from the sun to reach the earth .
Until 1987 the depletion of ozone layer was not of much concern .
Since the detection of a hole in the ozone layer in the earth ' s stratosphere over the Antarctic made scientists sit up and do serious thinking.
The hole has grown since then and now it may extend to an area as large as the United States of America .
After the detection of another hole in the ozone layer by Canadian scientists the concern of scientists has increased and
These holes drift around according to climatic conditions .
Not only holes but also thinning of the ozone layer over the entire surface has been observed.
How do these holes occur in the ozone layer ?
What is the reason for thinning of the ozone layer ?
This is probably due to the use of chlorofluorocarbons ( क्लोरोफ्लोरोकार्बन ) worldwide as स्प्रे स्प्रे स्प्रे स्प्रे in aerosol sprays and plastic foam .
It is important to ensure that the pollution control equipments are operated continuously and rigorously by the बल्कि .
To protect human health power stations power stations fertiliser plants , cement and गैसें industries or any other industry that discharges heavy smoke and toxic fumes should be installed far away from human populations .
Trees have the ability to absorb carbon dioxide and thus help reduce the atmospheric carbon dioxide levels thus maintaining equilibrium in the air .
Many techniques for control of automobile emissions have been developed such as वाहनों capacity building reactors and engine improvement .
धुएं - up may have a significant effect on emission compounds.
For example a high air - fuel ratio will reduce the concentrations of both carbon dioxide and hydrocarbon .
The catalytic reactor हानिरहित toxic carbon monoxide to the innocuous carbon dioxide thereby reducing the nitrogen oxides to nitrogen .
Engine modifications have some marked advantages.
In the modified engine a broad flame is produced for burning of fuel .
Intensive research is on the anvil to produce pollution - free engines .
The effects include तंत्रिका शरीर and damage to many parts of the body with genetic disorders .
One of the worst air pollution disasters occurred in London in December 1952 .
A dense fog settled on the city for four days leading to many death .
From the mortality records it was found that about 4 000 deaths occurred in comparison to a similar period a year ago during the episode and in the following week .
Further a close correlation was found between excess atmospheric concentrations of smoke and sulphur dioxide and mortality.
There was an accident occurred in the बेल्जियम Valley in Belgium in the first week of December 1930 at the first week of December 1930 due to the heavy fog associated with smoke and pollutants from the industrial plants around .
It was reported that many residents complained of respiratory difficulties and the rates of deaths during normal conditions were approximately ten times greater than the death rate due to normal conditions .
In October 1948 there was a catastrophe in 1948 Pennsylvania - LRB - USA - RRB - in a highly industrial area .
This was a rather anomalous weather and the air was almost static .
The death toll was 17 in an area where only two deaths were a normal happening in an equivalent period of time .
At मेक्सिको Rica in Mexico an industrial accident took place in a refinery in November 1950 .
The entire region of Los Angeles was affected for some time with relatively high concentrations of air pollutants which caused irritation of the eyes nose and throat .
A peculiar malady from 1924 to 1927 afflicted fishermen along the east ~ coast of बाल्टिक facing the Baltic Sea .
The condition was termed हाफ . . because it afflicted the हाफ community " primarily .
The disease was manifested with muscle cramps and anaemia resembling गैस gas poisoning.
We all know about rains which shower water .
But have you ever heard of the rain in which acids are showered instead of water ?
Of course this is a new phenomenon occurring since the past three decades in different parts of the world where industries are clustered and where large numbers of automobiles वाहनों .
Rain falls as pure water and on its enroute to the earth reacts with the oxides of sulphur and nitrogen to form acid .
No doubt from the industrial emissions where coal and oil are fired from factories and from automobile exhausts .
Acid rain is thus created by industrial activities that pollute the air .
The main sources are electric power plants that use the energy produced by burning coal to generate electricity .
Most coal contain small amounts of sulphur which is converted to sulphur dioxide when the coal is burned.
Why are environmental scientists so worried about acid rain ?
For it is a world - wide crisis because although it क्षति a large part of the northern hemisphere of the world it now रूख its attention to the industrial areas of the southern Hemisphere and खा associated with the pollution of the modern जंगलों waters .
अम्लता or पानी of water is measured on scale .
As already indicated rain - water has a pH of less than 7 .
Then what is it that makes the ordinary rain - water turn acidic ( वर्षा ) and then the same acid rain on the earth ?
The change comes from industrial gases ( oxides of sulphur ) and from automobile exhausts ( oxides of nitrogen ) .
These gases react under the influence of तनु catalysts and sun ' s rays before dissolving in water droplets and ice crystals to form dilute acid solutions .
These acid solutions fall to the earth as rain snow hail ओस dew and fog .
A peculiarity of acid rain is that while the causative agents are emitted at one place the acid rain falls at another place .
The pollutants released in one country enter the atmosphere and together with the air currents move thousands of kilometres across the earth to fall as acid rain on another .
For example the pollutants released in England and Germany were deposited as acid rain in Sweden and Norway .
While Canada releases much less of pollutant gases in comparison to the United States of America acid rain is still higher in Canada .
Rainfall knows no national boundaries and unlike other types of pollution acid rain is regarded as a global phenomenon .
Since the advent of the industrial revolution in the eighteenth century man has been engaged in discovering varied sources of energy for manufacturing varied types .
Ultimately more coal and fuel have to be burnt and the sulphur contained in the fuel gets converted to sulphur .
The problem of acid rain started in the early fifties of 1950 .
To reduce the amount of smoke released in the atmosphere the use of gas गैस was introduced to reduce the burning of coal in thermal power plants to separate the release of carbon dioxide gas from electrical emissions .
The newer power plants built far away from the cities are provided with high chimneys often more than 150 metres high to disperse the sulphur dioxide so that it would not reach the ground in high concentration .
Most of the sulphur dioxide remains in the air for a long time so that more of it is converted to sulphuric acid .
A recent survey indicates that about 150 million tonnes of sulphur dioxide are discharged into the atmosphere every year which in turn is converted into sulphuric acid .
Two - thirds of the acid rain is because of sulphuric acid .
About a third of the acid rain is due to nitric acid which in turn produces nitric acid by reaction with oxides of nitrogen from automobiles .
It is estimated that each year about 40 million tonnes of oxides of nitrogen are released into the atmosphere .
Most seriously affected is the strip of land running from western New York east into पश्चिमी Massachusetts till North पृथ्वी .
As per one report acid rain has affected यैलोस्टोन national park in the forests of जंगलों .
Thirty years ago the forest was a dense canopy of red spruce trees and balm का .
Some of them are 30 metres high and some are centuries old .
It is sad that most of these trees are dying turning the forest area into a barren hill .
A similar phenomenon is occurring in many countries of the northern hemisphere like West Germany .
It is reported that about 500 million square metres of forest in central Europe alone have been damaged by acid rain .
About 20 per cent of the United States lakes have become waste - are quite clear but राज्य .
Who is responsible for the निर्जीव of these lakes ?
No doubt वर्षा acid rain .
It is reported that trout and salmon have become rare in many lakes and rivers of Scandinavia and Canada .
When the pH reduces - LRB - i. e. acidity increases - RRB - below 5. 5 fish cannot breed .
The accumulation of aluminium compounds in their यौगिक causes problems to breathe .
These aluminium compounds are formed by the dissolution of sediments when the pH of water approaches the acidic limit.
At the same time the variety and number of small aquatic plants is reduced .
Larger plants like Lily may disappear.
It has been known for many years that metals such as steel and copper क्षति much faster in polluted air than in clean air .
पत्थर is also attacked by acids and stone buildings and statues are being damaged in many cities .
Taj Mahal one of the world ' s seven wonders has developed such stones due to पत्थरों of acid fumes emitted by the nearby refinery at Mathura .
For 2 500 years the यूनान or the six marble maidens carved by Greek sculptor फिडियास in 5th century BC adorned the Greek capital of यूनान .
But in 1977 they were removed and placed in the Museum .
The reason is acid rain .
Britain too has suffered from the effects of acid rain as is evident from the वर्षा of historic buildings at Oxford and London .
Acid rain has added a new dimension to international problems .
However there is a necessity for constant vigil in the country as cities like Bombay मुंबई Calcutta and Delhi have fairly high levels of sulphur dioxide in their atmosphere .
Prevention and Control of acid rain is not so easy to control the accumulation of acid as it is linked with a variety of standard activities but the following steps should be taken now to prevent the situation from getting out of control .
Power stations that use coal as कोयले should use low sulphur coal.
The engines may be properly tuned so that the emission from the exhaust is much less .
It is used for insects like चूहों चूहों चूहों चूहों चूहों फफूंद etc. all living creatures that compete with man for food and in this process cause damage to animals and plants and animals .
Chemicals and other substances used to control पीडकों are पीडकनाशी .
Though they save crops from pests they also affect man and domestic animals in the process .
About 1000 types of किसान are being used by farmers किसान Mali and forest personnel and in homes घरों industries गोदामों godowns and shops .
यौगिक compounds are biodegradable and do not persist for long time .
For many years the injurious effects of the Onges had not known .
It was in 1950 when scientists in the USA suddenly observed that the bird population particularly of eagles चीलों . and थी ( a kind of eagle that eats fish only ) was declining.
Careful observation showed that these birds were able to lay only thin - shelled eggs .
A strange phenomenon that was observed was that birds were affected even in those places where DDT had not been spray .
Many years later it was proved that since DDT was not biodegradable it remained unchanged and was carried over by air and rivers to remote parts of the earth and the seas .
So much so that even the प्रदेश of Antarctica ( where there is no likelihood of DDT reaching ) showed signs of DDT in their bodies .
DDT accumulates in the human body too .
It is still not known at what extent this build - up becomes harmful .
A survey conducted in 1989 - 90 indicated that about 600 people died of विषाक्तता poisoning in India and thousands were crippled .
The eating of vegetables in में district of Karnataka crippled the people .
Moreover the decline in the number of natural enemies of शत्रुओं increased the number of new varieties of पीडकों .
Before any serious catastrophe occurs we will have to find a solution to the problem of युद्ध at the war level because India is the largest producer and user of the world data in South Asia .
Recent research shows that our country uses 2 per cent विषाक्तता of the world as a result of which more than 50 per cent of the world' s poisoning occurs here .
Further many toxic substances already banned in developed countries due to their high toxicity and कैंसरजनक properties .
Some of the ways to avoid pollution due to hazardous nature are :
Teach the farmers to use the किसानों at least .
Use selective and relatively safe chemicals
Speed up research in exploring जैव जैव .
नियंत्रण the परजीवियों biological control and use new parasites and predators as enemies of पीडकों .
Encourage the use of neem products like पौधों , which are found from plants .
Use artificial बांझ to lure insects and make them sterile .
Search for more efficient mechanical devices other than those of the devices used at present ( such as light trap ) .
Above all scientists have to be more interested in developing new varieties of crops having a capacity to resist pests .
Nature has taken millennia of years to shape this world .
It has given us a variety of materials to live and fun .
But man seems determined to destroy the world in this century .
He is depleting every available resource at a fast rate धाराओं the water currents . and converting them into कूडेदान .
In fact our planet is a planet with 70 per cent of water and the rest of the earth .
But man who lives at about 30 per cent of this planet is पानी the entire 70 per cent of water into a crisis because of his negligence in the environment .
It is not a falcon from its policy of destruction .
Man ' s activities ( in the name of progress ) and his faith in the priceless gifts of nature have to be seen heard and read to him as he believes in water .
The principal pollutants that have harmful properties of our water resources are industrial effluents sewage and sewage .
In this chapter industrial sub - urban and agricultural pollution will be discussed along with ground - water and ocean pollution .
It is assumed that rivers and lakes are the right places to dump wastes .
Industrial activities generate a wide variety of waste products and are generally discharged into the surrounding water .
All the industries that have been set up in the last four decades have been the production of a variety of waste products .
Some of these wastes are poisonous some are responsible for long - term effects like अपशिष्ट and many अशिष्ट which have yet to be known .
As technology is developing newer types of wastes are produced .
This makes the control of chemical pollutants very difficult .
The industry uses more than यौगिक compounds but of which less than 2 per cent have been tested for its ill - effects .
The हालैंड river in Holland for instance is called the यूरोप of Europe .
By the time the हालैंड reaches the coast of Holland it is 20 per cent sewage and industrial waste .
Inorganic wastes include acids कचरे alkali धातुएं dyes heavy metals . toxic substances ( such as विषैले ) and gaseous pollutants .
Organic compounds also constitute a vast part of industrial pollution .
The table below gives an idea of the wastes produced from various industries .
Table - 2 Industries अपशिष्ट of the nature of waste .
Industries Important Components of Waste
Lead अम्ल mineral acids.
उद्योग Industry sulphide , free क्लोरिन
वस्त्र
,
Petroleum refining
Biological pollutants include bacteria . viruses plants and animals .
The impact of these pollutants on human health and fish health is dealt with in the following pages .
औद्योगिक Both organic and inorganic acids are discharged into rivers in the form of industrial wastes .
Ammonia acts like poison to the fish when it enters the body through the मछलियों .
The presence of excess amount of free chlorine in water courses is undesirable because it is a powerful प्रदाहक .
Hydrogen sulphide emits a foul smell which can be felt when nearing rivers and streams .
Even a concentration of 0. 001 ppm of hydrogen sulphide in the water can emit the smell of clouded egg .
The use of oil in lieu of coal for oil has aggravated the problem of pollution .
Oil spreads over the surface of water thus inhibiting the diffusion of oxygen into water.
Oil is reported to coat the सांस of fish and affect their respiration.
Oil is pushed to the shore by water currents and winds thus गंदा the beaches and making bathing or swimming impossible .
Out of these nearly मर are dead and the unlucky ones are those who survived but with permanent disability .
Even the unborn foetus in the mother ' s womb was not spared.
Most forms of inorganic mercury are converted to methyl mercury by micro - organisms under certain conditions in an aquatic environment .
Fish can absorb methyl mercury from their gills or eat them ; even the small phytoplankton and जंतु which absorb methyl mercury from the water .
These plants and animals are fed to methyl mercury by shells .
The quantum of mercury thus concentrated in the fish amounts to a million times more than that of the surrounding water .
Mercury enters and remains in the brain causing damage .
Accumulation of mercury in body also causes kidney damage and birth defects affecting the foetus in pregnant women ' s womb .
It can affect liver function and cause diabetes and hypertension.
Cadmium ranks next to mercury in its poisoning .
The principal contributor of cadmium is the कैडमियम industry .
It tends to accumulate in the liver kidneys and thyroid and causes high blood pressure cramps nausea vomiting and diarrhoea .
Cadmium tends to be absorbed by suspended particles and settles to the bottom of the water .
For this reason even in polluted rivers the cadmium levels in the water may not be detectable but can have serious consequences .
The हड्डियों - LRB - हड्डियां - RRB - हड्डियों - LRB - हड्डियां - RRB - हड्डियों involving skeletal deformities in bones was so called because it led to multiple fractures arising from softening of bones .
The toxic effects of arsenic on humans are not known yet .
Since the tissues build up a tolerance to arsenic death takes place only when consumed in excess.
इसलिए enters water courses via the discharge of sheep - dipping effluents and through the use of अपशिष्टों and आनुवंशिकता thus affecting the process of heredity .
A persistent accumulation of त्वचा is a potent जीवद्रव्यी poison causing diarrhoea दस्त peripheral neuritis conjunctivitis श्लेष्माशोथ and high fever and also disease of skin and cancer .
The symptoms of metal poisoning appear much later .
Under the conditions prevailing in India the symptoms would be mistaken as poverty consequences .
It may also enter the water supply due to the use of lead pipes or plastic pipes which have been stabilised with lead compounds .
Both lead and arsenic damage the chromosomes thus interfering with the process of inheritance .
Lead above the level of 40 रक्त per 100 रक्त of blood causes brain damage in children .
In 1977 a number of cattle died at गांव a village in Andhra Pradesh .
The temperature of water is considered to be a major feature of the environment as it may affect the concentration of dissolved oxygen the आक्सीजन the rate of biochemical reactions and the physical activity of aquatic animals .
Most species of fish can adapt themselves to a fairly wide range of water temperature provided the temperature gradually changed .
Sharp changes in temperature such as sudden rise or decrease are often harmful .
The temperature changes not only affect fish but also the entire aquatic environment .
If the change in temperature alters types and जीवों of lower organisms then the fish may lack the right food .
The activities of pathogenic organisms are accelerated by higher temperatures and they become more dangerous .
As such if one or two species disappear the ecosystem may not have sufficient diversity left to compensate for the damage .
Sewage Pollutants in Water Water pollution has been a problem ever since we started disposing sewage into our rivers and other water courses .
The problem has assumed serious dimensions during the past 50 years due to the increase in pollution especially with the ever - increasing population .
Plastics are of course ' the ocean too cannot afford to destroy them through its natural purification process .
घुटने and fish which mistake plastic as edible material swallow it and upon swallowing मृत्यु and death .
In 1986 the US Academy of Sciences noted that the world ' s merchant ships dump at least 6. 6 tonnes of trash फेंकते annually.
In 1972 nations including the USA agreed to ban dumping of plastic into the sea .
This agreement however does not consider the dumping of the ordinary waste material which contains a number of articles of plastic .
The developed countries woke up to the dangers of pollution in the 1950s when the इंग्लैंड river in England became heavily polluted and barren .
We failed to learn a lesson from such disasters and continue dumping wastes into the rivers unmindful of the consequences .
The rivers that we consider holy are no longer so but are laden with pollutants making them unsuitable for water for drinking and other purposes .
In passing through Allahabad भागलपुर Kanpur कानपुर Lucknow वाराणसी Varanasi वाराणसी Monghyr भागलपुर भागलपुर Bhagalpur भागलपुर Farakka and Nadia collects litres of untreated sewage and industrial wastes .
The river Ganges is further polluted by lakhs of devotees taking a dip all along its way .
Dead bodies and carcasses floating over its surface is a common occurrence .
It is estimated that every year about 30,000 bodies are burnt on the banks of the Ganges .
राख and लाशें ( or without लाशें ) bodies are discharged into the river बहा which makes it a mere drain or लाशें .
It flows through the Western Ghats of Karnataka for a distance of nearly 800 km through इरोड Erode and वस्त्र in Tamil Nadu and caused a lot of chemical factories on account of chemical प्रदूषित paper and sugar factories ,
कावेरी discharged into Cauvery from these industries is estimated to be about 110 million litres per day .
There are about 400 tanneries in Tamil Nadu of which 260 units are located in the North Arcot district .
In the early years of this century Calcutta was known as the शहर of महलों and उद्यानों .
But the water and air pollution in the city has risen to such an extent that in 1956 the World Health Organization called it the विश्व of the world .
However for the past few years the Ganga Action Plan to clean the river Hooghly is being implemented and by the 1991 report it has completed 65 projects and about 8.3 million litres of waste water is being treated daily .
Shri M . कलकत्ता writes about the pollution content of Calcutta : " The city of Calcutta will be able to withstand the limits of air water and noise pollution as the city ' s health care has decreased to 2000 .
Pollution of water by industrial wastes has led to a rise in the incidence of जठरांत्र - enteric diseases .
Nearly half of the Calcutta population lives in झोंपडपट्टियों ; and because of water pollution the death rate in these settlements has increased considerably .
The condition of some of the major lakes in India is no better .
The पीने Lake हैदराबाद the main source of drinking water in Hyderabad has lost its pristine beauty to become a vast spread of greasy fluid .
The divers engaged in searching for the submerged Buddha statue found that they could not see their own palms .
This water contains sewage and industrial wastes to the minor industries ( around the surrounding areas ) .
Adding to the problem is the immersion into the lake of Ganesh idols made of plaster of पेरिस during the Ganesh Chaturthi festival every year .
However the Andhra Pradesh Pollution Control Board has recently woken up to ban such विसर्जन .
The Dal Lake in Jammu and Kashmir is covered with खर .
This is a recent phenomenon caused by tourists who throw left - overs of their food into the lake .
Encouraged by this waste we have grown a lot of उग in the lake which was very bad in the lake .
The में Lake in eastern India Manipur is the world ' s only floating sanctuary .
It is under serious peril and may dry up soon .
जंगलों of forests and severe soil erosion have led to heavy siltation of the lake .
Experts say that if the lake is not गाद it will soon become a field for drama .
Renuka a picturesque lake in Himachal Pradesh contains abundant varieties of fish tortoise and gharial .
It is reported that the excessive siltation due to mining practices has resulted in increased growth of Elephant grasslands .
The beautiful Chilka Lake in Orissa is choked with vegetation and needs to be attended on a war - scale effort .
Prevention and Control of Water Pollution The principal contributors of water pollution are industrial effluents and sewage .
The time is ripe to plunge into speedy action to avert any major disaster.
Effluent treatment systems have to be incorporated as an integral part of the industry .
Simultaneously some of the following measures can be undertaken :
The modernisation process may be of great advantage in adopting new techniques that do not need water .
Of the 3 119 towns and cities in our country only eight have provisions for complete treatment of sewage facilities at present in the कस्बों कस्बों towns and cities .
The remaining towns have no such facility and this is leading to increase in water - borne diseases and epidemics .
Treatment of sewage alone is not the only criterion for checking pollution .
Every citizen has to realise that pollution starts from his home .
Vegetables सब्जियों paper waste food waste plastic and such other things should not be thrown in open drains but disposed of by the local bodies in bins kept in the streets by the local bodies for discharge .
The elixir of life is a priceless commodity and should not be used .
Without water there can be no life on earth .
After the discovery of oil it became the prime fuel to be used in all the sectors .
Unfortunately this fuel is not available in all parts of the world .
Most countries have to import oil from the oil - rich nations which in turn have to transport millions of tonnes of oil daily.
Since transportation by road or by air is not feasible oil is transported by ships.
To cater to global requirements ships carry oil across the waterways in another place .
The main routes are across the Arabian Sea .
These maritime accidents are mainly due to grounding collision fire or explosion resulting in the release of oil from the ships .
The first such accident occurred in 1967 .
If these hills are heaped together you will become mountains .
Massive amounts of solid wastes are disposed of each day by our consumer society .
According to one estimate nearly 10 billion tonnes of solid wastes are produced all over the world ; and if all these wastes are piled together the Mount Everest will form a mountain as high as Mount .
The world ' s largest consumer nation the USA has the most serious solid waste problem .
Household refuse removal of home refuse commercial waste industrial rubbish and construction debris total more than 700 million metric tonnes daily in the US .
These solid wastes have become an integral part of our life .
Needless to say this wastes devour our precious landscape and spoil the aesthetics of the surrounding ages .
Any unwanted and / or discarded material thrown away in solid form due to our daily activities is called solid waste .
This includes the trash wastes and waste products of the kitchen scraps and waste pieces of old cloth . rags glass bottles glass bottles घरों metal containers cookery wastes घरों and rubbish के from the households ' s fuel ( घरों street ) .
This solves the disposal of wastes and also yields revenue besides compensating for the expenditure incurred on its collection and transportation .
The use of waste as raw material in the manufacture of new products is called उपयोग .
It has two distinct advantages : 1 : the conservation of the present natural resources : For example deforestation in the construction of a ton of paper saves seventeen trees called for paper - making .
Similarly various types of plastic प्लास्टिक are melted to mould into various useful materials .
Biological substances are biological method of कार्बनिक under कार्बनिक conditions .
This compost is an excellent quality of compost .
Cow dung is now used in the production of bio - gas .
The used dung slurry can be used as manure after usage .
Conversion of Waste into Energy At the global level the 130 power plants that produce electricity from the USA the hundreds of these biggest plants into about राष्ट्र 000 MW of garbage per week and generates 68 MW electricity .
But we are unable to produce electricity .
However in Mumbai a plant of जलाने has been installed where the कूडे is processed before burning it .
It is expected that about 80 tonnes of कचरे of garbage fed.
The pellet may be used as an industrial and domestic fuel.
If the plant proves successful plants with renewable energy production will also be installed in other places .
In India and all other laws storage fill up of land from ground - water is considered the cheapest and most effective method of solid waste disposal .
This is particularly useful for low - lying areas around the city .
In this method refuse is dumped in pits and covered with layers of soil .
Land reclaimed by this method can be conveniently utilised for parks खेल sports and other light uses .
This method should not be used in areas where the fertility level is high as this waste water can get contaminated .
The wastes - LRB - from metal extraction industries - RRB - may be used to fill the quarries and mines and the landscape may thus be restored.
जलाकर and ताप are some other methods practised at certain places .
जलाकर of ash means the burning of waste into a residue that may not be harmful to health .
ताप is used to burn in the absence of oxygen .
However these methods are not in great use as the quantity of ash produced by these methods is again a nuisance and its disposal becomes a problem .
Keeping the city clean is the duty of every citizen and the measures suggested above can be fruitful in achieving this goal .
Certain substances ( elements and their particles ) are capable of degrading by themselves and releasing energy in the form of radiation .
The radiation is not visible to our eyes ; but it can penetrate our body and do immense damage .
On 6 August 1945 the first atomic bomb was dropped at Hiroshima in Japan .
The garbage produced by nuclear power stations do not emit any smell , and no harmful gases .
In spite of these advantages wastes from nuclear power plants are considered dangerous .
The reason for this problem is that nuclear waste becomes harmless only after millions of years .
The plutonium produced during power generation ( 200 kg per reactor ) is sufficient to cause cancer in all humans .
Abnormal births mutations sterility severe skin burns and lowering of body resistance against disease are other serious effects .
Constant exposure to radiation causes genetic defects and can affect the generations to come .
Radio - जैवरासायनिक are widely used in medicine जैवरासायनिक industry and biology to determine the process of chemical and biochemical reactions .
Substances administered to patients and used in radiation therapy are now proving important sources of nuclear damage .
.
Prevention and Control of Radiation Radiation from natural sources cannot be checked but the radiation from man - made sources can certainly be विकिरण to some extent .
Forests cover approximately one - fifth of the total land area of the Indian Peninsula .
Many kinds of animals are found in Indian forests .
It is known that there are 500 species of reptiles in Indian forests 2,100 species of reptiles 2,100 species of birds and species of various species of insects .
The forests provide oxygen without which life on earth is not possible .
They maintain a healthy balance of gases in the environment .
They are great जलवायु of climate .
Plants increase the humidity of water vapour from their exposed surfaces .
As we all know forests regulate soil erosion and landslide .
Forests in the hilly regions keep the soil of the rivers मिट्टी with their extended roots .
They retain the stability of the slope of the mountains .
The aerial parts of the plants intercept rain decreasing its जमीन power .
Small plants found in the forest along the earth act as a thick layer of fallen leaves on the ground and as मिट्टी and thus help to protect the water from rain and snow melting .
Forests have been providing us fuel wood and fodder and timber ; many of our industries are based on certain resources which are found in the forest .
The paper pulp rayon . and वनों industries are completely dependent on forest products .
Trees provide drugs like औषधियां spices औषधियां fruit तन्तु fibre , गोंद गोंद रबड रबड rubber and क्षीर .
Raw materials for the dyeing and tanning industries including the leaves of वनों उद्योगों मोम bees बीडी wax बीडी and sandal - paste .
It is estimated that the national income of these products and timber is more than Rs 600 crores a year .
About 40 million tribals live in the forests all over the country .
They not only carry out forestry operations - but also constitute an integral part of the forest environment .
Some of their basic needs like food and fodder and shelter are met by forests .
In short it may be said that forests protect our environment while maintaining an environmental balance caused by pollution and noise reduction of air pollution and decreasing the soil level of soil control soil erosion thus giving a diversion of land and water resources .
Over the years our population has grown substantially .
Consequently the need for fuel and timber has increased manifold .
In the name of production and development trees are cut down and the forests on the slopes of the hills have disappeared and the hills have become naked .
The Visakhapatnam steel plant in Andhra Pradesh has planted over two million trees in its complex.
; Bahuguna the father of the famous Chipko movement has described it as follows : " The cutting edge of the forest is for the cultivation of apples and वनों of forests and for creating boxes for मोटर degradation and मोटर .
Every year we are losing a fertile soil of अनाज million tonnes which is equivalent to the loss of 30 to 5 million tonnes of foodgrains .
If the destruction of forests continues ( 75 sq m ) the problem of soil erosion would be very large .
Forests play a very important role in the conservation of water .
Roots of trees hold together the soil which absorbs water .
The top soil is very fertile and nothing can grow in the soil without it .
This results in the loss of water storage capacity in reservoirs ( already ) of many of our reservoirs .
The increasing and strengthening of the forest areas has become all the more necessary because we do not have enough to meet the requirements of our wood which are free to be used by the exclusive public or private parts of the land .
Every bit of vacant land must be used in various species of plants ; these trees will produce us wood fuel fruits and shade which we plant ; all the trees are supposed to plant the trees let us plant the plant grow to its full size .
It is necessary to educate the masses to protect their land against the widespread environmental damage caused by deforestation in the forest so that they can be made aware of the illegal felling of trees and tell us that the forest seeks to create and preserve their lands .
Trees are our हाथ and each time a tree is cut our chances of survival get reduced .
The Government is awake now and has launched many afforestation schemes .
Acts for conservation of forests have been enacted .
Afforestation programmes have to be stepped up further though at present two movements to conserve forests have become popular in India .
In addition to the Chipko movement started in Karnataka in the case of protest against the destruction of forests in upper valleys of the Himalayan rivers the चिपको movement was started in Karnataka in addition to the चिपको and child trees .
It is my सजाती task to deck her every day to send her to my beloved and see her caressed by him .
O god take back your boon ! "
The god assured her that in course of time the season of flowers would yield to fruit and Arjuna wearied of the pleasures of the flesh would himself seek the real woman in her body .
In the meanwhile O child go back to thy mad festival. "
The surfeit of pleasure brought about its inevitable reaction and the warrior in Arjuna began to long for a life of action and for a love that can last longer than pleasure that can endure even through pain and agony .
His heart was restless सर्प a serpent reviving from its long winter ' s sleep .
One day he met some योद्धा who talked of the warrior princess Chitra who was as valiant as she was noble who had a man ' s valour and a mother' s heart .
Arjuna was wondering who this other Chitra was there ?
He asked his fair mistress who told him that the princess was devoid of a straight folk charm and all feminine charm her very virtues were like prison walls within which छीजती the woman in her prison .
But Arjuna ' s curiosity was aroused and he begged Chitra to let him meet the Princess .
But he seems to have been drowned in the course of his stay in London so that his art goddess had left him alone .
This happened many times in his life .
रवीन्द्रनाथ a man of liberal learning नागरिक and if one was a world citizen he was only Tagore deeply rooted in the roots of his land - he would have died if the कविताओं of his poems and songs were to flow outside India .
A letter written to his niece Indira on the eve of his departure from London is significant.
He writes " Man is only an instrument made of metal ? and should he act in accordance with the rigorous कठोर of the rules ?
The mind of man is so vast and varied ; so many of them lose their claims on the one hand that it must now मस्तिष्क and reel and टकराना .
Such preparations make him a man and in order to prove that he is a mere मनुष्य of material factors .
And who has never felt this weakness who has never किनारे on the brink whose mind is narrow and strait such a man is not truly alive .
This is what we call instinct and we reject in our day - to - day life that serves to lead us out of the forest of evil and evil to the limitless possibilities of our destiny and joy.
She gives up her chase of her and marries the fourth character in the novel से the narrator who is deeply in love with her .
Her renunciation of him releases Sachish not only from her spell but from her obsession with a religious pursuit that was little better than an सचीश .
He returns to his humanitarian mission in Calcutta as a despondent .
The year in which Tagore ' s second important novel रवीन्द्रनाथ घरे ' was published in the same year the three principal characters express their ideas through his diary .
The setting is the political excitement in the stormy years of the first decade of the century when Tagore himself had been drawn into the vortex of a time .
The portrayal of the revolutionary patriot who has no सजीवता to deceive his friend and seduce his पत्नी wife was so vividly drawn that the author was accused of being immoral and अनैतिक
For three years after its publication the critics of the novel continued throwing the pages of the novel . फेंकते an example of the tremendous influence it had on their minds .
I am carrying as it were my तंबू my back instead of living in ruins . "
Coming from a distance his voice was calling him .
There were many new worlds to explore fresh minds जिनसे to meet .
He felt he had something to say and his voice must reach the world ' s consciousness .
In Hong Kong he was very much impressed by the grace and strength of women with the help of a set of physical labour .
Chitra secretly pleased promised to introduce the Princess to him .
She begged the gods to take back her false beauty .
For she has regained and restored her all her enormous gifts to her Chitra and she has सामने to Arjun in her old and true body before the Lord of Kerala " I am an Chitra - पूजा a देवी of Manipur which cannot be considered a पूजा .
If you keep me together as a comrade by your side in the path of danger and TAGORE: A LIFE daring if you let me share the great duties of your life then you will know the true nature .
The play comes to an end with Arjuna ' s words : " Yes my life is perfect . "
The year in which the drama of गद्य was published was his first social farce in prose - work गद्य लंदन ( सामाजिक ) and published a series of comedies लंदन by intrigues and सामाजिक which were brilliant in social humorous writing .
It deals with romantic वैवाहिक and matrimonial के of three young intellectuals and their ladies.
The plot is simple and flowing though it does not have any inter - ऋतु stories or relevant legends and reveals the sheer delight of an easy understanding of the readers as an element of tension.
The dialogue किसी the foreign idiom of this place can be difficult to digest in another medium .
At the end of that year when the annual session of the Indian National Congress was held in Calcutta he read on the opening day a long poem which was known as India ' s Prayer " .
He received a great ovation from all the political leaders gathered on the occasion .
Tagore ' s health was none with him ; the mental strain had a great effect not only because of the strain of his preoccupations or busy but also the inner struggle of the poet and the patriot .
When the patriot or the prophet was roused he would notice that God ' s trumpet lay in the dust and it became his duty to pick it up and call it war .
Tagore was aware of his own conflict and this अनिश्चितता and knew also that his creed of primary duty was like a singer to sing .
He had written earlier in one of his letters to Andrews : " I must give up giving my advice ; at the same time I must give up the role of beneficent angel to others .
There was a complete breach of the orders of doctors which is evident from the number of letters written in his own hand day .
Many of these were the cases of Tagore he espoused and each caused him considerable emotional tension .
Death is the obverse side of life ; it is one with it and I do not look upon it with any particular fear .
But disease is evil and we do not know how to fight it ; it makes one of them completely defiant .
How rebellious his heart was growing gradually it would be clear from the stories and incidents he had presented in his poems which were published in the same year as ' रवीन्द्रनाथ ' .
Two years ago the boy as he had drawn wings to the imagination of his poems and stood on his way to the heaven in a ever - changing world full of everlasting beauty and a sincere self - confidence in which everything अनंतर on its eternal movement .
In रवीन्द्र the poet has come to the land and gone with the agony of life and irony on its fugitive joys and fragile संकल्पों .
The stories are full of everyday life and sad episodes which spring around the lives of women in Hindu families and their frustrations and their nobility and strength of pain .
The bride who heard her own husband is very unwell and is advised to take her to a health place .
For the first time in his परिवार life the house - in - law with her joint family . where her presence is so complicated and painful the body of fresh air निकल with her husband as it were all हवा .
For the first time her big eyes could be seen on her dull face as she walked with the train on the west accompanied by her husband .
At a point falling on the way to शादी where he has to change his car . meets Rukmini a woman called रुक्मिणी She is the wife of a कुली who commands a दुखभरी story and requests her husband to marry him .
At the time of her dying she expressed gratitude for her husband for having given her the last days of her life with happiness .
The exasperated husband cannot forget what he had betrayed with his trusting and loving wife who because she was always happy and gifted to share her happiness with all men.
For several weeks people have not been aware of the tragedy and the tyranny of the people involved with it because of the stiff censorship over the press .
He then did what his own conscience dictated .
He lived up to his own song written years ago : " If they are afraid and ओर mutely facing the wall then O thou of evil luck open thy mind and speak out alone " .
He warned the Viceroy that the country was committed to this extent : " In the history of any civilized government it was he who wrote " Let me जिम्मेदारी the silent voice of all the agony that can offer to my country " .
When the time has come when " awards " and " अवमानना " are still further attracted by our shame in the controversial context of contempt and as far as I am concerned I have come to live with the said people who are worth all this .
It was not the end of the पीडा or नाइट with which something had happened to be attached to his personality ; it was the courage through which he merely पीडा the pain of his people and led a दिलों of historical significance into the hearts of the people .
The British ruling authorities never forgave what they deemed an unheard - of असंबद्धता .
The sweet singer who had been content with his nest and a solitary journey in the sky had now become caught in the net of the world .
To break the lamp of any person is to deprive it of its rightful place in the world festival . "
Once India had a mind which was lit by its own flame fed with its own oil.
Nowadays the university ' s graduates can be better than those who are eager from the other .
The irony of the Oxford University Oxford University Oxford University and a host of other European Universities is as great as Tagore .
We then imagine that after collecting all these good qualities we may get rid of them in a refined form .
We forget that the European Universities are living organic parts of Europe .
The administration of a modern surgery involving the विदेशी of foreign organs is carried out by the formation of a whole man outside the power of science and expectations not only for the future .
Tagore now needed an additional incentive to travel .
He was restless.
The world ' s adulation was like an addiction .
The general and dominant mood however is one of reflection rather than of feeling of calm intellectual detachment of a playful subtlety of thought which occasionally अहंमन्यता into ego .
The satirical pieces are full of irony and wisdom without bitterness.
One of these the parrot . ( शिक्षा ) exposes the folly of mechanical education on the lines of the book against which they have been fighting for life .
In this story a सभ्य bird is taught to read for it in a civilised society it is disgraceful that it should go about merely hopping and chirping left here again .
So a golden cage had to be built for it and suitable pundits engaged to devise suitable methods of study .
The other two satirical titles could be cited : Who is the trial of the Horse the हार्स and the हार्स ?
The former is concerned with the catastrophe of man who holds his self - interest by harnessing all things living and निर्जीव .
When the gods wake up from their periodic fit of slumber and discover what man has made of creatures who were designed for other purposes they frown in anger .
Brahma ! the chief of the gods who is in charge of this special portfolio warns ब्रह्मा Man " If you do not leave my horse I shall take care that your teeth and claws are like tigers . "
The human being opposes them ; it will not act as gods .
These are the शरीर of the mind of humanity ; if one of them is paralysed the body will survive . "
On 15 May 1920 Tagore sailed for Europe accompanied by his son and daughter - in - law .
In England he was happy to meet his old friends and colleagues .
He could however see that the atmosphere there after the war was not as cordial as it were .
Tagore ' s condemnation of war : his blunt account of the British rule in India and above all his main reason was : " नाइट ' which had cooled the heat of old युद्ध .
When I think of all this my thoughts shiver with cold and I feel सताने for the sunny corner in the sun . "
A co - traveller on this board was the Agha Khan who would recite to him Hafiz and other Persian poets.
This might explain his writing later from London in मजाकिया : " The poet Hafiz was willing to exchange the wealth of Samarkand and Bokhara for a mole on the cheek of his wives .
I am willing to give the whole of London away for corner in Santiniketan .
The debate in British Parliament on the Jallianwala Bagh tragedy and the public . of General Dyer ' s heinous conduct in ordering a general massacre of the ब्रिटिश pained him deeply and undermined his earlier faith in the British sense of justice and humanity.
Among the speeches delivered by MPs for this barbarous act of terrorism which is apparent from the newspapers of those places : Mahatma Gandhi ' s voice and character are घिनौना genuine and absurd of our views .
But as soon as he met the ब्रिटिश of the British without any shortage his mood underwent a change and he cultivated some faith and joy .
A few days earlier he had written to Andrews : When I am in the west I find myself far better than ever since a very active mind came into a world of active character .
I miss here my sky and light and leisure but I am in touch with those who feel and express their need of me and to whom I can offer myself. "
This self - centred mood must have a suspicion ; so he promptly added to it ; there is a possibility that some days later it is not necessary for him to know my views but my personality is far less important and less important .
He was scrupulous in this matter and his heart knew that ultimately human glory was rooted in the hearts and the rest came to him .
When he was identified by Lawrence of ब्रिटिश who moved by a free fighter and had told him that he was देश from going back to his country because he had entered a settlement with the British Government and had to keep it .
looking at the problems of India Lawrence told Tagore that in order to be able to respect with an Englishman it would be more uncompromising to identify one ' s brother than to attack it because it concerns itself and others.
The letters written to C . F . Andrews during this visit indicate the beauty of Rabindranath ' s mind the most expeditious period of अवसाद ' s sorrow and the occasion he had won for an international understanding of how fast the poet विश्वभारती .
He went to New York and delivered lectures there in several meetings in the city and in other towns . A New York speech at the शहर सिविके Forum had never been heard by a large number of audience before him .
But even if he had any hopes of raising funds for his University he could not have been satisfied .
He thought that a young and a new nation . who had just recovered the warring nationalists from a disastrous war would appeal to his international university functioning as an active centre for the promotion of human wisdom .
As a matter of fact the initial efforts of this general forecast ( unfortunately owed little by the enthusiasm of the near and dear ones ) that he needed the US dollar to मूर्त his ideal and पीडा with the pain of a deep shame .
In a letter to Andrews on December 13 he लिखे : " I am convinced by myself that my efforts are to shape a great and great plan but I know from the simplicity of my heart .
When we realise in some measure our ideal of perfection in our work it matters very little what its dimensions are .
We often believe in its झकझोर so much that it झकझोर our faith in truth . "
Only four days later he wrote to her : " When the Buddha was walking about along with the terrible wind of dried leaves in the havoc with the terrible human soul the Lord spontaneously broke into a pool of milk and a star .
This message went straight to my heart .
" The milk - worthy you will find without asked me " he said to me " On the day you are fulfilled your penance . "
Every morning I sit near my window and say to myself " I must not bow to my ugly idol worshipped by the west at this time .
I remember that morning at Shelidah when the Vaishnava woman came to me and asked me when will you come down from your three - storied building to meet your love under the shade of the trees ?
" At the highest level of a tall graceful structure I can hear no whispers from the highest tree but it is love which comes down to me and which low to say ' घास '
I try to say something about money but it sounds so ludicrous and yet so tragic that my words grow ashamed of themselves and they stop. "
This third visit to the United States was a very successful one in personal and human contacts and should not be judged by any means less than the million dollars he failed to डॉलरों .
There had been a meeting of him earlier but there also developed a new friendship with some which were remarkable two women - Helen के and Jane और .
More important was the स्ट्रेट Strait and Leonard . of लियोनार्ड who with whom he founded a strong bond of life at that time a student of agricultural science and later married एलम्हर्स्ट .
With एलम्हर्स्ट रवीन्द्रनाथ a specialised centre at Santiniketan for experiments on the regional development of rural education and economy एलम्हर्स्ट Nath and his wife came forward with रवीन्द्रनाथ रवीन्द्रनाथ who helped Tagore build a model of an international and cultural centre with him .
In March 1921 Tagore returned to London from where he first landed in Paris .
From Paris he spoke in the newly established French University of फ्रेंच on the Message of the Forest .
Proceeding to Geneva he spoke at the Rousseau Institute on Education .
While he was छुट्टियां at जर्मनी he received the news that a committee formed in Germany consisting of eminent writers and scholars had celebrated his वर्षगांठ birth anniversary with a gift of a large collection of German classics to the Visva - Bharati Library .
Although Gandhi was a more incorrigible idealist than Tagore he was a revolutionary leader of men and was obliged on occasion to give a dramatic shape to the people and to exaggerate certain aspects of it to rouse adequate mass fervour.
Like Nelson he often held the telescope to his blind eye and दूरबीन ca n ' t see what he saw but Tagore who was परेशान all this with an eagle eye .
Sudden upsurge of patriotic zeal in the masses who had never understood it for a long time and had hardly any historical memories of such phenomena was bound to result in an exaggerated sense of self - righteousness and a contempt for everything foreign .
Tagore who was denouncing this very aspect of nationalism in other countries found the sight extremely painful in his own country .
To me humanity is rich and large and many - sided. "
शिष्य take from the Master not what he wishes to give but what he wishes to take .
This deep concern was not merely verbal and poetic .
He did whatever was possible under the circumstances to help these ग्रामीण helpless children of Providence grow into self - reliant adults and thus initiated the first experiments in rural community development programme .
The country was under foreign rule which rested on the support tacit or active of the vested interests and it was no use expecting of the Administration any other interest save in law and law .
Moreover Tagore was not found proper for the betterment of the society where a person was indifferent to his efforts and in such cases was waiting for the help or direction of the state where he could help and be most important .
If the state did everything for the individual people would continue to remain big and unfortunate children not of the same fate but of the state .
His programme of community development was therefore based on the twin principles of self - help and realisation .
Here also the realisation was essential because if people were to be less through their efforts it was not because they had lost their political independence or were physically or morally handicapped in the way of social आत्माएं .
They were totally ignorant of the most elementary scientific knowledge and संदेह they believed blindly and पाखंड in every kind of religious पाखंड - पाखंड were संदेह of the real miracles of science .
Their misery and apathy were evidence enough that no misfortune was greater than ignorance and no sin greater than to डूबे in it .
It was an realisation that took place as a result of the मशीनी memories of his school life which would be the rendering of the Indian गावों system of training and education for the rehabilitation of the गावों egg अंड and the slow up of the Indian village system of education .
Tagore is right from the point of view of eternity .
He is a सारस poet like a kite - sized cranes calling him a believer in our music which sings songs in the ruins of times .
He lives in eternity.
But for which the present desire also seems to be very essential . "
Gandhi published an article in Young India a powerful rejoinder to the poet ' s challenge .
He hailed the poet as the Great संतरी whose warnings against moral pitfalls must be listened to with ससम्मान but the Mahatma goes on saying that his misgivings were not without any basis .
In the end he भर्त्सना the poet in the midst of fire in the house .
He presents to our admiring gaze the beautiful picture of the birds in the early morning singing hymns of praise as they soar into the sky .
These birds must have had their day - to - day meal and as a result of rest they would be able to fly out of the wings in whose veins the new blood had flown the previous night .
But I have had the pain of watching birds who for want of strength could not move even their wings .
The human bird under the Indian sky gets up weaker than when he pretended to retire.
" Give them work so that they may eat .
The question may be asked why should I be the spinning wheel which does not need to work for a meal ?
तब the source of the coin that finds its way into your pocket ; then you will realise the truth of what I write .
Let him burn his foreign कपडे that is the duty of today .
God will take care of him tomorrow. "
' How full of despair and tragic words are Remain Holland : " It is the tragedy with us that the world is कलापूर्ण before the dream of artistic perfection and कलापूर्ण deny my existence .
Who does not sympathise with his passionate emotion and share it ?
Tagore himself used to attend Levi ' s classes .
On 23 September 1921 Visva - Bharati was formally inaugurated and the land जायदाद buildings and other properties at Santiniketan were legally transferred to it by a trust trust .
Tagore also made a gift of the copyright on his Bengali books published till then .
The Nobel Prize money had already been donated to the school .
In the midst of these उत्तेजनाओं he continued to brood on the political scene in the country until the subconscious churning of the mind found a dramatic expression in a symbolic play which was written in January 1922.
The play which was in a sense inspired by the personality of Gandhi and the campaign of non - violence which was named गांधी नाटक is a tribute to him .
The background of the play is the political subjection of the people of the neighbouring kingdom of राज्य .
To bend the subject people to their wishes the king of राजा had built a large dam on the मैदानों the only means of their परस्परता to prevent their waters from flowing down to the plains .
Its engine - tower dominated the landscape and छोड die trident of the temple of Siva on mountain top .
This remarkable play was never staged.
The author read it out to a group of friends in Calcutta in January 1922 and later made preparations to stage it but before the play could be staged the news came of Mahatma Gandhi ' s arrest trial and the sentence of rigorous imprisonment for six years .
The dream of making Santiniketan a world nest where kindred spirits would gather from different parts of the world was coming true .
What was originally planned as hermitage was becoming a cosmopolitan hive of giant honey .
Whether this picturesque beehive produced more honey than buzzing it is difficult to say .
Much of the new work was done and the benefit was reaped not only by Visva - Bharati but by many other universities .
The stimulus however was enough for the poet to imagine that the world was becoming one and that he had only to travel more to win men ' s hearts for his ideal.
There is hardly any illusion more exhilarating than the belief that one is healing the world ' s wounds and Tagore was neither the first nor the last man to take the yatra .
There was no need for any missionary zeal or to urge the नेशन्स to remove the skin of the hair but a true lover of the modern hero who had understood the world and wanted to achieve it on the basis of his नेशन्स the United Nations .
Not content with touring in his own country he thought of visiting China .
Nearly a thousand years had passed since the last band of Buddhist monks had carried their Master ' s message of compassion and peace to that land .
Tagore wanted to restore the ancient cultural link between the two countries which had been snapped for so long .
He could not have been because China and India had in the meanwhile drifted too far away and each land was seething in its own ferment.
The Chinese intelligentsia had grown impatient of traditional values and virtues and were western - oriented.
He had already recognised that nationalist solidarity materialist commonsense and a ruthless application of science and technology could alone lift his traditional country from the दलदल into which he was buried .
They were more amenable to the rational scepticism of a Bertrand Russell than die mystic insights of a Rabindranath Tagore .
He looked upon the Indian poet as a reactionary idealist a futile visionary and viewed his visit with indifference though not with hostility.
Tagore understood this mood and temper with some aspects of which he was familiar in India and his lectures in China delivered mostly extempore show with what understanding and sympathy he approached the Chinese mind .
He has not experienced any well - known or unknown ideal or या - because there was none in this country of his literary method .
He was the first Indian to give it form and as the short story of the Indian writer has become very popular then there is no other one to compare him in this field perhaps something that leaves them behind.
Many of these stories were suggested by some scene or incident or character he observed while he lived in his house - boat on the river Padma the house - boat too was named Padma .
The genesis of some of these stories which he wrote during this period is referred to in his letter .
He kept looking at the ghat of the river covered with moss and wonders how much the stones would tell if the stones had been spoken .
One such story is the घाट tale ( the घाट of the Ghats ) : he recalls his old tale as if a small and lovely girl would bring her to the river and catch her aspects so lovely that she could catch their shadow .
Kusum loved water as though she belonged to the village .
Soon a time came when she ceased coming and the ghat gathered from the talk of her companions that the little Kusum had married and left her husband ' s house to the other village .
Days rolled by .
It was early autumn when he set sail in the Japanese boat . - जहाज and the music of autumn stirred in the poet ' s heart .
He forgot his mission and was once again a lover and a singer .
Not sermons but poems poured out of his pen exquisite in their wistful विचारमग्न .
The 63 - year old poet was entering the evening of his life and the mellow richness of the evening melody pervades these verses .
During the voyage near the अर्जेंटीना coast Tagore suddenly took ill and was obliged to disembark at जहाज ब्यूनस where a heart specialist advised complete rest for some time .
Tagore knew no one in रवीन्द्रनाथ - विक्टोरिया but fortunately the charming and talented Victoria खातिरदारी entertained him and was happy to find a charming and secluded house in San में on the bank of the river .
The visit to Peru had to be cancelled on the doctor ' s advice .
Tagore was not unhappy with this because during his voyage the poet had triumphed over a religious प्रचारक and he was happy and happy to watch the river flowing from the balcony .
The old memories will bring the flute to its lost rhythm .
Her language I do not know but what her eyes said shall forever remain eloquent in its grief .
On January 4 1925 the poet and his friend . bade goodbye to their host and sailed for हुए .
He hurried away for he felt guilty that he should be happy and enjoying himself when his country needed him .
But when he returned to his own land he felt that his happiness was more creative than the one who helped him in the long run and he wrote to Victoria विक्टोरिया in an interesting letter from Santiniketan in August of that year .
" You express regret in writing that I could not wait until the end of the summer in a beautiful house on your river bank .
You do not know how often I think I can do so .
There was some responsible lure which made me to draw from that soft corner but I now know that when I was sitting in the shade of those dreary hours I was खींच .
I can assure you that the flowers will break into obscurity so long as the laboriously built towers of my beneficent deeds will crumble into obscurity .
Soon after his return to his country his elder brother Jyotirindranath passed away .
Returning to Santiniketan he wrote on the basis of a mythological Buddhist legend which he had earlier used in a poem . a play ( Worship of the नृत्यांगना ) .
This was one of Tagore ' s simple dramas both conventional and passionate हृदयस्पर्शी and entirely free from symbolic significance and intellectual नाटकों which makes his other plays at once puzzling and fascinating.
They are based on a simple religious emotion which rises to a pitch as the story ends in भक्ति bhakti .
The Buddha identified the जाति of the Vedas and the जाति of the Hindu race the worship of a divine being cannot be the monopoly of this caste nor can its idea always be captured in any frame of the Vedas .
Real worship is what we surrender to the call of the best truth .
The sage नृत्य his learning the man of action his deeds the poet his songs and the humble Nati her dance .
Thus the dancing girl by her sincerity and devotion विजय the so - called degradation of her calling and मृत्यु by her death the innate majesty of her spirit .
One other point of interest to note is that there is no male character in the play .
The introduction of the introduction of the Buddhist monk into the भिक्षुक was a later addition to enable the author to satisfy the public clamour for his appearance on the stage.
He was also received by King Victor विक्टर III and attended a performance of his play Chitra in इतालवी .
But more than the King or the राजा Tagore was keen on meeting the philosopher . . who was at that time virtually home - interned in घर .
Some friends took the risk of theft to Rome where they could meet each other .
While he was being feted in his almost royal tour of Italy he did not realise that तबदील and distorted versions of his speeches and interviews were being तबदील by the Italian press to boost the fascist regime.
He was ashamed and hurt at his failure and wrote to इटली : " I have the letter to him " I have not gone by the फंस so that I am in such a fashion ' s last journey why I should avoid Italy .
Then to the exact words of the words' wholly चुहल ' You will give me your ship along if you have any one .
I shall take immediate action .
As for religious and historical standards in the country the political class in the legislatures and the rise of a new economic class in the new world the noble houses of the aristocratic families which lost their wealth but not उद्योगपति and उद्योगपति the industrialists on one side.
Kumudini the lovely and gentle daughter of the former is married to the rising millionaire . and हठधर्मी one of the few flesh - and - blood vessels of Tagore who have truly become alive .
, to imposing his will on the human and mechanical tools in the end he imagines he can possess Kumudini merely because he is his wife ; but soon discovers that though he can possess her body the real she . his body .
The psychological interest of the novel lies in the gradual and almost imperceptible transformation in the husband ' s feelings towards her .
At first brutal violent and लोलुप they are gradually inhibited by sudden spasms of tenderness and awe which he cannot understand having never experienced them in any other sphere of life .
The दबंग and दबंग master loses his self - confidence and like a अनाडी पहुंचता reaches what his hands cannot grasp .
The end of the novel is unfortunately weak a failing which many other novels of Tagore share.
It looks as if the story says has become a one - time horror and one way is to put an end to the bed - chamber to demand a second story or to stop them shouting and fear the author .
Even as Rabindranath was writing this novel and probing the spiritual आध्यात्मिक of mere success he was himself getting restless for fresh fields .
The missionary zeal once again proved stronger than the creative and in July 1927 he set out on his ninth foreign tour this time to tour the neighbouring lands of South - West Asia .
His aggressive self - satisfied character is shocked when he accidentally encounters and falls in love with a quite different product of modern education a highly intelligent girl of fine sensibility and deep feelings.
The experience is so different from the past experience of the love - cycle that it all seems to him as a shock - that makes him feel the depth of his faith which he finds hard to adjust with his old मुद्रा habits .
In the meanwhile he finds a new romantic change in himself .
This struggle makes him a curiously pathetic जूझ who is being fought against his claims .
Sensing the tragedy she releases him from his जिंदगी and disappears from his life .
This is the last poem in which he takes farewell of his lover - a testament of the depth of feeling of which he deserves .
Here is a stanza passage in which the texts of the original are preserved : " You do not lose me and you are a tiny piece of dust from the soil made of which you have converted .
Not only did Santiniketan survive in Santiniketan which had gradually become a small urban garden called the देश जमीन of the whole country but it now got full impetus from the governments of the country .
One of his most characteristic works is the collection of poems on varied seasons on the life of trees and flowers .
1928 was a fruitful year and it may also be said that because of his better health he was on his own soil.
It was in this year too that Tagore began his experiments in an entirely new and unforeseen medium of creative expression painting.
Although he had never ceased to agitate he freely moved his pen .
Most of these अभ्यासों exercises were induced by what he has called " अभ्यासों in my manuscripts ” and भर्जन which he hated to leave alone as a दुर्घटनाएं scratches .
Kusum told her name .
Then suddenly Kusum disappeared again and did not come to the ghat or to the temple for a long time .
One day the Sanyasi sent for her and she came to her and sat before her with downcast eyes .
When she asked him about his absence she said that she had deliberately kept away because she was ashamed of her bad thoughts and was unworthy to sit beside a holy man .
When the Sanyasi cross - questioned her she confessed that she had a dream in which she found the Sanyasi making love to her .
Since then the dream has obsessed her in her waking hours and she has not seen the Sanyasi as other than her husband or lover in any other way .
When he recovered his poise he begged of Kusum to forget him and disappeared from the village .
Kusum slowly came down the steps and stood looking at the water.
" He had loved this river since his childhood and if today in the crisis the river did not take her in its arms who else would offer her shelter .
Strange as it may sound he looked more handsome in old age than as a young man this is not only marked by his photographs but also by those contemporaries who had seen him at both the ages.
No one else must have said with such confidence - Get old with me when he is yet to be good : the mirror of the end of life for which his mind was born ' whatever the age cast on her .
Like Mahatma Gandhi he discovered with the years that truth was higher than any religion and human good more important than any philosophy or thought .
If he was not a writer of गीतांजलि and a great exponent of India ' s spiritual heritage he could not have taken the trip to the Soviet state as a pilgrimage .
In a letter he wrote : " If I had not gone to Russia my life ' s pilgrimage would have remained incomplete .
Who are trying to destroy the power of the powerful and the wealth of the people ? and asks why should we be afraid of them ?
And why should we be angry ?
This is one of Rabindranath ' s earliest stories .
In Rabindranath ' s imagination Nature has always been an active character and here too not only Nature but inanimate matter are a part of this story and this is what helped to create an atmosphere of pathos and surprise by the structure of the story .
In a similar vein the Highway tells the story of what it has seen of secret प्रेम and frustrated love .
In almost all these stories the author ' s tenderness and sympathies seem to be monopolised by women generally young girls and little children .
His portraits of children and teenagers whether girls or boys are drawn with सौकुमार्य and with their मानस and romantic mind truly remarkable understanding .
But in any case their formation in these early stories is not primarily the aspect or character of a character but the formation of a mood the formation of an atmosphere or of an unsuspected character or कलाप .
This swift and intuitive grasp of the human potential of an event or situation was akin to his lyrical genius which responded quickly to every impression from outside .
And so when he read a book of the town the young man got re - restored in the form of a post - master he could see how he felt amazed at the time of the youth .
When the story was published in में he came to me full of मुस्कान smiles as he बातचीत touched on the sound of the tale .
The author could have imagined that the problem of human relationship and that of an ordinary and unsophisticated girl should be written about a potential tragedy which might have attained her love for her .
Likewise he must have often noticed in the streets of Calcutta big hefty strangers from Kabul घूम dried fruits and nuts .
But surely thought Rabindranath they too were human and must love their children as parents do all over the world .
So the dreaded काबुलीवाला becomes in Tagore ' s story of that name one of the most lovable characters in Bengali literature .
It is a story from K अनपढ असभ्य and Hill man who came from the high low hills of Afghanistan : a friendship between a five - year - old girl child and a close personal passion and deep personal passion and human relationship .
These stories are of various kinds and in varying techniques mainly suggestive and suggestive illustrating the different aspects of Bengal life and depicting varied types of characters from many classes and walks of life .
It is because of its fine observation and liveliness of minds and the consummate blend of nature and life and at the same time this formidable combination of the basic elements and the लेखकीय with which they became an आक्रोश of the greater human phenomenon and outrage against injustice .
" I ' ve seen my body swimming in the dark evening full of conscious rain in the same darkness like the shadow of a dream filled with endless thoughts and pain . "
To melt at one point and disappear in the darkness without end . "
What I had done for my presence on the stage was nothing from the rising of the veil . Nothing was removed from the stage even after the removal of the veil . All the tactics I took were prepared to प्रभाव the pitch .
But there is no regret for it has seen the farthest limit of being and is struck with surprise .
Not all the poems are self - exploratory or आत्म .
The last two verses of this slender sheaf show an acute awareness of the tragedy that was hovering over Europe and was soon to engulf it .
He is angry and would like to कहर an कहर upon the औरतों whose gruesome hunger spares neither women nor children .
He would like to speak French words of love and compassion but he realised that they would be far more unsuccessful .
He was true to each mood and phase as he experienced it : this passionate sincerity which enabled him to challenge and surpass himself again and again was his most consistent virtue as it was of Mahatma Gandhi .
But as the spring came he was seized with the all - time music of the song and his own play was to transform the नृत्य girl into a dance .
This was one of his most powerful and powerful dance - dramas which was staged in Calcutta in March the author seated in a corner of the stage .
With his deep insight and sympathy the Mahatma realised that it was futile to expect the poet to stick to his old assurance that he would not risk his health to stage performances in the cities .
The raising of funds for his school and university was only an excuse or at best ; the creation of the artist and his creation at the forum of a small village in the East Himalaya .
There on his birthday he wrote a magnificent poem with which a new book of poems published later in the year as कविता Evening शुऋआत
A foreign girl sings in a foreign voice .
It looks like in a poem written in the name of the train ' s train it is a living image of life crawling into the dark and full of people sleeping in the compartments से with an endless journey towards the Infinite .
Although a stranger they believe him जाते and put on bed and dream of a distant morning . "
In another poem called कविता he is happy to see the crowds on the platform .
And in the end everything will disappear and melt into the dead room like the missing pot when the meal is exhausted .
Why ?
The शहनाई is a sophisticated Indian flute capable of a haunting melody and so are the poems and poems in this volume sweet and haunting .
And he was not in any way proud of what he had done - he was a true prophet . "
Part of the summer was spent as in. the year before at Mungpoo and Kalimpong .
His dearly beloved nephew Surendranath had died in Calcutta .
He sat quietly without uttering a word when he heard the sad news and after a long silence he expressed his feelings in a short and moving poem .
Both Andrew ' s death and this death must have reminded him that it would not be long before he too should go the same way .
He had repeatedly reiterated that he was sitting by the river steps waiting for the ferry to take him to the other shore.
It seemed to him that after centuries of fiery penance on her bare rocky seat the earth had received the boon of flowers it was to greet the advent of man in her lap .
Can such expression be found in this vast universe of myriad ब्रह्मांड and से ?
He expressed his horror संत्रास and anguish in two poems he wrote in the latter half of May .
How do men seemingly civilised turn suddenly into dangerous दानव ?
He is hurt humiliated and unhappy but does not कोसते or curse.
He is in a chastened meditative mood inclined to view his fellow - men ' s misdeeds in the wide perspective of history .
Although he was not ready to give up his hope the dundubhi was beating the time - storm .
However dismal the present the poet cannot give up his hope for the future .
Faith in the ultimate में of man is in the essential divinity of his spirit .
Having व्यथा his anguish and affirmed his faith in the medium in which he was master he was not satisfied .
His own country was in a हताशा and frustrated mood and on the verge of a desperate decision .
Old वृद्ध infirm and ailing - LRB - he had been running a temperature for some time now - RRB - he felt he must give a voice of protest.
And so on 15 June while still at Kalimpong he sent a letter to President Roosevelt of the US . India ' s helpless predicament as a British colony at a time when the free world elsewhere was faced with a life - death question .
An independent India would be an asset to the free world an enslaved India merely a burden and a liability.
On 7 August 1940 a seminar was held at Santiniketan on behalf of the Oxford University - to - Tagore for his Doctorate ( डी ) .
Pending the arrival of Indian doctors from Calcutta कलकत्ता the British Civil Surgeon from Darjeeling was frantically begged to come.
He came reluctantly and having examined the patient रुखाई inquired से if he understood English .
There is hardly any tragic instance of the rapidly growing alienation of the British ruling class from the people of the country .
He pointed out that the kidney is bad in the patient and that the unconscious patient ' s life needs a major operation immediately .
He looked helplessly at Mahadev Desai and the tears streamed down his eyes .
He was always so self - controlled that even in the hardest bereavement and sorrow I had never seen him break down .
He could not have been well - healthy but he could in a few days sit up in bed and make talks .
His hands could not get ready to grasp the pen but the words and rhymes kept on buzzing in his mind ; so he was बोलकर by words .
What is surprising is that during this period when he was very fond of the great interest of the common people of this country the sweetness of the rain - fed दुख of the mystic अंकुर gradually grew into their poetry .
He was not a philosopher in the current sense but he found no bondage more irksome than that of a closed and formulated. system of thought which has an explanation for everything .
What an artificial and unreal are our notions of sin and virtue that he wrote in 1894 .
As a matter of fact compassion for all beings is the highest religion .
This feeling is clear in the very early years of his life that it becomes clear - cut and और ; all that distinguishes his mind from his personality and his thought from his personality in search of his talent and fate .
In a letter of March 1894 he wrote: " I am overwhelmed by this awareness of the baffling mystery within which I can neither understand nor control it .
The poet was so weak that the speech was read in his presence by someone else .
For India or in Europe or Far East they were passing through a crisis of varying degrees and had different reasons .
He goes on to analyse how this disillusionment was the result of the cynical disregard by the British rulers of the very values which were the pride of western civilisation .
" The wheels of Fate will one day compel the British to give up their Indian kingdom .
But what kind of India will they leave behind what stark लेकिन .
When the stream of their administration runs dry at last what a waste of mud and filth they will leave behind ?
But even in the darkest gloom Tagore ' s testament could not end in a note of despair.
Though his own sympathies were with the Chinese Russians and the Allies he did not think of Germany and Japan as the only arch of the drama .
They never tired of saying that the world was caught in the trap of their own framed वादों ; many of the promises made it stronger by the greedy पुरोहितों and लालची politicians for the weaker and the लालची पुरोहितों .
In the midst of this suffering physical and mental and his literary preoccupations his thoughts would now and again wander to his beloved Santiniketan and the little children who studied there .
The school was his first love but when the विश्वभारती Visva - Bharati came into existence it was kept aside .
Now the old solicitude returned.
He recalls how he used to lose himself in joy when teaching children .
He had a heavy voice and added " I could not teach him myself now and take care of him " .
He could always see that शीशी of शीशी and boxes of chocolates were always kept at hand for the children not to come out with empty hands or mouth .
A आवारा dog , who could not be left out managed to make itself an honoured आवारा of the house by his simple chair .
One of the poems of Arogya है on this nameless dog whose sad and mute devotion must have touched the heart of the poet who is स्वास्थ्य .
This favourite chair of Santiniketan was with the poet ' s fortitude and his sense of humour .
Those who attended on his sick - bed treasured as their greatest reward and were परिवेश and विनोदपूर्ण by the poet .
He could not get over his amusement at being fed as an बेबी baby .
Every time a couple of months were brought before him he would ask him " How many months have I been here ?
Their love for the trees was perhaps too old .
As a child he had been very fond of the old banyan tree which he gazed from a window of his ancestral home where he was kept confined within a circle and under the care of his servant .
In the last days when he was not able to move about he would watch with wistful tenderness the graceful सेमल outside his cottage in Santiniketan .
During the summer months he was distressed at the fate of the trees in the hermitage .
He wanted the trees to be saved at all costs .
When it grows you will see how Santal women will gather under it to pick the flowers from which they make their wine. "
He strongly disliked the food items which were prepared by him and worked hard on the other hand अधीरता with great अधीरता and wild बच्चे which approached him to eat like a child .
He kept the bunch near him and would tempt the visitor ? try one and see how sweet my रसीला taste.
Three days before his birthday which by Bengali calender was due to be observed on 8 May . he dictated the last song - LRB - सर्जना - RRB - and the tone - structure he had created .
He never used to fall back to the song only of which the tune itself गान .
In this last song which was sung on his last birthday and is still sung on the occasion of his birthday he invoked the Ever New to reveal itself afresh.
" Make yourself revealed in the way that the sun is कोहरे
This endless expanse of जीवन victory of life
separation from love like a love of God from a love of God .
It was not a blind for self - deception.
He could not dismiss the pain of this land from the Creator ( नियति ) and thus look at the stern realities of life .
Nor has he neglected the emotion of frustrated arrogance or self - pity deny or repudiate the terrible beauty of truth .
A week after his birthday he को again on. the mystery of creation .
But there are some mature Bengali critics discerning mature and sophisticated who believe that these last poems are brief tense and compact and full - fledged कविताएं which was not to be found in his earlier poems superb and almost perfect .
These poems dictated before his death were published posthumously as छपीं Last छपीं .
Ancient history of temples as a religious institution and a place of worship in India .
As a structure in which the deity is established or held in some other revered position the प्रदक्षिणा . service devotion and worship have been replaced by temples in different parts of the Indian Peninsula .
All this has been according to local needs faith and subject - specific subjects ; it has undoubtedly contributed greatly to the exchange of ideas and exchange of ideas .
Their builders and artisans were men of the same class who lived in the same mould pattern and in the construction and in the same way of construction but they worked together with the priests who performed this distinction of ritual purity and architecture .
Besides the relief sculpture they carry inscriptions of the seventh - eighth centuries and later.
As a place of worship the sanctum sanctorum of the temple was standing as a holy figure in the structure of थी . or की sometimes it was only a small mound with only a certain shade .
Sometimes they were carved a large slab placed on two lesser stone pillars each of which can still be seen in remote areas .
Some of the platforms had a post or स्तंभ representing the deity .
The ancient Tamil texts refer to युवतियां : the sanctum sanctorum of the household was a series of pillar and the courtyard was the only one after the ritual bath which was covered by the unmarried girl .
We also find that many came here to worship with offerings or offerings .
In the Tamil युद्ध . the worship of युद्ध or युद्ध by युद्ध is referred to .
Its brief description indicates that it might have been the circular पद्म ( seat ) with eight teams based on a four - sided plinth .
The entrance has brickwork . with a wooden seat which was obviously an arched roof - LRB - छत - RRB - with a wooden structure on which plaster was made .
The भीतर and भीतर of the inside of the arch were भित्ति diagonally carved out of a rock - cut chaitya also existed .
The remains of the चैत्य - chaitya near के near विजयवाडा are of the same type .
A somewhat better preserved stupa - shrine or stupa - chaitya where the central object of worship was the representation of a stupa has come up from the excavations at जिले in के district Andhra Pradesh.
The circular chaitya is brick - built .
The massive wall has been melted - for entrance in the front even the antarala of later temples .
Several subsidiary shrines of identical shape also exist .
The large number of Buddhist shrines at Nagarjunakonda and other Buddhist sites belonging to the brick - built psychic temple monastery or monastery are often called थे on one side or two - storeyed बगल with a stupa or a central stupa at the entrance .
The excavations in Nagarjunakonda have also revealed the non - Buddhist temple complexes of the बौद्ध kings ( third and fourth centuries ) dedicated to Siva Vishnu की Kartikeya and बौद्ध .
The structures after which such excavations were made were therefore essentially apsidal temples.
They belong to the second century BC and the second century BC .
The remaining structures belong to the fourth century onwards .
They were probably formed in the बीच period between AD 450 and 600 .
The last ones were excavated around AD 650 .
But some of these tasks went on till the time of the Rashtrakutas in the eighth and ninth centuries .
The early chaityas are large apsidal with an elaborate facade having a horseshoe - shaped नाल at the entrance .
A rock - cut stupa was cut into the थी temple and was worshipped .
The viharas were absent ; the three side walls were divided into more than one or more doors in the front .
The rock architecture of the second phase consists of two apsidal chaityas ( 19 and 26 ) .
It is similar to the earlier type but the difference is that in them the figure faces of the stupa in the apse under a nasika or arch projected from the drum of the drum of the drum of the stupa are prominently created .
The viharas ( except those which are left unfinished or destroyed - LRB - No. 3 13 14 14 ( 24 ) 24 28 ( 24 28 ) and 29 ) combine features of the monasteries together especially the monasteries .
They often have an outer verandah in the viharas or with the shrine face mandapas or agra - mandapas as in the shrines a pillared hall ( with pillared विहारों ) often in between the main sanctum or garbha - griha .
When the hall has pillars with the principal nave and lateral aisles thick with a central square enclosed by four or more pillars the घिरा forming a घिरा - mandapa or a घिरा - mandapa which in course of time would suggest the formation of the रंगमंडप - mandapa .
Often other such additional cells are also found on the other side of the rear wall of the hall or on the walls.
The sanctum contains a large figure of the Buddha with numerous reliefs in its ardha - mandapa .
In the case of Cave 27 the ardha - mandapa is advanced into the maha - mandapa .
The arrangement of a succession of mandapas one behind the other with one or more shrine cells at the rear is similar to those in the brick - temple complexes built in Nagarjunakonda .
In some places as in the Ajanta examples the , cave - temple has a large and square mandapa corresponding to the hall in front of the sanctum the rectangular maha - mandapa was absent .
The temple complex consisting of such an axial scheme had no other structure of the pyramidal type.
These cave - temples which include the sanctum sanctorum of the चैत्य temple may be called as the , mandapam as they are called by the same name in later temples .
The key to this volume is its first poem to show the general consciousness and direction in many other poems of this volume and the poet has depicted in this poem the perennial consciousness of nature as a mysterious city of silence .
But in the outside world where her beauty प्रवाहित in many different sights colours and sounds within the mind she sits alone immanent and परिव्याप्त .
And above all he was in fact a lover who saw beauty in the smallest things - who felt its touch in the outside world and knew it in himself .
The same spirit that suffused and ruled this vast universe dwelt within him and guided his life and mind .
He felt its immediacy and its intimacy and addressed it as the Lord of his life his Lord .
In his famous poem of that name he says " O my darling , ' are you likely to be thirsty out of your heart . "
I have crushed my heart like grapes in the press and filled your cup with a thousand विषाद of joy and sorrow .
The intervening minor and subordinate dynasties बीच among the three imperial powers as buffer states also took part in the activity and contributed to this movement in their respective regions .
There was a long tradition of taboo on the use of stone for sacred and religious structures because of the long local association of the dead with cave - temples as has already been noted .
Mahendra I perhaps taking the cue excavated his first cave - temple at Mandagappattu South Arcot district for the Hindu trinity Siva ब्रह्मा Vishnu and Brahma .
Thus its craftsmen had the advantage of the know - how of such cutting and cutting into sandstone from nearly a millennium .
The first cave - temple as a result was bold and ambitious in design and large in size .
Soon after the first cave - temple of गुफा the same cave - temples of the Chalukyas took place in Badami Aihole and other places all excavated into the soft stone rocks .
A विमान is in the rear part of the inner mandapa in front of three or five विमान shrines and projected inside the mandapa and all parts of the vimana front like कुदु the decorated adhishthana भित्तिस्तंभ or some of the pillars described above are the kudu ornaments .
The further superstructure of the vimana is not shown as in the depiction of the interior part of the mandapa with a shrine behind the upper part of the vimana .
Such eight cave - temples are at various stages of the construction : the मंडपम mandapam of महिषमर्दिनी mandapam the महिषमर्दिनी Mahishamardini mandapam ( locally known as the रामानुज mandapam ) and the निकट cave - temple called के mandapam of the रामानुज mandapam and the परमेश्वर mandapam .
The Pancha Pandava mandapam records an attempt to cut a square central shrine with a surrounding cloister in the form of a mandapa having two rows of pillars running all round.
The Varaha mandapam and the वाराह cave - temples have each a single shrine - cell ; while the Mahishamardini and the Ramanuja . have three shrine - cells in them; the मंडपम mandapam has five in a row behind the mandapam .
Rock architecture was also sustained longer as a mode in the northern region .
It has further rapidly developed राष्ट्रकूटों especially within the Rashtrakuta Chalukya - Rashtrakuta गुफाओं as can be seen in the recesses . at Elephanta जोगेश्वरी and जोगेश्वरी the Kailasa temple . in the कैलास Chota Kailasa and Jain chaumukh .
But rock architecture soon became a mere second to structural stone constructions in the southern zone of the Chalukyas as would be seen in the rest of the structures .
This was due to the fact that with the help of the soft sandstone blocks the mining facility of बालुकाश्म the simplicity of their toilet and the ईंट of stone - temples as well as the imitation of stone - temples of the rock - stone - temples could have been captured by the educated शिक्षित in stone structures instead of the educated ones of the शिक्षित - temples of stone - temples of stone - temples of stone - limestone of stone - limestone ones of the शिक्षित of stone - stone - temples of stone - rock -
The structural creations of the Rashtrakuta period are however less pretentious of medium or small and less well - finished as compared with their rock - cut buildings .
The lay - out plan of the cave - temples varied from the structural temples in the successive rise in floor levels of the axial mandapas and shrines in the much raised level of the sanctum floor though the ceiling level throughout remained the same.
In the first group would be those that follow the scheme generalized by the later Buddhists in that area namely the विहार - chaitya type with a cella and a frontal - pillared hall.
The third class is the वेदी where the lateral shrine panel is seen as bas - relief sculptures and the Saptamatrika shrine - LRB - वेदी - RRB - with a round circumambulatory passage back and has often a round circumambulatory passage in the prakara wall .
This among other things would indicate the early enunciation of the आनुष्ठानिक or ritual principles which were elaborated in later times and re - codified .
The mandapa in front of the early cave - temples has more bays laterally on the transverse axis and only one bay at either end of the long axis .
In the Ajanta viharas on the other hand the mandapa is a concentric scheme with one bay all round the central bay which is often larger than the rest .
While the नवरंग or नवरंग of this navaranga pattern the main plan of the structural temples of the Chalukyan series was repeated later the structural pattern of the Badami mandapa type particularly in the south - west the दक्कन in the Deccan the दक्कन western Mysore and Konkan .
The central nave : the नाभि or the के of the central nave at any one end of the vertical axis the नाभि with only a peripheral segment shown into the मंदिरो where the lateral bays or recesses with the pillars or walls drop down from the centre .
Such early structural temples are the कल्लामठ in Aihole and the बादामी in Badami .
It is apparent that this feature in rock architecture is after the contemporary and earlier brick - and - timber structural models .
As a result the खंभों of the facade is not generally equal the central pillars having a wider पार्श्ववर्ती than the lateral ones .
In Badami there are four cave - temples excavated at various heights on the vertical शैल of the sandstone shell .
The sanctum entrance is guarded by huge dvarapalas.
The exhibition of the बौनी gana friezes in the facade dwarf wall and the bracket figures on the other hand would take this excavation closer to the Badami group thereby indicating the first quarter of the seventh century .
Cave 20 - LRB - 22 - RRB - . - LRB - गुफा - RRB - and 24 - are also about the same time .
The Ravana - ki - कै ( Cave 14 ) is of a simple plan with a large pillared mandapa and a sandhara shrine at its rear .
The pillars are of the kumbha - हैं type .
On the entrance to the shrine there are many carved images including the two dvarapalas.
On the mandapa walls and carved in the recesses between the pilasters are sculptural compositions Saivite and वैष्णव .
The cella is rectangular and has a platform on its rear with a socket in it for Vishnu or Durga but not for Siva or a linga .
This excavation in the pre - Rashtrakuta series can be dated near AD 700 .
Cave 25 or the गुफा has multiple shrine - cells as in गुफा and has lateral galleries attached to the former cell .
While Cave 27 may be of the transitional period between the Chalukyas and Rashtrakutas Cave 25 should be earlier datable to the second half of the seventh century .
The गुफा or Cave 15 is an odd example in as much as it is the only two - storeyed cave - temple or cave - complex of a very large size .
It is apparently a case of renewal of what was prepared and cut out for the Buddhist needs .
This would be the earliest example of Rashtrakuta work at Ellora .
Its front pavilion carries the inscription of सन् ( AD सन् ) and is the master work of contemporary architecture or master work .
The detached Nandi - mandapa is four - pillared with flights of steps at the front .
The facade of the temple . which rises beyond has the two storeys with two rows of pillars one above the other the pillars being square and reminiscent of the arrangement in the Tin - tal cave of Ajanta .
The groundfloor is a compartment with fourteen square pillars ; the upper floor has a large pillared mandapa with central nave and lateral aisles and a shrine with a linga at the rear .
The linga - pitha is circular .
The Jain excavations ( Caves 30 and 34 ) mark the last phase of activity in Ellora commencing from about AD 800 and continuing into the next phase .
They follow mostly the earlier Hindu examples in planning and design and differ only in sculptures and iconography.
Also there are the दुमंजिले of Indra Sabha ( Cave 32 ) and the Jagannath Sabha ( Cave 33 ) both .
The Indra Sabha has in its open forecourt the chaumukh Jain monolithic temple .
The lower storey of the cave is mostly an unfinished hall mostly with simple pillars on all the pillars .
The hall has a pillared ड्यौढी and there are two side shrines projecting on either side of the facade .
The Jagannath Sabha though of the same type lacks the regularity of the scheme .
The only exception is the aberrant Undavalli cave - temple which is dedicated to Vishnu .
The Nandi in Saiva cave - temples is rock - cut as in the Pandyan examples farther south .
According to the chronological period the ' गुफा ' cave at गुफा is in its present form .
The last if not of direct Eastern Chalukyan vintage can at best be of Telugu - Chola affiliation .
These cave - temples essentially consist of a rock - cut hall or mandapa with one or more often three shrine - cells behind.
The mandapa in some cases is में and in others multi - pillared मंडप or demarcated into front and rear sections by two rows of pillars and pilasters the usual facade row and the parallel inner row .
The pillars are usually simple ) thick - set short and square in section with the कोनों or हैं at the middle of them .
This results in the middle section being octagonal while the basal and apical sections are square in section .
The entrance which is another characteristic storeyed structure of the south is called the महाद्वार महाद्वार or gopura ( महाद्वार ) according to its stature and size .
Often the additional mandapa was an unattached auxiliary structure standing separately in the forecourt inside the prakara .
The significance of the main vimana with the " ardha - or mukha - mandapas " attached to it was added to a platform the upa - pitha " below the adhishthana " .
The rest of the figure sculpture was accommodated even on the pillars of the mandapa .
With the increasing importance and elaboration of rituals and multiplication of festivals additions both axial and peripheral were made to this nuclear building .
It took the form of auxiliary mandapas on the axial line and subsidiary shrines or vimanas " विमानों mandapas the mandapas the विमानों and the मठों or the मठों surrounding the central unit .
The whole was enclosed by one or more " परिसरों " with one or more gopura entrances resulting in the familiar temple complex of south India .
In cases like the Brihadisvara at Thanjavur the entire temple complex was planned and designed at the same time and executed almost simultaneously.
All this was comparatively a small scale vimana inspired by the desire to build an impressive vimana on the lesser sides of the aditala with its भुजाओं circular or oval or का sides with the result of which it could be adopted start from the empty corners by कोनों or कोनों maps starting from the periphery .
This part is called . ' and the pillar ' s पद्म indicate the beginning of the कमल and the opening of the कमल in which moulded parts are formed the भीतरी or भीतरी part of a plate with a flat plate called the कमल on top .
The फलक large thick and square in earlier forms became polygonal or circular and thinner and smaller in later temples .
It supports the corbel - bracket or block है which carries the beam or है .
Thus there are the squatting or rearing vyalas mythical lion - like forms with transformed faces the elephant the भूत भूत भूत भूत भूत etc.
The भुजाओं and भुजाओं components too may instead of the four - sided or square have six भुजाओं eight भुजाओं sixteen भुजाओं or more sides or circular in section .
The earlier series of temples mostly consisted of the विमान or विमान vimanas .
These small and medium size gopuras were single - or two - or three - storeyed called हैं . हैं . etc. .
From the close of the tenth century onwards when larger vimanas came to be constructed the gateway came to assume correspondingly larger proportions becoming many - storeyed and called महाद्वार or gopura or विमान .
The gateways also tended to increase in height and size ultimately to become the dominating structures of the temple complex .
This can be seen particularly in the case of those ancient temples where the main vimana nucleus that was ancient was kept intact and the prakara and gopura परिसरों came to be successively added round it in later times as in the Chidambaram विमान हैं .
Thus the importance arose from the vimana to the चढकर resulting in the elevation of the earlier temple complexes like the Brihadisvara temple at बृहदीश्वर and from the stupi of the main vimana on which he passes from the front gopura at the विमान .
The विमान of the monolithic vimana while the Chalukyas of Badami started constructing structural sandstone temples of the same type that were cut out in their ancestors the Pallavas were faced with very hard material granite and पल्लवों .
Besides carving out a few vimana forms as miniature reliefs or full - scale facades they also started carving out three - dimensional monolithic vimanas of normal stature and of diverse types .
This was the result of their experience in the cutting up of cave - temples in hard stone .
It had a vision of one and two conflicting निष्ठाओं which was to be analysed and from this point of view this work can be placed in the category of his predecessor ' विसर्जन ' .
Hero too the forces of Brahminism of Hindu orthodoxy are ranged against the challenge of compassion of universal love in this case as specifically taught by the Buddha.
According to him the , Buddha had in him the best form of the Hindu race and thought .
Tagore wrote many poems and plays in Buddhist legends and अभिप्रायों .
Malini the King ' s daughter in the play is his first major Buddhist heroine.
But the most live and convincing character in the play is not this lovely and saintly but somewhat shadowy maiden but her chief enemy the leader of the Hindu orthodoxy in whose proud personality is symbolised the strength of its religion its true - and obstinacy .
The conflict is not only between obedience to सामाऋक - eaten scriptures and a religion of one ' s choice but between the poetry of pity and the prose of social necessity .
करुणा is the same as the रहनेवाली moon around in the sky - but is that the only enduring reality that hung on ?
The two smallest ones lack the prastara part .
Thus this ratha alone would illustrate the various forms of nasikas as described in the texts .
The two - storeyed Ganesa ratha is nirandhara single - walled and with a narrow mukha - ma मुखमंडप in front and of the same length as the aditala .
The mandapa is walled on its shorter sides and round the front corners leaving an open facade in front with vyala - based pillars and भित्तिस्तंभ .
The Pallava pattern of monolithic temple forms was adopted not only by the Pallava cave - temples in south India but also from far off by others and some of the monolithic temples of the south and northern pattern from the Peninsula to the extreme south of India .
Following this pioneering work of the Pallavas a few attempts at the cutting out of monolithic vimana forms in the same and next centuries in the Eastern Chalukyan area north of the Pallava territory .
The smaller vimana is three - storeyed all square on plan with octagonal griva and sikhara and stupi on top .
While the aditala is devoid of the hara elements on top it has like the top tola four seated आदितल placed at the corners blowing हैं .
The hara elements are found over the second tala on all the four sides and also over the ardha - mandapa in front of the aditala .
The talas are proportionately tail the top tala rising high and clear over the hara elements of the tala below the stupi over the octagonal griva and sikhara being polished with polished black stone .
The pilasters on the walls have rearing lion bases as is characteristic of the Rajasimha temples .
It is essentially square on its base and तलों but its east - facing aditala has smaller oblong shrines with cells attached to the middle of its south - west and northern sides over corresponding offset extensions of the adhishthana .
The corresponding oblong attachment on the east with the passage through it forms the antarala entrance to the main temple .
The two lateral shrines facing east as also the rear shrine facing west are like the main sanctum .
The अर्धवृत्ताकार temple at ग्रीवा district is a very good example of a square adhishthana and a storeyed vimana with an apsidal griva sikhara superstructure .
It was built of hard black stone at the time of Pallava राजवंश one of the last rulers of the Pallava dynasty in the ninth century .
The niches of its walls have some good दीवारों ; the vimana and ardha - mandapa illustrate the definitive ध्रुवीकरण of the gods : the recesses of the southern and northern walls of the ardha - mandapa the दीवारों and the आदितल shrines of the aditala .
The introduction of a projected पानी - like water - outlet the pranala from the northern side of पानी - griha floor to drain off the पानी water till now not noticed in earlier temples is another noteworthy feature .
Though small विमान but entirely devoted to the construction and perfection of vimanas with hard stone are to the contemporary विमान of the south who have carved temples in their own rocks and पाषाण ( the only carved stone - out series of eight temples .
The series of small and elegant पाषाण पाषाण पाषाण पाषाण पाषाण पाषाण and पाषाण पाषाण district comprises square ekatala vimanas with a moulded adhishthana of less than 2 metre square at the base and with a square griva and sikhara over the sanctum .
In the context of the विमान विमान as mentioned above the vimana विमान is in addition to the vimana . ( विमान ) with the vimana . all of which are dedicated to the सुंदरेश्वर विमान round the corners and the prakara wall and the सुंदरेश्वर सुंदरेश्वर on the सुंदरेश्वर vimanas equally .
The oblong form with sala sikhara became the invariable rule according to prescription and practice for all the devi temples .
His stories created a new form in literature and set a pattern which has not hitherto surpassed Indian literature .
Apart from his creative prose the range and quantity of his reflective prose of the period is astonishing.
There was hardly any subject of science including philosophy and science left to be written ; in all these he said the book opened up new ideas and understanding .
There are five elements dramatically illustrated : the air and water the curious and the passionate , the three भावुक भावुक the earth the आदर्शवादी and the जल .
At the same time the author himself plays the pivotal role of an intermediary who sometimes छेडता his true character and sometimes explaining the different ideas - an Indian Plato with a आंखों wink in his eyes .
The square aditala outer wall has over its prastara four karnakutas at the corners and four salas above the central bays of the wall the adhishthana below being raised forward and widened to form the base of a much larger square mandapa in front .
The central bays of its walls have devakoshthas for sculptures of Siva as on the vimana wall and the recesses have perforated pillars .
Both these temples show some advanced features such as the elaborately carved over - door of the shrine entrance in addition to the niche decoration already noticed and with a water - covered or channel on the floor of the shrine opening on the northern side .
The विमान standing on an outer horns in the hills of Badami is a very simple structure with a single - walled square vimana selected from a large section of sandstone a closed mandapa of the same width with an open mandapa of about the same width .
The ham of four karnakutas and four salas of the aditala of the vimana is extended over the mandapa in front the two front vimana karnakutas being also the rear karnakutas of the mandapa .
The second tola of the vimana has a similar hara of four kutas and four शालाओं .
Four more karnakutas closely adhere to the griva sikhara and conceal the corner faces of the octagonal griva partially over - हैं the squat dome of the octagonal sikhara .
The cardinal faces of the griva have four nasikas of equal size .
The three bays on the vimana wall face on each of the two faces on top of the two karnakutas and central sola with plain rectangular niches for sculptures of gods in these sections .
His countrymen prefer the देशवासी and औषधि statements and like to quote these देशवासी they are of the intellect or the wisdom of a medicine but they are agreeable to it when it is offered sweet ( कणिका ) .
तब as he was writing this he wanted nothing more in his life than to watch its lovely panorama from his boat on the river he was getting restless for a more active and crowded existence .
The sleeping giant of nationalism was beginning to stir in his land and the British Government was getting nervous and upset .
Beneath its cloak of benevolence the sword थीं .
In 1898 the Sedition Bill was passed to stifle nationalist agitation and the great scholar - patriot Tilak was arrested .
As the Bill became a law the poet jumped into the controversy exactly the same day and read his famous paper पढा at the public meeting in Calcutta .
He raised his voice against the repressive policy of the Government and actively participated in raising funds for Tilak ' s side .
When soon after the plague broke out in Calcutta he assisted Sister Nivedita in organising relief and medical aid for the victims of this dead disaster .
The poet was turning into a पुरोधा for his people and a high priest of national aspirations not only raising his voice but leading an active service in the real sense .
It is the all - round vimana now known or at the top of the available square vimana rising at 66 meters and standing on a square base an arms of 28 metres with a विमान height of विमान in the exact proportion of the offset विमान .
The same upa - pitha and adhishthana have been further elevated as the basic structure of the ardha - maha - mandapa the mandapa could rise from the face vimana to the heights of north - transverse to the upa - pitha and the upa - pitha both .
The maha - and mukha - mandapas are closed on their sides the rows of pillars inside forming a central nave and lateral aisles which in the maha - mandapa part are raised as a continuous platform on either side of the central passage formed by the navel .
The structure of the roof over the pillars and the frontal landing constituting an open agra - mandapa or agra - mandapa are later प्रतिस्थापन over the adhishthana and upa - pitha with a set of steps upward from the two original ones on the sides .
While the transversely designed mukha - mandapa as also the connecting है rise in four storeys the maha - mandapa was originally three - storeyed .
The top storey was evidently an open terrace with a row of Nandis placed on the coping of its case .
The basal part of the vimana enclosing the garbha - griha is of two talas and is double - walled in the sandhara system both the outer and the inner wall are of the same thickness and मोटाई .
These two walls enclose inner दीवारें in two tiers since the inner wall of the sanctum too rises vertically to the same height of two storeys in order to accommodate the colossal linga and its equally immense linga - pitha in the sanctum .
The outer wall similar to the adhishthana below has दीवार out in every direction with inner अधिष्ठान out of which in the southern पश्चिम the west and north के the inner row forms one at the top of the two storeys with two भीतरी
Parallel in mood and temper to his political activities were his literary offerings of the period ballads narrative poems and dramatic episodes पुनर्रचना his country ' s past .
As the Greek philosopher in his work The रिपब्लिक and the good work of the gods described in the Republic of रिपब्लिक are such verses as can be accepted in our state .
For if you were to admit the pleasurable muse also in songs and verses we have much pleasure and pain reigning in our state instead of law . "
Did the philosopher overlook that pleasure and pain are the very pulse of life and without them the reign of law would ensure the uniformity of life की ?
Plato ' s approval of Rabindranath would have been short - lived .
Two important volumes of this period Katha ( रवीन्द्रनाथ ) and Kahini ) are masterpieces of this period in narrative verse and drama .
The lyric poet the dramatist and the story - teller have pooled their genius to make some of these pieces rank among Tagore 's finest legacies to his people cherished as much by the young as by the old.
Any situation referred to in the Mahabharata in which there is any mild indication as to be an extension of the dramatic possibilities and their capacity to develop in it could be assessed by the words of कर्ण or कर्ण of Indian poetry .
In addition to his exquisite poetry ; skill and dramatic energy these poems are characterized by their ever increasing commitment to basic moral and spiritual values .
The square vimana with a boldly moulded adhishthana over a high upa - pitha is likewise sandhara in its two vertical lower talas .
The Brihadisvara vimana of विमान - विमान differs from its predecessor and supposed model of the same name in Thanjavur in one important aspect .
It has only a single entrance on the east on both the functional lower storeys and is not या or या as the Thanjavur temple .
The tapering superstructure of the upper talas resting on the third tala rendered in a कदलिका karana mode assumes a बाहरी outline at the corners in contrast to the severely straight lines of the Thanjavur vimana .
This is an aesthetic achievement resulting from the clever तत्वों of octagonal kutas in the hara elements of the upper talas as karnakutas at the corners .
It may be said that the outer shape of this vimana is to be more than its predecessor in the matter of the variety of faculty excellence and clear work and the विमान design of space - time design .
However आंतरिक Internally it lacks the other embellishments namely the paintings and dances .
The smaller temple units called the Uttara Kailasa and Dakshina Kailasa on either side of the main vimana also belong to about the same period .
The wholly apsidal and multi - storeyed main vimana built of काले of the काले temple near Madras is another fine temple though it is a smaller structure of Rajendra I Chola .
The foundation inscription is interesting in the sense that it defines the stone used in the construction as कृष्ण and describes the parts of the vimana from which the aircraft has been decorated .
The mandapas have in front of the three external entrances of the adhishthana and the upa - pitha two steps below and with two miniature vimana patterns at the level of the ground each on either side of the upa - pitha platform .
The pillars of the कुंड and the peripheral pillars are joined by the three subsidiary shrines with the help of a few generations later ( दीवारें ) with a closed screen closed with a जालीदार - shaped बीच of the कुंड and the दीवारें .
The adhishthana tiers of the vimana . and mandapa are profusely carved with long lines of friezes of animals मनुष्यों men and narrative scenes .
The overhanging kapota of the mandapa is supported by नारी in numerous graceful poses called नारी in graceful poses .
The superstructure of the main vimana is now lost .
The pillars inside the mandapa are exquisitely lathe - turned or intricately carved and a few of them carry fine bold figure sculpture .
The raised छत like the central ceiling of the mandapa rising in eight tiers by stepped - up triangular slabs cutting the corners successively forms a sort of octagonal hollow dome with all the tiers intricately carved.
The temple thus is a veritable museum of sculptures large and small and intricate वानस्पतिक floral and animal carvings.
The sikhara on top also appears to have been square .
The mandapa with the offset sides has four carved pillars at its centre round a raised floor with a ceiling which is a grid of nine squares each containing a lotus .
The गांव temple in another part of the village consecrated in about के by है Reddi is a more elegant structure with carving and sculpture richer than in the larger ones .
It consists of the vimana facing east and the open mukha - mandapa connected by an antarala .
The mandapa is of the navaranga pattern with four central pillars on the centre of the floor and twelve more pillars on the periphery .
Adjacent to the मंदिरों is a triple - मंदिरों unit with three shrines opening on the south south west and north of a common mukha - mandapa .
The three shrines all alike are comparatively plain structures built of large slabs of stone with no decorations on their outer side .
These shrines called के . and शिव ( now called शिव Siva temple ) were built by रेड्डी Reddi at the beginning of the thirteenth century .
The ruined brickwork superstructure has lost many of its distinctive features .
The temple complex at वारंगल ( Warangal district ) inside the mud fort at the centre of the village is another example of the Kakatiya temple complex .
The ruins of a mandapa in front of the eastern भग्नावशेष
The surrounding parivara shrines are of varied character with or without a front mandapa .
Some of them have tiered superstructures still extant with sukanasika projections in some of which the kuta sola elements of the southern vimana are clear .
Many of them have square sikhara .
In one case at least the crowning part is of the amalaka type .
There are about a dozen shrines inside the किले fort ; but none of them is really great ; many are only small structures like , Virabhadra विष्णु Rama किले विष्णु विष्णु देवी देवी देवी देवी देवी and Temple देवी .
The two small temples at जिले ( में ) in the same district are मंदिर the superstructures of which are lost .
The superstructure over the stone structures in many cases especially in the larger temples is of brick and mortar .
These miniature shrine tops here and elsewhere are of the vimana type with a square or circular sikhara or of the prasada type with an amalaka on the top .
Another characteristic decorative motif seen is a क्रॉस क्रॉस or a lotus with four petals spread over a distance : the साम्राज्य साम्राज्य of the क्रॉस kingdom and the temples of the नायकों Nayakas there .
There are about fifty temples of the काकतीयों known but they are mostly in various stages of destruction .
However some of them are of the चालुक्य - Chalukya vimana pattern which have been dealt with separately .
The structural stone - temple the late Vijayanagar Temple after its early Muslim inroads in the south which had abated the hitherto continuous temple - building activity - remained non - existent till about half a century of steady silence .
The rise of the Vijayanagar Empire to check the Muslim conquest campaign in the middle of the 14th century resulted in a new impetus to the temple architecture by creating an inclusive and structural formation of the existing structures .
The imperial rulers with their capital at Vijayanagar or Hampi inherited the architectural traditions that had been carrying in the northern period of their empire and the tradition as developed up to the succeeding पांड्यों in their southern provinces .
Thus their temples in the northern domains of पल्लव - LRB - अधिकार - RRB - in the Deccan - LRB - Andhra and Karnataka - RRB - saved much from the Chalukyan . . while their more southern compositions in Tamil Nadu and southern Kerala continued the features of the Pallava Chola - architecture of the Pallava Chola - Pandya - architecture of Pallava Chola - architecture .
But as has been pointed out earlier so far as the northern regions are concerned they made a distinct change ; they adopted the rigid stone - building tradition and technique in all their territories and adopted the hitherto prevalent पत्थर structure .
In their large capital of Hampi now ruined there are so many temples : all of them are hard stone structures represented by the काकतीय - Chalukya - Rashtrakuta - Kakatiya series and the Pallava - Chola - Pandya series .
Their subsequent capitals as at वेल्लोर ( वेल्लोर district ) जिला ( वेल्लोर district ) and Vellore ( North Arcot district ) and their provincial capitals or their representations meet the Nayakas as at Vellore ( North Arcot district ) वेल्लोर at Madurai के and तंजावुर .
Some of their shrines are remarkable for the large size of their component structures i. e. the mandapas and mandapas .
It was a demonstration of a fixed deviation and forced the विजयनगर and the विजयनगर to think in terms of new materials and to reflect the goals and aims of the Vijayanagar genius to express them in terms of numbers and qualities .
He was a सन्यासी of the Sringeri Sankaracharya lineage ordained by the great धर्म Guru गुरु or धर्म himself and thereafter became the सन्यासी Himself .
In the patronage of the saint the Virupaksha first celebrated its coronation ceremony at 18 April . in the new capital and in the testimony of Lord Virupaksha where the promise of ruling over the State was in the form of a representation of Sri Virupaksha character .
The wind was chilly and the Queen who was in a gay mood felt it would be happy to let the fire flow anywhere .
She saw a spectacle nearby and ordered her companions to set fire to it .
As the flames fanned by the wind shot up high the Queen was delighted and returned to the palace pleased with a morning well spent.
The King sent for the Queen and asked her why she did this . "
The Queen smiled and said " What harm is there that broke the sky .
The king replied " You yourself will judge this by himself and ordered the queen to leave the palace after depriving her of all her precious resources and precious wealth .
" Go and earn your livelihood . "
Only then you will understand how great the loss you had caused by the dying man of this poor man for your moment ' s joy .
On the day you have been able to resume your झोपडी " On the same day I will take you as my queen . "
But the hymns to the gods and the praises of worthy actions could not wholly satisfy a poet whose genius was primarily and in प्रचंड lyrical arid individual .
This form is similar to the विरासत temple of the heritage of Orissa in the north - east at उडीसा in Gujarat and the forms found in western India in the north - west of the Deccan .
The temple मंदिर found in Hampi and around him which constitute the greatest cache of Vijayanagar fame ( द्विभाजन ) strongly संचय this bifurcation between one or the other in an अनुरूपता harmony with one or the other .
But in the early years of the rising empire as the challenge of popular construction comes up with the challenge of peaceful emergence of the new empire the विजयनगर of Vijayanagar Thanks to some effective and courageous steps to create something extraordinary and cultural reference .
The second date would indicate a central temple which would indicate that the large stone temple now standing on the spot was to have its full - fledged temple coming to पत्थर by this year .
Thus it may be seen that the temple was founded within a few years after the foundation of Vijayanagar .
The temple built with local red granite can be the largest of the Vijayanagar temples consisting of the sanctum and axial mandapas in a unit .
On plan from the आदितल foundation to the aditala and mandapa prastara it is a double apse or मिलती the two large आदितल meeting each other on their open ends resulting in a long circular ( अंडाकार ) somewhat smaller than the आदितल .
The outer curved apse ends face east and west respectively .
His God of Life ? gradually claims to his जीवन ' I ' ve left my heart to this world of mine whom you have made .
But the worshipper is not so easily different from his own nature ( Devi ) but the lover of life does not sacrifice so readily to the utter simplicity of any particular devotion .
For sheer delight in the creation of forms light - heartedness of mood playfulness of thought and liveliness of language for the exquisite frivolity of genius Tagore never wrote anything finer whether before or after than the book of poems with which he closed the year of his life .
He made the most conscious use of the power energy and music with the usual spoken language and its short sounds and the experiment as it was believed made had a revolutionary change in the future of Bengali poetry .
It was in this language that the people finally won their own language which they made the language of literature .
In one of his lovely poems he दमन for the wit and liveliness of his mood which would not justify him for a happy conduct of relations since the days of the rain when the sky नाचने its leaves and the spectacle of the earth .
With his Bengali imagination Tagore ' s बंगाली was none other than his Bengali reader too .
But this recent extension of the peak enthusiasm was a happy craze for उन्माद for - what they were all - - a parting gift to the century which they were really grateful .
His offering to the new century was very different .
And two books of his were very adverse to one another ; very soon afterwards the first ones were published in the 1900 Kshanika which marked the end of 1900 and the other के opening of 1901 .
Some of these were later compiled in अंग्रेजी ( English ) .
It is subdued by the man of God and in these poems the highest flight of imagination or dexterity of thought or emotional exuberance or metrical exuberance .
The poet has realised his own helplessness and will henceforth seek his light only from him .
All this is because it ' s with him .
" In my house you burn your lamp my lamp will burn the air and light fumes away
He further stated in his written reply that he was totally powerless and had he not acceded to the terms of the बागी he would have killed him and his queen Zeenat Mahal " he even declared that they would depose me and Mirza the Mughal king .
It is therefore worth noting as to how far I was with or why I सहमत with them ?
I was in their possession and what could I do with ?
They came suddenly and made me a prisoner .
I found myself in such a predicament that I was weary of my life and that even my officials had no hope of their being spared.
I took nothing from them nor did they bring any of the plunder to me .
One day he went to the palace of the queen Zeenat Mahal intending to plunder it but did not succeed in breaking the door .
It should therefore be noted that they were not subservient to my orders .
I did not go in procession voluntarily .
The few servants I engaged I engaged for the protection of my own victims of armed insurrection .
When these troops prepared to सैनिक for an opportunity I got away secretly under the palace windows and went and stayed in Humayun ' s tomb .
From this place I was summoned with an assurance that my life would be spared and I at once placed myself under the government .
The insurgents wanted to carry me with them but I did not go . "
Finally he said: " I have already stated that the Army officers are responsible for the men who were drafted under my stamp without my knowledge and I am sure that they were bound by a सेना and were bound by me .
The. entire defence shows how weak and कमजोर Bahadur Shah had become at the time when he was brought to trial .
They had no strength left in them and no pride of being Mughal .
He was merely a puppet in the hands of the army and the officers who had no choice but to sign decrees and orders .
It appears that he was solely interested in saving his own life and that of the queen who by that time hated him .
In his written statement clearly to gain the sympathy of the court he even said that his own army accused him and his wife to help the British .
He said : " They had charged me with sending and सांठ my servants particularly my Hakim Ajmal Khan . Khan . Ali Khan and Begum Zeenat Mahal to सांठ them and सांठ them .
The emperor was neither in a position to cross - examine the witnesses nor was he advised to do so .
The entire evidence was against him ; none of whom raised a question and on the basis of the अनजांचे evidence the Advocate General formed his opinion .
The Deputy Judge Advocate General Major F. J. अभियोक्ता prosecutor for the government then addressed the court .
He spoke from the beginning of the mutiny to the brief history of Bahadur Shah ' s arrest and presenting a summary of evidence against the Emperor that all the charges levelled against the prisoner were amply proved by the allegations and documents made against him .
He said " We stop to enquire whether it has been proved in the court and after years the last King of the Imperial House of Taimur was an दुष्टता in this wickedness .
Their murders were committed by their सेवकों up in the wake of a dozen eye - witnesses by their attendants in the open. भीतर was the subject of the company ' s government in spite of the delay .
I do not however want to infer that these murders must have been previously sanctioned by the बंदी mere inference on such a point cannot be accepted in a court of justice.
They do not agree that they should be held guilty of all the ills of their country and said that those who suffer it without resistance are both guilty of God .
When the poet wrote this he had no idea that within a few years this truth would be proclaimed and vindicated by Gandhi .
He condemned the पश्चिम nationalism of the country ' s blind love and that of the Boer War which was the last century after the युद्ध and युद्ध episode of the Boer War .
It is also a surprising fact that during this period of deep religious and moral idealism Rabindranath wrote two novels : रवीन्द्रनाथ ( नीड घोसला घोसला ) and put together a realistic foundation of Indian literature .
The novels written before these by Bankimchandra Chatterji or by Tagore himself were full of symbolic romances or social सामाजिक - they were a composite form of either .
The modern novel whether realistic or psychological or concerned with a problem begins with these two novels in Indian literature .
The Broken Nest is the domestic tragedy of the busy editor of a daily newspaper which has little time to spare for his young and romantic wife .
A vivid and versatile genius the cousin of the husband who is the nephew of the husband is at the same time possessing a certain amount of solace and comfort to the dying wife .
They inspire and अनुप्राणित to write each other and both turn out to be budding writers .
But there are inevitable complications and the happy nest is destroyed .
He added : " His son Mirza Moghul and Delhi ' s and mother.
When Bahadur Shah was nominated by the King and on the llth of May 1858 he came across the evidence and circumstances regarding his authority : " Mirza Mughal was openly appointed as the Commander - in - Chief and after the day ' s reputation for him .
Bakht Khan was appointed both Lord Governor General and Commander - in - Chief on 11th July 1857 .
Whatever was done under the authority of these two persons was done under the authority of the emperor . "
An order of the King dated 6th September 1857 among other documents was read with .
Who else could have given such an order ? "
Some papers described as ' court - diary ' were proved that 49 Europeans were murdered with the consent of the king .
49 The British were their prisoners and the army demanded that they should be handed over to them .
The king accepted his demand and asked the soldiers to do what they wanted .
He also relied on certain circulars purported to have been sent to the ruler of Kutch chief of Jaisalmer and the ruler of Jammu . "
As to the support and support given to the rebels by the 11th and 20th Division of the Indian Army the बागियों General said " We were openly there evidence of the Indian soldiers having been shot by them before the 11th and 20th Commander .
There was nothing hidden from this moment not even an attempt to hide .
After the speech of the Deputy Judge Advocate General the court adjourned to consider and arrive at its findings.
When the court 1858 on 9th March 1858 it pronounced its decision : " On the evidence produced the court is on the admission that the prisoner Muhammad Bahadur Shah ex - King of Delhi is guilty of all the charges levelled against him by him .
This verdict was approved by Major General N. P. 1858 commanding the Meerut Division on 2nd April 1858 at Camp सहारन and the court was adjourned sine die .
Bahadur Shah has been criticised by many writers for accepting the trial .
He was not a British subject ; therefore there was no justification for his case before the Tribunal .
It is also a much better work in its totality and structure than ever built in a more complex perspective .
The story revolves around the crisis of human relationship and gradually begins to last at a humble and serious glance of an middle - class Bengali family where a widow mother addresses her only son - in - law who passes through her only son .
One would imagine that nothing more can happen in a home like this because of its numerous inhibitions and restricted social contacts .
And yet passions savage and violent are unleashed within hearts seemingly placid and battles rage until the home is nearly burnt down without flame or smoke being visible to the outside .
Above all the first year of the twentieth century was a significant year in Rabindranath ' s life ; it was all the more lucrative in his literary achievements and spiritual परिवार an end to his freedom as a man .
His lover will become a teacher and the poet has now become the robes of a prophet.
All he knew was that he was no longer in a position to see entirely the paternal property and destiny calling him to a larger field .
Life in Calcutta in those days was a city of incessant clamour and keeping in mind strange हृदय and prejudice .
He wanted peace for his work and longed to be active in the leisure between the writer and the scholar of studies .
What better place than Santiniketan for it could have been ?
On the basis of the statements made by you in the Brahmo Public Opinion " without any investigation into the conditions of the Hindu - Muslim trial you made them eligible for a जनता ' public जनता ' s ओपीनियन .
" There was no basis for this allegation ; but it is clear ( which you have rightly stated ) that the details in the Indian Public Opinion contained in the ' mentioned ' and your observations on the subject were entirely unfounded .
It is perfectly true that the European judges in particular are not more familiar with the religious ideas and sentiments of Hindu society and they can do more than the occasion when they come to know and advise the people of the subject .
But you are clear from your affidavit and your counsel ' s statement that you agree that the learned judge had done all his best to know the truth of the case and not to hurt the religious feelings of your people .
So it is for us to consider what punishment you should be given .
" It is indeed sad that a person like yours who was once a member of the civil service is a मैजिस्ट्रेट and is now an respected judge of the city ; he सोचनीय his authority as the editor of a letter and who भडकाने it with the public outrage .
You have made an attempt in your affidavit to show that the accused Mr Justice Norris is based on the report of the पब्लिक Public Opinion " which you considered right and which you were धृष्टता ' .
" Not only that but you must have agreed that your allegations were totally false and unfounded and made without any sort of enquiry on your part you still maintain that you made them in perfect good faith and affection .
" The report which you have made in your affidavit appeared in the Brahmo Public Opinion which is apparently intended to highlight Mr Justice Norris but has nothing to do with the present proceedings of the court .
The British judge was above the level of highly ब्रिटिश criticism.
रामकुमार रामकुमार was discharged without any penalty .
Justice Mitter . who had the rare courage to dissent did not agree with the majority opinion and the sentence pronounced .
He was strongly opposed to such severe punishment for such a case .
He said " Most of the members of the court regret that in the determination of the sentence his brother Mitter ' s views are not consistent with him .
The learned judge ' s case as to which we are familiar with him is but the first fact is that the facts of the case are very different from those of इंग्लैंड and other , who have undergone such सजा cases in England .
Though the affidavit filed by Surendra Nath Banerjea was clear and unequivocal still the judges were bent upon teaching a lesson and characterised the affidavit as lacking in honesty and हलफनामा .
It was a well - known fact that Surendra Nath Banerjea was not only a great orator and politician but a man of great learning and master of English language .
He was fully advised by his counsel and there was nothing vague in his affidavit .
Nevertheless the Chief Justice observed :
After knowing this द्वारकानाथ If you feel you feel that the allegations made by you on the consideration Mr Justice द्वारकानाथ ' s Mr Justice द्वारकानाथ ' were inappropriate and निराधार ' and you ' kept the comment on them ' kept '
This sentence was passed on Saturday the 24th April 1869 and on the 27th April the following Mr Taylor having made a suitable apology was released the remaining sentence was remitted. .
The complexion of guilt in the case of Mr Taylor is certainly not of a lighter character than that of Surendra Nath Banerjea .
On July 18 1893 Justice B . 1893 said that in the wake of the rules of procedure in existence in January 1883 he came to the conclusion that the High Court अभियोग the offence without resistance to the law the High Court fell to it .
In 1898 Rabindranath had taken his wife and five daughters in whom he had taken three sons and two sons - in - law and had gone to जमींदारी - जमींदारी where he had landed in his own जमींदारी .
But for him he was not only too important to teach his child in any confusion ; but what he needed was that what he had thought to be applied on a large scale by systematic experimentation and then went to Santiniketan a small place .
His imagination had already been caught by आदर्शीकृत pictures of शिष्यों or forest आश्रम where learned sages lived with their disciples and taught them the lesson of simple life and high thought .
He would thus revive the ancient ideal and replace the प्राणहीन and mechanical system of education which the British rulers had imported from their Victorian slums by a new and creative one in which both education and information both interesting .
He had to keep it in the modern or ऊर्जा frame of that ancient energy and to mould the older shape in a new mould .
On 22 December 1901 with five students he founded his school at Santiniketan ; one of them was his eldest son and with some teachers .
He named it . . after the ancient forest आश्रमों .
The orthodox Hindu must have really gone to the extent of this joint venture as three of these five teachers were Christians and one was an Englishman and his sons .
But that was always his way to interpret tradition in his own fashion and to honour the dead on his own terms .
Their sentences were accordingly reduced from death to transportation for life .
Their two judges gave different decisions .
They agreed in करने B . K . काने .
Among the other 12 others viz. Barindra Ullaskar Upendra Hem Chandra परेश Indra Rai . . परेश परेश परेश परेश परेश and परेश उल्लासकर who were responsible for the safety of their decrees under Section 121 - A but their sentences were vindicated .
The other five सजा . . Krishna सेन सेन Sen . Sushil Sen and Indra . were for acquittal but the judge . 121 - A had n' t wanted to change his sentence under Section 121 - A .
The judicial proceedings before the magistrate Mr श्री occupied 76 days .
The trial in the Sessions Court lasted 131 days .
The appeal was heard in the High Court for 47 days .
The two judges dis - agreed and the reference by a third judge for 20 days
The number of documents filed : हथियार broke out consisted of over 4000 pages and the material and articles exhibited i. e. bombs tools हथियार tools हथियार etc. between 300 and 400 .
His जेल witness जेल &gt; was murdered by two जेल " जेल " before the trial of a अदालत in the court of जेल .
The prosecution consequently lost its evidence in the Sessions Court .
Banerjee a police officer was shot before he could be called as a witness and his murderer was never caught .
The most dramatic event was the murder of Babu Ashutosh Biswas the public prosecutor who one day was conducting the prosecution during the absence of Mr Norton .
He was shot in the back in the immediate vicinity of the Sessions Court by a young man who forfeited his life in return at the gallows.
Mr Norton was allowed to keep a loaded pistol in his brief throughout the trial .
At बम Savarkar gathered around him a number of Indian students who carried out a book on the technique of bomb - making and sent it back to India .
This was followed by transportation of Madanlal सावरकर of Savarkar ' s group for killing Curzon कर्जन with a bomb in London .
Meanwhile revolutionaries in India became very active .
In 1910 नासिक shot the Collector of Nasik to avenge the transportation of his brother .
From the steamer in which he was being taken he escaped through a भागे and landed on French soil near मर्साई but he was captured by his guards.
लाकर back to India he was tried by a Special Tribunal on charges of sedition .
On the first July 1910 the steamer named S . S . सावरकर which led Savarkar to India started on her historic voyage .
A strong security arrangement was made on the ship .
There was some engine trouble in S . S . मर्साई and he had to anchor at Marseilles on the evening of 7th July 1910 .
It was a venture not only of danger but of great risk and Savarkar took over the job of wisdom and wisdom .
He opened fire on the escaping prisoner .
Those who chased him came running away from the colony and forcibly grabbed him by the French policeman contrary to the International Law .
It was unfortunate that Savarkar ' s colleagues who were late by an hour .
The news of Savarkar 's daring attempt to escape on 8th July 1910 shook the conscience of the world.
The ship sailed for India and reached Aden where Savarkar was transferred to another steamer " S . जहाज " under strict security arrangement .
The guards huddled him into a tiny cabin only a space of four feet square which could only stand but could not केबिन .
Savarkar braved the circumstances to reach India with undaunted spirit.
S . S . S . सास्ती reached Bombay without any accident .
On 22nd July 1910 the prince of Indian revolutionaries Savarkar was received at the Bombay port .
A closed मोटरगाडी van transferred him to a guarded special vehicle which delivered him to the police custody of Nasik .
She कपडे her children only at the time of washing better clothes .
She was n ' t tired too long .
He soon acquired proficiency not only in his own language but also in English and Sanskrit .
At her husband ' s persuasion she translated into Bengali an abridged version of the Ramayana from the original Sanskrit .
He also acted in the play Raja O Rani and made his role very efficiently .
No wonder that she won her husband ' s heart in the end who gave ample measure of his devotion when she was on a bed .
There were no electric fans in those days and contemporary witnesses have left on record their admiration of the husband who was always at the same time always at his bedside in hand.
The night he died he spent the whole night on the terrace walking up and down having strict orders that no one was to disturb him .
The fact that he was brought to India on a non - legal warrant was not a point of consideration for him .
The Special Tribunal passed judgment on a person who was विचाराधीन the case before the Hague court .
In a country ruled by imperialism justice also assumes an निरंकुश face and जोखिम truth .
It is significant to note that not content with the order of transportation for Savarkar the Indian Government of Lord सिडेनहैम instituted a second trial against him .
This time charging him with abetment of the murder of Mr Jackson the Collector of Nasik .
They were produced before the same Special Tribunal .
The play was repeated again .
Mahatma Gandhi ' s case ( 1922 ) Mahatma Gandhi and प्रकाशक Banker publisher of महात्मा इंडिया were convicted of four British लेखों in 1922 under Section 124 - A of the Indian Penal Code .
It was the first trial which involved the legality and morality of the Indian non - co - operation movement .
The Hon 'ble Chief Justice J . M . न्यायालय of the Gujarat High Court noted :
Barring the trial of Socrates there is perhaps no trial in the history of mankind as it did in the case of Gandhiji which stimulated so much interest and had such a deep impact on human life .
The similarity in the attitude adopted by Socrates and Gandhiji towards the Tribunals who tried them is that they both gave a high status to truth than law and received the punishment for breaking the law . "
The trial of Gandhiji is similar to that of Socrates because it concerns itself with the conflict between the issue of allegiance to the State on the one hand and on the other with a sense of morality and duty as the person concerned .
The Governor - General ' s 1922 published the following order on 4th March 1922 against Mahatma Gandhi and his publisher - बैंकर and wrote the Criminal Procedure Code against the commission of अहमदाबाद .
No . Articles will mark the date of marks in which they appeared .
राजद्रोह : A Virtue 15th June 1921 .
स्वामिभक्ति of स्वामिभक्ति 1921 29 September 1921
A 1921 and its Solution 15th December 1921 4.
Shaking the नींद 23rd February 1922 Mahatma Gandhi and बैंकर Banker were arrested and produced before Mr . L. N. Brown Additional District Magistrate of Ahmedabad .
He was brought to the notice of the Indian Penal Code ( चौपाटी किसान किसान किसान आश्रम आश्रम आश्रम आश्रम आश्रम and किसान बैंकर बैंकर बैंकर addressing the prisoners of Indian Penal Code ( चौपाटी before the magistrate Mr . चौपाटी Mr . किसान . बनिया .
" My name is मोहनदास .
My father ' s name is Karamchand Gandhi .
My age is about 53 .
I am by caste Hindu बनिया .
I am a farmer and a weaver .
The evidence has been given in your presence .
Do you have to say something about this ?
" And I hereby direct that you be tried by the said court on the said case .
I have therefore no alternative but to commit them to the Court of Sessions for trial the offence appearing too serious for the prosecution to dispose of it by me . "
The case was committed to the Court of Sessions Ahmedabad on the plea of " अपराध किया ' of the Indian Penal Code .
The trial aroused wide interest and attracted spectators from all over India .
The personality and personality of the accused in the court - box showed a profound influence on the world as a Mahatma and a teacher the nature of the charges परिस्थितियां the issues pertaining to the then political conditions of the country and its likely repercussions on the future of India .
The trial began at सेशन . C . S . का . H . R . S . का before हुआ . ब्रूमफील्ड . सेशन . at 12 p . m .
At five minutes to twelve the accused were brought in custody in the court .
Nevertheless the entire court rose in an act of spontaneous homage when Mahatma Gandhi entered it with his devoted disciples and fellow - accused बैंकर बैंकर his son in a coarse low and scanty loin - cloth .
" You must have been with me because you can support me from being conquered and laugh at him . "
In the same issue was another article dated 28th July 1921 in which it was stated that " we had to destroy the system " .
Again on 30th September 1921 there was another article called the Punjab Prosecution " which declared that a विद्रोह should preach a revolt in its name .
These articles were written before the " स्वामिभक्ति of men ' and they were pointed out by the Bombay Government .
The Advocate General however added that the accused was a man of high learning and by his writings a popular leader who was more harmful than his author was an educated man .
The Advocate General asked the court to consider the nature of the campaign proposed in the writings which had a direct bearing on the history of Bombay and Delhi in November last .
There were murders and destruction of property inflicting misery and misfortune .
The Advocate General admitted that though non - violence was preached in the articles what was its use would be when he preached disaffection against the British government or was a open public to overthrow it .
The most unhappy man present there was perhaps the judge himself .
He restrained his emotions cleared his voice gathered his strength and delivered his oral judgment in careful and dignified words .
Few readers would normally suspect that Tagore 's poems on children so full of innocent delight were written during a period of great dejection and anxiety.
He had not only to nurse the ailing daughter but to look after and entertain the two youngest ones who in the absence of the mother clung to him entirely dependent on him .
For their sake they had to hide their own grief and anxiety and to share their little interests even hearing their सुननी .
On the seashore of endless worlds was the great meeting of children.
In September 1903 nine months after his mother ' s death Renuka died at the age of thirteen .
This precocious child and an abnormal girl was very dear to his father the father who felt greatly hurt .
He buried himself in his work and continued to give the pages of his letters के .
Though the possibility of launching a big conspiracy case against the prominent left - wing leaders was being considered from 1927 the first concrete reference to it was found in Lord Irwin ' s secret telegram to the Secretary of State for India on 13th September 1928 .
The Public Safety Bill then was slowly घिसट in the Legislative Assembly to which the Viceroy referred to as something like :
On 14 March the Viceroy ' s council sanctioned the arrest of thirty - one leftist leaders on the ground that he entered into a conspiracy to deprive the emperor of the sovereignty of British India and thereby under Section 121 - A of the Indian Penal Code .
Under Section 196 of Criminal Penal Code 1898 Mr M . A . C . गुप्तचर Officer of the Intelligence Bureau filed a complaint in the court of the judge at Meerut district .
Among the thirty - one accused leftists were apart from two British nationals . ब्रिटिश and ब्रिटिश well - known Indian communists like P . C . Joshi and S . A . ए also .
On 20th March 1929 large - scale arrests were carried out simultaneously in a dozen towns .
The news of the arrest created a stir in India .
Dr . Dharamvir Singh stated that he had never been a communist and as a follower of Gandhi was opposed to communist objectives and methods .
S . H . मानवतावादी argued that he was a ' Parsi humanitarian ' while आल्वे claimed himself to be a peasant and a labourer " .
The first phase of the Meerut conspiracy case the magistrate enquiry ended on 15th December 1929 after lasting for about seven months .
On 13th January 1930 thirty - one out of thirty - two accused were committed by Mr श्री 1930 .
All the prisoners except Dr Dharamvir Singh were committed to be tried by the court of Special Sessions मेरठ .
M. N. Roy was not allowed to be arrested till then he was tried separately.
The first petition was made to the Chief Justice of Allahabad on 16th July 1929 .
He rejected it saying that the trial was being conducted under conditions most normal in this country and he did not think there was any inconvenience and that everybody will settle down comfortably at Meerut . "
The final application for transfer was made by Sir Tej Bahadur Sapru on January 24 1930 .
He appealed to the Chief Justice of Allahabad High Court on behalf of the thirty - one accused that his trial be transferred to Allahabad High Court and that a jury was to be held .
On 27th January 1930 the Chief Justice dismissed the petition and ordered the case to proceed in the Meerut Sessions Court .
He said that a jury might not adopt a judicial view .
He further stated that he was not in favour of a jury trial since the jury would be trained and understood by the jury it would be a super - human task for any member of the jury .
Consequently he concluded by the single judge could give a fair and just decision on a matter of this kind . "
The second phase of the conspiracy case trial took place at Meerut on January 31 1930 before R. L. यार्क and five Indian assessors .
The prosecution rested its case on 17th March 1931 after examining 281 witnesses and producing 2,600 documents .
This was followed by the rendering of the formal statements of the prisoners and the presentation of the official defence of the accused .
The trial reached its closing stage on 16th June 1932 when the special prosecutor for the Crown Mr M . L. L . कैम्प delivered a long closing statement of nearly two months later .
Conclusion The Meerut trial was from the very beginning a political trial .
Thus the trial proceeded towards it and assumed a propagandist character on both sides .
The opening of the campaign was carried out by Mr अभियोक्ता James the chief public prosecutor who vehemently attacked communism national and international in the choicest phraseology आक्रमण the communists as enemies of civilised society .
The spirited defendants in their turn seized the opportunity to make political speeches and propaganda statements from the court .
Most of the accused had decided to make such statements particularly the communists as it would have helped the spread of the ideology and programme of the Communist Party .
To this end each of the accused delivered his personal defence before the joint statement .
The Meerut trial belongs to the class of cases to which the अमेरिका trial in America the फ्रांस trial in France the फ्रांस Fire trial in Germany are the best examples .
A mammoth procession led by Lala Lajpat Rai greeted the Simon Commission with black flags and was lathi - charged by the police.
Bhagat Singh . Rajguru and Azad decided to kill Mr Scott as he was suspected to be responsible for 'the लाठियां blows on Lajpat Rai .
Taking him for Scott they shot dead Assistant Superintendent of Police Mr J. P. Saunders on 17th December 1928 .
On 8th April 1929 Bhagat Singh and his colleague B . Dutt threw the , bomb when they went to the Central Assembly when they went to the session and chanted " जिंदाबाद " when they were " जिंदाबाद " .
Innumerable songs grew about him and the popularity that he had achieved was something amazing.
Bhagat Singh ' s throwing of a bomb in the Central Assembly and his revolutionary activities aroused equally powerful feelings against the British rule as much as the peaceful satyagraha and civil disobedience movement .
It was not difficult for Bhagat Singh and B . K . Dutt to dodge the usual vigil of the police after throwing a bomb in the Central Hall of the Assembly .
Both निडर heroes stood like a rock at their places to court arrest.
After raising revolutionary slogans and throwing leaflets in the Central Hall both the accused courted arrest at the hands of the police .
But at that time it had a very profound meaning for the country and the world it was a message to show great dissatisfaction and opposition to the exploitation of the Raj .
Both the accused were kept in solitary confinement and under strict protection .
The British Government not wanting to take any risk issued summons to the accused in jail .
On the day of hearing elaborate security arrangements were made .
The Hindustan Times published in the newspaper :
Police constables with lathis were lined from the magistrate ' s residence on the राजपुर Road to the jail and all other roads leading to the jail .
C. K . आदमी men in plain clothes were seen cycling on the roads as well as watching all important चौराहों .
Sir George V . Narasimha Rao and Mr R . P . Rao and Mr Shankar Rao suffered from him .
These facts constitute an offence punishable under Section 308 of I. P. C. with transportation for life or with lesser punishment.
Such acts include the causing of explosion of a nature likely to endanger life जान and जान which constitute an offence punishable under Section 3 of the Explosive Substances Act 1908 .
I find it proved that Dutt threw the second bomb with similar intention and that by doing so he caused hurt to Mr S . N . Roy and Rai Bahadur A . P . पी . बम .
I consider both the accused guilty of both the offences and the sentence which they have made . "
The actions of both the accused are offences punishable under two sections of law .
Under Section 71 of the Indian Penal Code the two offences are mixed with one another and the prescribed punishment for them should not exceed the punishment awarded for any one of them .
This decision was communicated to the Central Government by the following telegram to the Punjab Government .
Bhagat Singh Sukhdev Rajguru and Sukhdev will be executed at seven on the evening of March 23 .
The news will be made in Lahore on the early morning of March 24 . "
They were hanged in the dark of the night and the declaration was made .
The people are told that Bhagat Singh जेल Rajguru and Sukhdev ' s dead bodies were hanged yesterday evening ( 23 March ) the जेल went to the edge of the Satluj where the remains of the Sikhs and the Hindu संस्कार were burnt .
The Labour Party was in power now in Britain .
The Daily Worker of New York commented:
The three Lahore prisoners Bhagat Singh लाहौर Bhagat Singh Rajguru and Sukhdev fighters for India ' s freedom fighters have been executed by the British Labour Government in the interest of British imperialism .
This is the most bloody act of the British Labour Government under the leadership of R . मैकडोनाल्ड .
The execution of the three Indian revolutionaries on the deliberate political occasion on the orders of the Labour Government shows the length to which the लेबर regime will go to save British imperialism .
In 1915 he left India and reached Berlin on his travels to Indonesia से Malaysia Philippines China Philippines Japan and America .
He was in the USA from 1916 to 1917 .
He became a member of the Mexican Socialist Party - the first communist party outside Russia.
He went to Spain स्पेन Berlin and Moscow and met Lenin in 1920 .
He was an active member of the second session of the Communist International Conference and was also a member of the Marxist bureau .
He was an intellectual a prolific writer and wrote a number of books on Marxism क्रांति revolution Renaissance Renaissance Renaissance theology history etc .
In 1930 he returned to India and was arrested in 1931 .
He was sentenced to 12 years' imprisonment in 1932 which was later reduced to 6 years by the Appeal Court .
He spent five years in British jail .
Kanpur had been selected originally as venue of the trial to avoid jury trial and processions .
He was first produced before the magistrate who committed him to stand trial before the Sessions Court .
The charge - sheet was prepared by Lieutenant - Colonel Cecil . who was the president of the anti - Bolshevik section of the British Intelligence Service : At the beginning of the trial Mr Thackeray accused the court of charges against Roy .
The charges made were :
" There is a revolutionary organisation called Communist International in Europe " .
( 2 ) the Association was to have the guidance and support of the revolutionary organisation ) - LRB - Communist International - RRB - so that it could be used by violent revolution to isolate India from the imperialist British India and thereby the Crown of British India .
He said " The immediate and potential dangers of the communist movement in India as a single factor .
A बंगाली बंगाली has been संवाद with the old Bengali revolutionaries of which most of them are personal friends of M. N. Roy and who since the failure of the Non - Aligned Movement are moving back to their old activities .
Between these two groups Roy ' s communists occupy a dangerously convenient yet tactical place . "
In May 1924 the Session Judge at Kanpur had sentenced four of the accused - Dange Usmani N. B . C . Dasgupta and Muzaffar Ahmad - to four years' rigorous imprisonment while the charges against Roy were kept pending.
Roy could not be arrested at that time but he was in constant touch.
He wanted the communists to utilise the court - room proceedings in the Kanpur trial to propagate the main tenets of communism and spell out the immediate programme of the Indian communist movement .
But the accused unfortunately by the advice of their lawyers took a narrow legal path and missed this grand opportunity the mistake was amply rectified during the Meerut trial .
M. N. Roy was very disappointed and in a letter to his friend in November 1924 wrote :
If he had given a better defence it would have been a four - year jail term worth . "
The learned judge of the High Court discussed the evidence upon which the conviction was based largely on documents .
These considerations were :
राय letters were written by M. N. Roy to his associates in India and letters from them to him .
These were the real letters of imprisonment either of which had been seized in the mid - course the prisoners were either detained or when Roy and his colleagues were arrested ;
The judge said :
There were several legal objections to the appeal by the learned counsel Dr . N . Katju .
It was argued that the Court of Sessions at Kanpur had no jurisdiction to try and establish Roy as the accused had not been arrested ; as Section 12 - A of the Indian Penal Code was subject to any reasonable and defective evidence .
After fully considering these arguments the judge decided :
I joined it because I wanted freedom for my motherland and was therefore ready to shed my blood for it .
I took part in this war as a member of the regular fighting forces of the Provisional Government of Free India who fought according to the rules of civilised warfare for the liberation of their motherland from foreign rule .
I claim that in doing so I did not commit any offence but on the contrary I have served the country with all my best . "
Lt. G . S . . also challenged the authority of the court to try him .
He said " Whatever I did was as a member of the regular fighting forces of the Provisional Government of Free India and therefore as a member of this army I could not go to the Indian Army Act or to discharge my duties as a member of this army .
I am further advised that in point of law my trial by court martial is illegal . "
Though there were 16 advocates including Jawaharlal Nehru in the court the liability of the Defence आयी was likely to arise during the years when the sentence of the I. N. A. proposed that the Provisional Government of Free India would continue the war between the British Government and the British .
In this process of continuation of the war the individual members of an organised army have been trained in warfare for their activities ; leaving the युद्ध crimes for which the world now has the law of punishment .
In view of this fact I submit that the accused before you are entitled to be declared innocent : because they do not have any civic or criminal responsibility for their actions .
Therefore such an army and its members are not answerable before any municipal court - for what was done in due prosecution of the war for liberation of their country .
The prosecutor had tendered a considerable body of evidence to prove the formation of the Provisional Government of Free India the raising of armed forces by it and the putting of those armed forces in the field against the British .
So in general the troops who fought against the king were really fighting for the freedom of their country and were not bound to have any loyalty to the king .
Bhulabhai Desai brilliantly analysed the evidence led by the prosecution regarding each case of alleged murder and torture .
He forcefully submitted that the evidence was totally irrelevant for the purpose of the trial for the reasons that the grounds on which that evidence was attempted to be led was entirely non - existence .
He further submitted that the evidence relating to the alleged charges of murder would have been covered by his first submission that they were part of the prosecution of the murders and that the death of those persons was sentenced by the Crown Court .
He went on to say that it was a well - planned government and a large number of Indians with a loyalty to this government had existed in the far east and this government and its state was recognised .
The war was declared by this government and the Indian National Army fought it .
Thus ended the trial which created a new awareness of complete independence throughout India .
The Red Fort was not only convenient for the British Raj as it was the army headquarters it was equally convenient for every politician and lawyer in India .
The trial was conducted at a time when opinion in India was very much against it .
Even Governor of the North - West Frontier Province Sir George Alexander Cunningham wrote in particular to the Viceroy Lord वेवल that the Commander - in - Chief should announce the instant to the trial as Indian public opinion is against it .
The trial did well to arouse national consciousness among Indians on the other hand the British Empire much .
The Commander - in - Chief has avoided the situation getting worse by taking back the sentence of the three officers .
Had the sentence passed by the court been carried out against strong public opinion it would have created chaos all over India at the same time .
Shri M . C . देसाई the leading Indian attorney in India wrote about the defects and defects of the INA trial and the extent of भूलाभाई Desai in the introduction to the I. N. trial was probably the most important in the history of British India .
It was an occasion for a debate on far - reaching and in some respects altogether novel propositions of International Law a subject of lasting interest to lawyers and those interested in law .
To the common man it was a fascinating and inspiring story of a vigorous and inspiring effort of a myriad - hearted patriot supported by thousands of his countrymen in India ' s history .
We wish to tell the world that this sale deed confers no privileges equivalent to those claimed by the states governed by treaty rights .
We want to point out that no sale deed however sacred can condemn the 400 million - men to servitude of an गुलामी when the ruler can strive to live under this category when he will strive to become a tyrant .
The people of Kashmir share their destiny to the people of Kashmir and we appeal to Mission to recognise justice and strength of our destiny . "
In 1946 it became clear that the British Government was handing over the administration of the British territories to the Indian National Congress and was doing nothing about the princely States Sheikh Abdullah intensified the independence movement in Kashmir .
He made powerful political speeches the theme of which was that the Amritsar Treaty was not binding on the people of Kashmir because it was a treaty of slavery .
Like Mahatma Gandhi he too gave a call for the " Kashmir छोडऋओ " .
He made several such speeches during May 1946 in this connection which alarmed Maharaja Hari Singh .
The people of Kashmir soon rose in support of the Sheikh in his move against misrule and exploitation of the people by the Maharaja and his Prime Minister .
On 18 June 1946 Maharaja Hari Singh wrote to a senior British officer in Delhi :
Now every person is entitled to freedom .
( 10 May 1946 ) this sale deed ruined our people .
You should say : " k छोडो "
खारिज this sale deed .
We wish to tell the British that Maharaja Hari Singh has no right to rule over this country .
A wholesaler purchased and passed us on to sale .
Your duty is to invite everybody and declare that we have to win independence from the Dogra Shahi even at the cost of our lives wealth and wealth .
There will be no better time to end the भाषणों : " In the context of the first speeches on the 14th May 1946 the accused made the speech : in which the following articles were intended to suppress my voice so far .
I told Maharaja Hari Singh with utmost respect that it would be better for him to improve the condition of the poor rather than spend twenty - five rupees on his own comforts .
After a hundred years of misrule we see that we have never accepted nor will accept this rule .
For this right we have to make supreme sacrifices .
After 100 years we do not want to remain slaves of the Dogra Shahi even for one day .
" Get ready you are the harbinger of the voice thereby breaking the shackles of slavery .
( Judge ) 1868 ) 11 in 1868 ) pp . C . 54 .
Asaf Ali argued that to raise voice against oppression and demand the fundamental right to living was not so called sedition .
About the nature of प्रऋति he said: " I wish to make it clear in the original text of this speech that there was a historical dispute started by Shri श्री in his address the reactions between the positive and the consequences of the Treaty .
As this controversy had arisen out of the question therefore there was an occasion for such a speech otherwise I am sure the speaker had not laid so much emphasis on the historical details before the Amritsar Treaty . "
This work becomes all the more difficult : when it is to translate a speech delivered by a speaker it would be impossible to see the true meaning of the speech the words and the words and the अनुवादकों ' s ability to translate it with them . "
One is not even a graduate though the other is .
Whatever their capacity for reporting it was impossible for them to reproduce the true effect of the original.
It is doubtful if the words and sentences uttered by these reporters for which the subject matter of the present charge and the words and sentences uttered by the accused are तोड .
शेख what he said about Sheikh Abdullah ' s statement : " The accused pointed out the misery and poverty of the people more or less in the same manner and spirit as in His हिज ' s above statement .
He was quite correct in saying that the people of the state were slaves of slaves .
There is nothing wrong or अनुचित about saying .
The गरीबी speaker of course meant that when a large proportion of population was steeped in poverty the administration was not making all possible efforts for them . "
Asaf Ali warned the court that if leaders like Sheikh were convicted under such law the consequences would be bad .
He said " In the end I want to say you must listen to me with utmost seriousness and responsibility .
As it happens you increase its dimensions because the conviction of such popular leaders leads to movements with far - reaching consequences rather than resolve the crisis .
After the arrest of the members of the Congress Working Committee in 1942 everywhere you saw the Indian इमारतों : " At public places in सार्वजनिक on public buildings 'in newspapers - in newspapers and even in barracks and schools .
In response to the speech of the Assistant Advocate General Asaf Ali said : " The learned Assistant Judge Advocate General democracy and responsible Government have a unique concept which उत्तरदायी both of them nor is it involved in the absolute government .
He went even to the extent of saying that in a democratic government only a few persons hungry for power wanted to exploit the democratic electoral system they found no logic in the claim that the majority of the people should be more judicious than minority opinion .
It is not proper for me to let the Deputy Judge Advocate General in " read the constitutional law or prove to him that the underlying approval of the majority is " binding and the fear of a peaceful democracy or of the government of the minorities is one .
The Assistant Judge Advocate General justified the purchase of Kashmir by some instances in his argument and in reply to it said : " Let it be kept in abeyance for the duration of the International Law " by the Daily Judge Advocate General .
He also claimed that the right of conquest did not recognise the will of the people of the conquered state and so on .
By doing so he was justifying both the sale deed of Kashmir otherwise known as the Treaty of Kashmir and on the other hand claiming that of the ruling by winning the victory .
The object of all this was to prove that the people had no right to demand responsible government on the basis of the inherent right of the people .
I have not only laughed at the शासक but I was also very happy because it was on the basis of my reasoning that the speaker had opposed the जर of जर between the people of Kashmir " and the latter half of the people who argued with जर .
However शेख Sheikh 's profound statement and Asaf के s incisive speech made no impact on the court which as predetermined convicted Sheikh Abdullah.
A recent survey indicates that the number of two - wheelers in the country will be increased to five crores by 2000 .
The menace of air pollution attributed to the automobile exhausts has now reached the peak level and if this trend continues we may have to wear nasal filters on our noses in future .
Automobiles are a still greater source of pollution in other parts of the world .
They account for about 60 per cent of the air pollution with carbon monoxide levels in Mexico City exceeding those in Los Angeles on the west coast of the United States .
Similarly Sydney in Australia once considered the most clean environment is reported to have caused by automobile vehicles and now suffer from pollution.
This material is of wood कचरा packing materials पोलीथीन polythene bags used धातुओं plastic bottles metal containers cookery wastes . and सब्जियों vegetables गली glass pieces etc .
Dust from खदानों Construction of dwelling houses and setting up of industries have increased manifold during the last two decades.
To cater to the requirements of stones and cement for this construction work new machines are being installed .
Effects on Materials Air pollutants like sulphur dioxide smoke grit carbon dioxide and dust
Sulphur dioxide is the most damaging of all gaseous pollutants .
In the presence of moisture it gets converted into sulphuric acid which is very corrosive particularly for building structures because it reacts easily with lime .
Thus over the rainfed areas the stones gradually lose their concentration on the layer .
Hydrogen sulphide is known to react with lead paint used in buildings causing formation of brown - black इमारतें .
वायु effects unlike other types of pollution वायु air pollution also affects the climate.
Day by day the earth becomes more hot the temperature of the world is now higher than before the beginning of an industrial era and the rate may escalate further by the end of this century .
Yes .
The pH is an index of hydrogen ion concentration of a liquid .
हाइड्रोजन low pH means high concentration of hydrogen ion and high acidity .
Pure water has a pH of 7 ( पानी ) which is neutral pH .
Water with less than 7 it becomes acidic and alkaline when above 7 .
Rain - water usually has a pH lower than 7 ( pH 5. 7 ) due to the dissolved carbon dioxide in it; this amount of acidity is not क्षयकारी .
The pH range of acid rain - water is 2 - 5 .
This low pH means high acidity and subsequently high क्षयकारी .
Thus water with pH 4 is more corrosive - LRB - 10 times - RRB - than water with pH 5.
Water of pH 3 is still more corrosive - LRB - 100 times - RRB - than water having a pH 5.
If this is the case then one can imagine the corrosive nature of the acid rain with a pH ranging between. 2 and 3 .
For example relations between पश्चिमी West Germany and Sweden are sour because nearly 20 per cent of Sweden ' s lakes are affected by acid rain due to the emission of acidic gases from जर्मनी industrial belt .
Even the Swedish school children launched a postcard campaign against West Germany in protest against such emissions.
Relations between England and its neighbour are no better either with Scandinavia and Spain considering England of being responsible for acid deposition in their country .
Dispute over acid rain has led to strained relations between the USA and Canada .
Nearly half of the sulphur deposits in Canada come from the USA and about 20 per cent of the deposits in north - east USA originate in Canada .
The direct relation of acid rain to human health has not yet been established .
However it is believed that inhalation of high levels of sulphur dioxide over extended periods may lead to respiratory diseases such as emphysema asthma and श्वसन asthma.
India is not seriously threatened by this scourge as we have coal reserves with low sulphur content ranging from 0. 5 - 0. 7 per cent .
The main constituent of acid wastes is sulphuric acid .
In addition nitric acid . hydrochloric acid and हाइड्रोक्लोरिक acid are also present.
These acids cause damage to metals or concrete structures like lead to पम्प pumps and pumps .
Moreover hydrogen sulphide gas is produced when the acids come into contact with the sludge and mud of the rivers .
अम्लीय pollutants also destroy micro - organisms inhibiting the self - purification process of the rivers .
Fish and other aquatic animals are adversely affected by the sudden change in the पानी .
अम्ल are reported to be lethal to fish and aquatic life .
से : Presence of क्षारों alters the pH value in rivers resulting in the break off of the natural buffer system of the rivers .
Like acids अम्ल too destroy bacterial and other micro - organisms so as to restrict the self - purification of the water .
Fish and other aquatic life are also affected.
If he continued to carry on any experiment and remained to the end of his life he did not get his form or the trust but because there was no end to this quest .
In winter as he put it lyrical fervour is apt to grow cold and one gets the leisure to write plays .
The breath of spring blows through every line of it बहा with the ecstasy of sensuous happiness .
Indeed the theme is the enchantment of spring and the power of its spell on the senses.
Spring is itself one of the characters in this play which is one of Rabindranath ' s best poems .
It is a work of art and a model in itself.
Written in blank verse it was his last great experiment in a Trust .
The simple and bald episode as recorded in the Mahabharata was transformed by Rabindranath into a drama tense and vibrant with lyrical rapture and full of deep psychological insight .
Princess Chitra . who had been brought up as a boy and trained in the art of war by training in the arms of the princess who was brought under the influence of a martial damsel .
The cattle drank water from the nearby stream and developed diarrhoea and within a few days suffered paralytic strokes followed by death .
It was found that the stream was polluted with lead compounds which led to lead poisoning .
The जीवों form is being toxic for human and aquatic animals .
Copper sulphate and copper compounds are being used extensively in treatment of reservoir water to control the growth of algae and डायटम .
Copper is extremely poisonous and its effects need no explanation .
The metals described above are toxic to fish and other aquatic animals .
Heavy metal ions precipitate the mucous secretions of fish .
These श्वसन occupy the space between the श्वसन of the श्वसन hamper the movement and respiration.
Thousands of acres of fertile land have acquired salinity and become unfit for cultivation .
The ground - water table over a thousand kilometres has been so seriously affected that water from these wells has turned bitter.
It is an irony that these waters have become unsuitable even for tanning and hence are transported in lorries from far - off places by the leather शोधकों .
The problem of ground - water pollution in Andhra Pradesh is so serious that there is a strong foul smell with the water of the open wells and bore wells in the नगर area ( Hyderabad ) especially at अशोक Ashok Nagar and हिमायत Nagar .
The percentage of dissolved solids is also high rendering the water unfit for drinking .
The reason for such a decline in the quality of water in the region is the waste generated from industries .
त्वचा and skin diseases are observed among the villagers of this area .
A different type of ground - water intrusion of sea - water pumping in coastal regions has caused a common occurrence of large - scale underground water pumping in the country .
Excess withdrawal of ground - water through heavy duty pumps has resulted in the flooding of sea - water through the cavities.
For example in our country अपशिष्टों are setting up bio - gas plants which use their wastes .
This results in a substantial reduction in fuel costs and decrease in the nuisance of the wastes .
Conversion of पंक Useful अपशिष्ट The sludge obtained on treatment of effluents is also a problem .
The sludge from pulp and paper industry may be used for the manufacture of boards used in packing or in preparation of artificial wooden panels.
The sludge from the विद्युत industry may be used in the formulation of water - proofing compounds .
Reclamation and पानी of Waste पानी At present recovery of chemicals and metals is practised in most of the industries .
This can be utilised either for irrigation or as fertilisers after proper treatment without affecting land and / or ground - water .
The garbage produced by nuclear power stations do not emit any smell , and no harmful gases .
The reason for this problem is that nuclear waste becomes harmless only after millions of years .
The plutonium produced during power generation ( 200 kg per reactor ) is sufficient to cause cancer in all humans .
Abnormal births mutations sterility severe skin burns and lowering of body resistance against disease are other serious effects .
Constant exposure to radiation causes genetic defects and can affect the generations to come .
Radio - जैवरासायनिक are widely used in medicine जैवरासायनिक industry and biology to determine the process of chemical and biochemical reactions .
Substances administered to patients and used in radiation therapy are now proving important sources of nuclear damage .
It can cause mental anguish .
Our community functions and ceremonies like marriages festivals fairs etc . create much noise .
Dr . डा speaks of the following words of life for the human , : " He जागता with the noise of ट्रांजिस्टर and टेलीवीजन : " The noise industry that works on the noise of loudspeakers in the street .
If he goes to the cinema for relaxation there too the noise levels are too high .
Effects of Noise Pollution A survey to check sound levels in various towns and cities of India
During the daytime noise from Delhi . Mumbai . in Calcutta and Chennai was found between 60 - 90 गया .
Acute damage is caused to the eardrum by a sudden loud noise .
There is a more serious consequence of noise pollution chronic damage to the hair cells in the inner ear .
Prolonged exposure to noise of certain frequency pattern leads to temporary or permanent hearing loss .
To prevent the spread of sound through air or solids a sound area may be constructed .
Trees should be planted in and around the factory to cut down the noise .
राजमार्गों should be done on both sides of the highways which act as a barrier against them .
Noise at community level can be curbed by imposing restrictions on blaring loudspeakers and by reducing their voice .
It is especially necessary near hospitals and schools .
The sounds can be very beautiful like music पडोसियों singing and laughter but only if it is within the reach of hearing and not forcibly imposed upon the neighbours .
It has been proved that constant loud noise can impair hearing ability and cause problems related to nervous disorders .
In October 1912 Rabindranath sailed for the United States accompanied by his son रवीन्द्रनाथ and daughter - in - law .
His son had just derived his graduation from the university of Calcutta a few months ago and had appealed to his father to शांति at शांति and wrote his first serious articles in English as he read .
In these lectures he interpreted in his own fashion : " This is the state of India ' s eternal consciousness and as revealed by the example of her voice and the Rishis .
Writing about it " Times Literary Supplement wrote : " None of these poems can feel that they are not the product of the unknown people but of the thinking that they are coming to English poetry .
Some perhaps will not be able to recognise this Indian poet because the philosophy is not his philosophy .
If it seems to us fantastic and alien before we despise it we should ask ourselves the question: What is our philosophy ?
A recent survey indicates that most of the forests of the Himalayas the पश्चिमी Western Ghats and the Shivalik hills have been cut off .
The satellite imagery reveals that the forest cover is being lost at the rate of 13 million sq m a year .
It is reported that the forest cover in Punjab has steadily declined from 1,200 sq km to 490 sq km during the 10 years from 1972 to 1982 .
The rate of depletion in Haryana is no less .
Most of the Himalayan forests have been bitten and the women have to walk several kilometres to collect fuel.
People believe that forests are like open treasury for them to use as they want .
They cut trees to collect firewood to graze the large number of animals and to extract whatever they want from the forests which they would like our wooden plank needed thirty - eight million cubic metres a year .
Secondly the greed of our forest contractors is compounding the problem .
In September 1972 the late Prime Minister Shrimati Indira Gandhi had said at the International Conference of Human Environment and Forests 1972 to provide a place for living and to create an object in the hills and making an improvement in the mountains .
While pollution cannot be curbed completely the levels of pollution can be minimised by adopting remedies that are simple and low .
For example deforestation must be followed by काटने .
Use a tree for each tree बदले .
The Visakhapatnam steel plant in Andhra Pradesh has planted over two million trees in its premises .
He has also coined a slogan . " for each tonne of liquid steel ready .
The leading manufacturers of zinc and lead in zinc are saying : " We do not only enjoy the environment; we protect it too .
The Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. has developed green belts around their refinery units and during 1991 they planted over a lakh of trees .
प्रदूषण of waste is a vital part in reducing pollution .
We are very restless in thought and we have none that poets can express.
Indeed critics were not wanting who refused to fall under the spell of this Indian poet .
The country of Tagore had a people ' s reaction in India as well .
राय Kumar Roy अमेरिका who was then in the United States of America and where Tagore ' s biography was published : रवीन्द्रनाथ India by many young Bengali poet in the United States was n ' t surprised by this statement of an English missionary .
One of them shouted in true American fashion , है .
Others cited many Bengali poets among them Nabin Sen and L . Roy as much greater than Tagore .
He added : " His love poems are poor imitations of the poems of our Vaishnava poets of old and his philosophy is of the Upanishads .
At any rate Tagore ' s name was now sufficiently acquainted with the English papers and his reputation had crossed the Atlantic Ocean .
It was perhaps the first journal in the West to publish his poems .
Soon after that he was invited by शिकागो Chicago University to address him .
It was only when Rabindranath was staying in रवीन्द्रनाथ A. M. Ray presented to Rabindranath and requested him to get more and more translation of his works since he knew that the Nobel Prize would be available to you .
Tagore had asked him with ease.
The awarding of the Nobel Prize for Literature by an American paper to a Hindu has occasioned much chagrin and no little surprise among writers of the प्रजाति race .
It is not surprising however that after all this distinction of seeing the person who is not a white - skinned woman ?
The Globe of Toronto Canada wrote: " It is the first time that the Nobel Prize has gone to any one who we cannot call Gora " .
The Los Angeles Times complained that this award अनदेखी the youth and the United States of America for which they are more pronounced than यूरोप - an average Hindu poet who claims more than a few would - be उच्चारण .
In January 1913 Rabindranath came to Chicago where he lectured on the सभ्यता of the Ancient Civilisation of India .
After visiting New York Tagore returned to London in April 1913 where also he delivered a series of lectures at the लंदन Hall .
When he had arrived in London less than a year earlier he was an unknown stranger.
Now he had become a sensation and a curiosity.
None of these books could be considered particularly pious or religious or philosophical and had a far better perspective for the foreign reader .
As a man who had influenced in many ways the western intellectuals and was acutely aware of the fact that the mind of Asia has gone back to the library and it will have to count as a living thing .
Here too we must be able to recall the बाट we are waiting for a thousand to live on to Who are we waiting for to pick up the path of the Supreme God ' s chariot and what our words are waiting for .
" The courage to say so was of the Dean of an open mind who reminded his ईसाई that Tagore was not a Christian but his work shows at one time when the एशियाई of Asian ईसाई ( एशियाई ) .
And yet as it always happened there were generally clever people who believe they can make no escape from their eyes .
Some of them found that behind this prize there was a narrow British mind which began to वैभव the glory of the imperial empire and some others thought that because it was a deliberate attempt at जर्मन ' s literary circle .
And there was no end to this kind of thing .
The first formal proposal was made by the English poet अंग्रेजी मूर in a letter brief and bald enough to be worth quoting here .
Shelley in spite of his vague idealism roused our minds because of his fanatic उन्माद which is born of a faith in life .
If this happens we will lose the artistic element of your literature into the deep consciousness but what is essentially human and entirely appropriate - give it a big boost to the distant future and remote countries .
We see your literature as a thundering life to us from the west even though it carries with it all the debris of the passing moment .
Though Choudhury ( whose pen - name was Birbal after the दरबार of Akbar ' s court was a brilliant writer himself the main promoter of fame and popularity of the journal fell upon Tagore ' s shoulders .
As though he needed this incentive he responded to the pressure with an abundance of literary output as remarkable for its quality as for its साहित्य short stories essays and novels .
Though the stories written during this period did not show the same freshness and charm as they had seen in the last two decades of the last century the change in nature and the life of the people on its banks grew सहानुभूति .
The next morning she threw away the male costumes and with the female स्त्रियोचित tried to persuade Arjuna to accompany them into the forest .
But Arjuna शपथ his request saying that he had taken an oath of celibacy and could not touch a woman.
होकर and wounded in the core of her being Chitra broke her bow into two and invoked by her penance .
The god of work Madan with his niece and the Spring came to her and appealed to her : For a day the Princess was perfect for me to be transformed into an exclusive and noble woman and love into my heart .
For just one day give me perfect beauty so that I can answer for the coming day . "
And in a forest pool he took a bath and taking bath in the water while taking a bath in it Arjun lost his consciousness and was swept off his feet .
भूलकर his vow of celibacy he मुनहार her .
For some months the two lovers lived in the bliss of love .
Their idealism was not with a hard core of realism and a sense of humour .
On 10 March a year in Santiniketan to maintain the memory of this experiment all the salaried staff are given off and the students cook their own food and the आश्रम preparing themselves for the annual dishes .
A typical example of recurrent symbolism in Indian tradition .
Gandhi ' s reformist zeal did not spare the poet' s personal diet .
One day on seeing a fried रात in . at dinner at जी Gandhi had remarked that these मैदे of fried rice in ghee which you were eating quite happily were poison for you .
Rabindranath smiled and said softly " This is a very slow poison for I have been eating it for about half a century .
Gandhi and Rabindranath these two saints strove to make politics holy and the poet who made this holiness seem beautiful .
Gandhi 's practice was always in advance of his पंख Tagore had wings to his thoughts and feet to his practice .
However firm and unfaltering the feet they could not keep pace with the wings.
Gandhi who was a stern ascetic was more humane than a humanist than a humanist and brought a theory of despair depicting the minds of millions of मानववादी .
Jagmohan ' s God - denying humanism is contrasted in the first chapter with his brother' s God - believing और and भाई .
Sachish revolted by his father ' s rebellious orthodoxy is dominated by the life of his uncle .
She is a young girl अनाथ an orphan who had been भ्रष्ट by her own brother and thrown on the streets .
He takes the girl to his uncle ' s house which is now pregnant and gives her shelter because his uncle thinks her as his own daughter .
To safeguard her future Sachish offers to marry her.
But the girl though she is grateful to her benefactors is really in love with her भ्रष्ट and prefers to commit suicide to the shame of marrying anyone else .
This incident comes as a shock to सचीश ' s cultivated belief in human बुद्धिवाद .
Soon after the city of Calcutta is victim of plague and as there is very little hospitals in the city the humanitarian uncle turns his house into a hospital for the poor himself nursing the patients .
He catches the dread disease and dies.
He deserved it " comments his orthodox brother .
She is so happy in her flight as long as सचीश and शिष्या of the Guru . A student and a widow from her side will not take her attention.
This girl दामिनी like Binodini of the earlier युवती is one of Tagore ' s few characters so full - blooded and real that no reader having known them ever forget them .
. loves Sachish but cares little for the Guru the facade of whose piety does not deceive him .
Sachish who believes that human love is a snare . He does not neglect her to be conscious of her .
Once when the party has camped for the night in a cave Sachish cannot sleep haunted by a vague dread of some primeval beast hidden in the cave about to creep over him with its violent पशु .
It ' s as if it were touching at the feet .
Unable to escape from thoughts of दामिनी Sachish finally begs her to release him .
The setting of the novel is tense from the beginning .
It was a stormy period of national upsurge of an upheaval of violent passions long submerged of a clash of ideals and self - interest .
The sombre narrative with brilliant sparks of thought as the विरुद्ध of opposing arguments strike against one another .
It is a clash all along of the new a clash of the old with the new a state of absolute घरेलू of power versus idealism a स्वतंत्रता of means a perfect love of freedom of love with the wild wind from outside .
Anybody who begins to read it can read it out how much it is in Rabindranath and Gandhi is good example in any other way though there are different ways in the upper direction .
The plot like all Tagore ' s plots is very कथानक usual and natural . an old triangle two men and a woman .
Nevertheless the character as it emerges in the novel is more shadowy than real .
His friend and protege रवीन्द्रनाथ the patriotic firebrand splendid wind - bag and shameless और on the other hand is far more real and convincing except that he speaks a language which only Tagore could put in his mouth .
He knows what it is going on between his wife and his friend and he may end it and renounce the game and not limit love in the open competition and free will of the outside world .
What happens between the three read the reader himself because the English version of the novel is given the Home and the World War .
The novel is significant in many ways as it is possible in one novel .
Tagore was tossing between his love of his home and the hire of the world .
He was restless once again .
The open road was still राह while most of the roads were closed he wrote to Andrews in 1915 .
I am in a nomadic mood but it is becoming painful to me for want of freedom .
They cannot be considered as great literature but some of them are effective and interesting in their own .
Some of them are quoted below as specimens - they are the best specimens .
The best chooses me .
" Every child comes with the message of God that God is not yet discouraged of man . "
ऋऋवह who is busy doing good finds no time to be good .
One was prophetic of Japan ' s धूल “Your idol is धूल - धूल in the dust to prove that God' s dust is greater than your idol. ”
Though the Japanese had given a warm welcome to Rabindranath Tagore the poet who had come from the land of the Buddha his enthusiasm was extinguished as soon as he had नकार the values of Western culture and विरुद्ध the national ego .
The यूरोप of Europe seems to have been really useful so long as its mouth तरफ towards humanity ; but in the exercise of all the powers of its greatness ever विरुद्ध against the everlasting look of man .
He admired the Japanese for being modern but reminded them that " True modernism is freedom of mind not slavery of taste.
He hated the burning of excited crowds of foreign cloth and being happy over it but he was also very unhappy when students had left schools and colleges to become toys to politicians .
At a public lecture in Calcutta Tagore made a frontal attack on the Mahatma without directly referring to the Mahatma Tagore called for an important exchange of intellectual and moral education between India and the West .
He felt so isolated among his own people in Bengal that his speech provoked a rejoinder from the popular Bengali novelist Sarat Chandra Chatterji in an article entitled बंगाली शरतचंद्र Conflict of बंगाली .
When the Mahatma came to Bengal on 6 September 1921 there was a long walk behind the closed doors of the poet ' s आवास house including the Andrews the official report of the journal is neither active nor is it open to him .
As Gandhi and Tagore were in their conversation a large crowd outside the house sympathised with the Mahatma and tried to teach him a lesson to the Mahatma lay in the midst of a large fire - house and set up a number of women from nearby shops .
Leonard रवीन्द्रनाथ has related that Tagore himself some time later gave him a gist of his conversation with the Mahatma .
They have stolen cloth from the shops in the सडक Road they 've lit that bonfire in my courtyard and are now howling round it like a lot of demented हैं .
Non - cooperation clashed with his way of thinking for his mentality his rich intelligence had been nourished on all cultures of the world .
Rabindranath did not fear the spirit of boycott within Gandhi - he knew that Gandhi was above but he also knew that his followers would not भडकाने their prejudice and passion to put the fever of nationalism.
What sacrifice are the students seeking ?
sacrifice too not for complete education .
About a decade earlier when he himself was the leader of the Swadeshi movement in Bengal a group of young students had come to ask him to give up his studies if he said .
When he declined to do so the party went away in anger देशभक्ति his patriotism .
If anyone can criticize it has a high level .
I can imagine that it is a terrible dream to suffer for the spirit the weight of the monster of mathematics .
He constantly शिकार his prey but does not give them any direction . "
Two years later when he started his diary during his visit to South America he mentioned what दम was to be for him in America the effect he had on his mood in which the poems were composed .
The spectacle of wealth and wealth the vision of relaxation and the power of man the blind and undesirable faith of man will ever पूंजी the supreme God of self - denial and self - government the supreme God of human detachment the supreme Light of Grace and Light .
" I sleep and awake sleep again and wake up .
I think too many times because when you take hold of me in your lap you lose me ; but perhaps you do n ' t lose yourself - well as in the night the sun and the day . "
" If you were not my mother but anyone else would you think I didn 't know you ?
Do I not dance to your arms ?
What fun it would be for one day one night if I had two homes .
Then as the evening used I would have rushed back to you and put your eyes in the palm " Who am I ? And you say " somebody who I know and yet I do not know ?
Where I came from जहां I want to go there .
But where it is I keep on खोजता .
Then I think he is everywhere .
मंगल Tuesday Wednesday they जहाज soon they must have airplanes .
Why does Sunday come so late mother?
It seems to lag behind all .
Does he live farthest of all as far as the sky is and is he the child of poor parents as you were . "
In a letter to his niece Indira he even said " These poems I wrote to give respite to my mind from the responsibilities of growing up .
I have given a place in these poems of expressions which had long been rubbed in my mind such as my life which I have described as " the play of the शिशु " which is only a child " .
We forget that thereby we malign the Creator of the universe Who functions without toil Who is supreme bliss .
But the respite was brief and intermittent and शांतिनिकेतन Santiniketan too .
आश्रम returned to the asrama on 26 September after an absence of five years .
With him came Leonard एलम्हर्स्ट the young Englishman whom Tagore had met in New York .
He had received Tagore ' s invitation to help the rural development centre at रवीन्द्रनाथ and he had been able to raise a large part of it from रवीन्द्रनाथ strait a time later on the department of the French scholar रवीन्द्रनाथ Levi of India at विश्वभारती .
I would like to find my reed again and be तिरस्कृत ignored by the busy and the wise as a hopeless ne कभी - do - से "
Would Tagore have been a greater poet if the Nobel Prize and the consequent blaze of fame and publicity had not invaded the obscurity in which his genius had so much travelled through ?
His vision within his soul stretched deeper into the depths of the world if he tried to act as a missionary in order to understand men better and instead discovered the ocean within him .
Who can say what happens if this happens ?
These are vain फ्रांसीसी : " One by one you can put Paris in a bottle is by the famous French proverb .
What is important here is that despite so much of the temptation the विकर्षण the lure the husband never सत्ता than his duties which he calls upon a poet and singer the singer the human and the भक्त the divine being .
Indeed none can say that the western interludes and periodic spells of missionary fervour were distractions that served as healthy आत्मा enriching his spirit and enlarging his mental horizons .
Whether it was due to it or not the fact remains that Rabindranath had never ceased to be creative and moving his ideas to the end of his life in the new field till he had awakened to the best of the world .
Even during his comparatively sterile periods he wrote enough and of such quality as to make other writers famous .
It is true that at times the inspiration seemed to wane the vitality to flag and he drew less from life than from habit .
In August and September a new musical sequence वर्षा Rains Festival and a new version of his earlier drama कलकत्ता Autumn Festival were presented on the Calcutta stage .
These compositions which are an enchanting amalgam of poetry drama music and dance were written for community celebration of the seasons of the year and breathe of the open air and joy of life .
They were not built in any rigid mould but they acquire in them the folk and classical traditions readily घुल from each other as in philosophy and a running commentary on real - time religious mysticism and a series of contemporary events .
The Mahatma was in jail and Tagore in his address to the students and inmates of the asrama dwelt at length on the true meaning of sacrifice which Gandhiji represents. "
His simple and homely address is instinct with deep respect for the person of the Mahatma .
Returning to Santiniketan in April he left soon to spend the summer in Shillong the lovely hill station of Assam .
He needed only peace to be creative and so in Shillong he wrote a remarkable play which he named as ' रक्त ' in English translated and published in English as ' Red रक्त ' .
This play like the पूर्वलिखित पूर्वलिखित shows Tagore ' s increasing concern with modern culture as with his own modern civilization .
The ageing poet was still की in his romantic youth vision .
His younger contemporaries charmed by his latest Novel begged him to make an anthology of his love poems and add something new to it .
The suggestion was enough to stimulate a mind that needed no more than a उकसाव .
As he himself put it lightly : " It is like a automobile engine which works on its own ; never once again has चल .
So instead of compiling a volume he wrote a new volume of poems : firstly the love poems called महुआ महुआ " It ' s a खुशबूदार flower with which native liquor is produced .
The title was appropriate for these poems : the most tender and exquisite कविताओं which is produced not by the experience but by an artificial stimulus as drunk .
This was not quite artificial for the poet was always in love with love an impersonal love .
In the rainy season of 1928 Tagore had started two seasonal festivals : trees in Santiniketan and वृक्षारोपण - LRB - वृक्षारोपण - RRB - .
These picturesque festivals with their simple and artistic कलात्मक accompanied by music dancing and Vedic chanting invoking nature ' s fertility and symbolising its ever - recurring youth are still celebrated annually and attract crowds of visitors from the neighbouring countryside and from Calcutta .
On 1 March 1929 Tagore sailed for Canada at the invitation of the National Education Committee .
On arrival in Los Angeles his passport was unfortunately lost and he attended to the issues of immigration authorities including some अपमानजनक .
He therefore cancelled his engagements in the States and sailed for Japan .
This was not the first occasion when an accident intervened to mar his appreciation of the United States .
He had been rubbed the wrong way even during his previous visit .
It was unfortunate indeed that his high expectations received repeated ठोकरें in a country known for the exuberance of its hospitality and friendship .
He spent nearly a month in Japan .
He loved this country and its brave and disciplined people and was filled with unhappiness as he watched their minds being steadily कर by a deliberately engineered hysteria of imperial ambition.
In his own bold manner he once warned them in a public meeting : " The past of the ideals which no longer lives or comfort no longer lives or merely विमुख a nation from the other .
The audience who saw the Indian poet had also दर्शकों and said " They look like our prophet . "
The real effect of this play on his mind can be gauged from the theme of his poem Child ' which he wrote immediately after his arrival in Germany . It was perhaps his only poem .
Fortunately he kept an account of his impressions in a series of letters he wrote home which were later published as Letters from Russia .
These letters testify to one of the most significant qualities of the ageing poet namely that he was no longer an older man in age .
About the same time as the शिक्षा where he lectured on Education his शिक्षा डेनिस नृत्य presented a programme of dance for collecting funds for his school although the whole of the city of New York was falling prey to financial problems .
ता the book to Tagore Will रवीन्द्रनाथ had written " You alone are sufficient reason why India should be free. "
In January 1931 Tagore returned to India via London where he had a long talk with Bernard Shaw at a हाइड which the हाइड gave in हाइड Park Hotel .
It was a long and tiring tour but rich and fruitful in experience .
Tagore had seen the western world in different phases and had left behind a long series of memories which had faded even though it did not altogether disappear .
He did not know that this was his last visit to the west but his sun in the western sky had set its tone .
रवीन्द्रनाथ with violence Tagore welcomed the stormy upheaval in Russia but the neighbouring countries did not show enthusiasm for the mass non - violent movement which the Mahatma was leading in their country .
Soon after his return to India in November 1890 the poems of उनकी were published .
These poems are full of subject - to the spread of imagery the flight of ideas the poet ' s rhythmic beauty and liveliness of his thought and the moment ' s fit for a mighty horse ' s back with a light restriction on his hands .
These poems have been classified into five sections and they have all along been the main subjects of their poetry though there has been a great deal of richness in poetry and philosophy and poetry with supernatural patterns and social patterns .
The instinctive love of man and the divine as well as the human and the human intuition and thought become more dissolved in their consciousness as in their personal life and it is difficult to separate them from one another .
हुए of those mythological days : Even at night Radha and Krsna Radha lost their longing in the intense bower of Vrindavana and even at night he is haunted to seek the love of Him wherever he wants .
He was still haunted by his experience of the land of transition but the enchantment of life was beginning to जकड .
The following are the lines of the poet ' s English adaptation .
From Kalimpong he went to Mungpoo a nearby hillside in Darjeeling district to be the guest for a few days of a young poetess an ardent admirer and devotee whose husband was the Director or me Government के plantation ( from which quinine is extracted ) .
There he wrote besides some poems a treatise on Bengali language later published as ' Bengali language ' .
Study of Bengali language . its structure and sound system its folk literature the world and literary usages were an old hobby of his and his explorations in this field bear ample evidence of his remarkable insight .
Something of the dashing आदर्शवाद of his romantic grandfather as well as the severe and practical idealism of his father had survived in him although assuming vastly different colours.
These and other poems published at the end of the year reveal the varied mood and sentiments of the poet and depicting all sorts of things the poem was named after 1940 of 1940 .
This was followed by another published in 1941 as The आरोग्य ( आरोग्य ) .
As the poet was a उपासक most of the poems in this volume and the previous one were dictated in the first half of the morning or in the day .
In the evenings he could not find himself fit to work for fever or practice .
The first poem in this volume seems to have been his firm conviction .
They too will pass and leave their mark .
They can pay homage to the poet by saying that he was a poet of the सर्वहारा class .
He has love and respect for life and was dedicated to the small joys and sorrows of his people ; this poem is the music of his life .
He loved and felt for the common man all his life long before it was a fashion to do so .
Nearly half a century earlier when he was living in his own village and looking after the family estates his letters bear testimony to his very deep feeling and concern for the peasants and workers .
His thinking was humane a symbol of a healthy moral sensibility and not derived from any ideology.
There is no revolutionary or special significance in his saying that when the empire comes to its downfall the common man will survive the earth .
It is then that the poem is so memorable .
Some of these poems were written on his last birthday at Mungpoo to which a reference was made earlier.
One of the finest among them was dictated at Santiniketan on 21 January 1941 .
His mind dwells around a small corner of this immense expanse - where knowledge of life and world outside his pale .
Accepting his limits Tagore calls for the future poets who would be related to this earth and be friends of the entrepreneurs who would be poets of the people who are all जमीन and कवि the hidden grievances of the people who are all over the land and waste .
He will not try to become his name by mock sympathy with the poor .
Be that as it may the recognition of their own limitations brings their poet - action to the still higher heights of his understanding of himself and why they need to be an कर्म .
Those who sing passionately of the dispossessed seem to have little sympathy for anybody .
This is testified by the inscription of the ancient cave - temple at के .
Similarly the Buddhist tantric rituals में into the Hindu modes .
With this background the temples and the mode of worship developed tremendously .
The main features of the southern temples are the छत with small vimanas their की and peripheral mandapas with flat roofs like the , and the high gopura entrance on the ऊपरी while the upper side - temples are पर with ऊपरी .
The whole structure is enclosed by a brick wall with entrance on the front side ( east or west ) on the gopura pattern with simpler additional entrances on the north and south .
The maha - mandapa or maha - mandapa is sometimes raised laterally by one or more bays and there were pillared entrances often surrounded by three sides .
Most of these shrines are dedicated to one particular temple but sometimes there were more or more temples in these premises .
The single shrines are oblong oblong थीं square or apsidal .
While the mandapas had flat roofs the shrine superstructures particularly of the apsidal ones were भाग - उभार i. e. with forms resembling the hind - quarters of an elephant ( भाग ) .
Its longer axis north - south was preceded by a closed maha - mandapa with six rows of five pillars .
Beyond Bombay and Poona these chaityas and viharas further north and north - west were चट्टानें with the चट्टानें of stony चट्टानें which was not easy to pick up even the पत्थर if they were चट्टानें .
पार south beyond Konkan in the Kerala area west of the ghats again abounding in गुफाओं it was excavated as cave - tombs in this period .
The porch framing the entrance shows similar imitation of कारीगरी in stone including the torana arch above the कारीगरी .
The का cave - temple of का is of the same kind as the वृ
The गुफा cave in की is also a figure of a circular chaitya .
The main sanctum sanctorum of the twelve है pillars on the other side is based on a round wall while the two are surrounded by a circumambulatory passage called the छत .
The other psychic scheme has the नाभि ( स्तूप ) or the स्तूप system ; it has a large rectangular representation like the navel which ends in one side the पार्श्व often having a narrow passage away from the nave .
The doorway in front is a huge threshold with an arched window on top .
In front of the facade of the hall a verandah with frontal pillars is cut - out .
The result was that these two parallel traditions continued in the Deccan until the emergence of the Vijayanagar Empire in the second half of the fourteenth century when it covered both regions and practically practically all over South India .
The northern पत्थर cult almost ceased to function and the use of hard stone in temple construction was almost completed effectively and the usage of hard stone in the temple construction has gradually become universal as in most of the usual regional styles hitherto evolved .
The three centuries covering the rock - cut phase in the Brahmanical and Jain temple architecture coincided also with the great revivalist movements of the Hindus and the continuing hold of the Jain sects on some sections of the people .
With the commencement of the seventh century the , and the भक्ति movements of the Hindus had resulted in a sea - change and the development of the devotional path of devotion .
In Tamil Nadu the Saiva and Vaishnava वैष्णव saints the वैदिक and the वैदिक became wedded to the Vedic traditions and traversed the whole area visiting shrines singing hundreds of devotional hymns in Tamil and rousing the people .
This resulted in the reformation of the extremist Saiva creeds of the बौद्ध धर्म . . . and the बौद्ध it curbed the strong hold that Jainism had on the people and almost led to the decline of Buddhism .
The Kannada area continued to be the centre of south Indian Jainism from where the various धर्म branched out into the Tamil and Telugu regions .
Krishna is shown in the उठाए Krishna ' scene with the क्रोध of Mount . which under Indra ' s anger is supported by पत्थरों वर्षा and पत्थरों for the safety of वर्षा rain and stones including their children मवेशियों cattle.
The depiction is quite powerful and और .
A unique south Indian note is struck by the introduction of Krishna ' s favourite महिलाओं गोपी गोपी near him in the group and distinguished from the rest of the women in the scene by her dress stance and attendant lady.
The Krishna - कृष्ण theme is special to the earlier and contemporary Tamil literature and tradition .
They continued the activity for three centuries till they like the Pallavas were overthrown by the rising Cholas of Thanjavur .
These are found in . . . . . . and other places . all in the जिलों and Tiruchirapalli districts .
Also the cave - temples are of a type . with shrine - cells and are much akin to the Pandya cave - temple in the same region .
The शासन or शासन chiefs ruling in the शासन area of , Salem and Coimbatore districts bordering the Tiruchirapalli district have excavated two fine cave - temples in गुफा .
They are dedicated to Vishnu and are noted for their fine sculptured panels .
These cave - temples numbering about sixty in all are like the Pallava examples excavated into the hard local rocks and are essentially similar to the Mahendra - style excavations in plan and design .
The पोतिकाएं while the pillars are square in section with the , essentially square on the base and top with the octagonal middle section carrying heavy पोतिकाएं or corbels usually with a straight bevel resulting in an angular profile.
There are however some examples with pillars of other types and corbels with a curved profile and उत्कीर्णन carved .
The cave - temples all lack a well - defined kapota in the गुफा over their mandapa facades as is also the case in the Mahendra - style cave - temples .
Some of the excavations are merely shrine - cells directly carved in rock face without cutting a mandapa in front .
Such cave - temples are numerous in this region and very rare in गुफा .
The inscription mentions the cave - temple significantly as तिरू - पाषाण - पाषाण or 'the sacred stone कोविल echoing the pioneering idea for this region as found in Pallava के ' s inscription at Mandagappattu in पल्लव .
The rock - cut cave - temple with an inscription in an obsolete script at जिला ( जिला district ) is also one of the early Pandya cave - temples as in the Siva cave - temple No. में in जिले in the same district .
The Vishnu ( Narasimha ) cave - temple at जिला Madurai district has a foundation inscription giving the Kali year है ( AD है ) and referring to its excavation by a minister of Pandya Maran के alias के .
At the present near ' पत्नी ' Ram ' s temple at सुब्रह्मण्य near Madurai is excavated into the larger cave - temple known as Subrahmanya and later आधार by another Pandya minister and his wife the Kali year शिलालेखों AD है .
There are two other excavations on either side of the larger mandapa type cave - temple and above the level of the के cave - temple which should be of a short time later .
One of these contains a bas - relief of Gajalakshmi and the other a group comprising devi as सेवकों and her सेवकों .
The well - known rock - cut cave - temple at जिला in the Pudukkottai area ( Tiruchirapalli district ) containing the celebrated early mural paintings in में is an example of a Jain cave - temple of the eighth - ninth centuries .
According to an inscription on a long poem this was by some शिलालेख . alias Madurai . forming a mukha - mandapa in front all this happened during the reign of पांड्य - Pandya ( Pandya ) .
The cave - temple at मुत्तरैयार स्थित another Muttaraiyar excavation dates a few years before the seventh year of Pallava नृप in the late ninth century .
The same may be said for the गुफा cave - temple cell which was devoid of any मु encounter
The Vishnu cave - temple at मुत्तरैयार in which the cave - temple at शयन is a natural cave - pocket of गुफा with a queen of the facade pillars and other characteristics which would be followed by an enclosed Siva cave - temple soon after the रानी .
The cave - temple in the same region as the गुफा cave - temple and certain other cave - temples at मलैक्कोलुंडीश्वरम also owe to गुफा .
The cave - temples at गुफा . . . . and other places in the northern Kerala area are those of the rulers of the Chera rulers while in the southern parts the गुफा and गुफा districts of Kerala and the त्रिवेंद्रम or गुफा in Tamil Nadu are mostly referred to them .
The cave - temples of the period from the middle of the seventh century to the middle of the ninth century due to the absence of special authenticity Kerala was under the rule of one or more royal dynasties and they were to be called by Kerala more than called चेर .
The connected political history of the राजनीतिक of the second period after the earlier Sangam epoch starts from the middle of the ninth century .
The two Vishnu cave - temples at विष्णु one dedicated to Ranganathan or Anantasayin and the other to Narasimha are according to their inscriptions excavations by the नरेश king नरेश of the रंगनाथ of the नरसिंह branch of the नरसिंह Tamil literature .
They belong to the first half of the eighth century and contain some fine images .
The most characteristic feature of the style is the door - frame of the cella with elaborate over - door components.
The सखा or components of the over - door range from three to many : the किरीट सोहावटी has a crest ornament the आभूषण ललाट and a superstructure or अधिरचना .
The basal part of the inner सखा and the बाजू carry panels with reliefs of the river goddesses Ganga and Yamuna .
In the Chalukyan cave - temples of the southern zone the Kannada area देवियों forms along with the river goddesses are depicted in the same panels .
These dvarapalas are in addition to the relatively larger dvarapalas in the niches flanking the outermost entrance of the front mandapa or front mandapas .
In जोगेश्वरी they flank the sanctum entrance as also the outer mandapa entrance .
This would indicate an earlier stage while the other Rashtrakuta caves show a tendency to revert to the scheme of less - than - द्वारपाल on either side of the sanctum entrance .
Besides the above गुफा others like Cave 17 - LRB - गुफा - RRB - 21 - RRB - and 26 are of the sandhara type and have their shrine chambers at the rear of the pillared mandapa cut out on all sides .
The गुफाओं or Cave 29 is of greatest interest since it is the largest and most imposing of the caves at Ellora .
Its sandhara and chaumukh or चौमुख shrine is not only isolated but also contained within a group of mandapas arranged in a स्वास्तिक plan which is similar to that of the Elephanta and the जोगेश्वरी cave .
The four doorways of the shrine are flanked by large dvarapalas and other accompanying sculptures .
The long rectangular maha - mandapa or mukha - mandapa also precedes the shrine and partly surrounds it has a wide nave and aisles formed by a series of five pillars on each side of which the front encloses the main entrance .
The lateral entrances of the maha - mandapa are two additional lateral entrances with two portals or pillared हैं .
The pillars are large in size with full broad or octagonal heads and the statutory inside is also ponderous and of large proportions.
The cave - temple can be dated to the middle of the seventh century in the Chalukyan period .
Cave 27 or the की ' s cave ( की ) is an interesting example with three shrines on the rear and side walls of the mandapa .
The upper floor has the navaranga hall with twelve outer pillars as in the Indra Sabha but there is also a shrine at the rear .
From one corner of the mandapa and disposed at an angle is an additional unit similar in shape and character to those of the groundfloor but complete and richly carved.
In Elephanta a small island off Bombay the cave - temple is distinguished by the exceptional quality of its sculptures of which the great Mahesamurti is the most well known .
The central east - west with the main east - west linear axis of the rock type has a great mandapa in its scheme which is supported by twenty pillars on its periphery the two pillars between eight and the front ones .
There are steps forward on the shorter sides उतरकर from which one can go down into the open bas - relief of this excavation in either direction and apart from the rest of the rock together with the excavated cave - temple .
These two are designed as the northern lateral extensions of the maha - mandapa with an entrance on the open side while the corresponding lateral extension of the same plan on the south dug into the parent rock contains the niches of Mahesamurti and other sculptures .
Towards the rear end of the maha - mandapa is a sandhara के shrine square and with doors framed by elaborate over - doors on the four sides .
Inside there is a large rock - cut linga pedestal with its spout on the north and with an inserted लिंग .
The Hindu cave at आजू ( जिला district ) in Maharashtra has a sandhara - गुफा of sanctum with two smaller transverse corridors in front and two smaller subsidiary shrines on the आजू .
It is apparently a late plan after the model of Caves 17 and 21 of Ellora and datable to the first quarter of the eighth century .
It was perhaps a provincial contemporary of एलोरा of Ellora.
There is an unfinished excavation by the side of the Siva cave .
The cave at में near Aurangabad has five shrine - cells in a line behind the pillared rectangular mandapa at the rear of an open cutting in a low शैल trap rock on the left bank of the की river - bed .
Each cell has a door - wide cavity .
The mandapa has two bays at the front and the rear forming mukha - and ardha - mandapa .
It is not clear whether the cave is associated with the Western Chalukyas or with the Eastern Chalukyas and may even have a mixed tradition .
The type and other types of sculpture indicate the eastern Chalukyan authorship in the middle of the seventh century .
The doorways of the shrines are simple ; the southern cave - temples as in the southern cave - temples are with large reliefs of the Western Chalukyan - Rashtrakuta type .
While most of the cave - temples are dedicated to Siva two are definitely dedicated to Durga and a few to Vishnu .
The sculptural content is very meagre compared to the examples at Badami Aihole Ellora etc. .
Among the few sculptures mention may be made of tandava Shiva .
The गुफा cave - temple at Undavalli is the largest of the group and is a three - storeyed structure akin to the Ellora Buddhist Caves 11 and 12 की the two talas and three .
It belongs to the seventh century if not earlier and was perhaps intended originally for the Buddhist creed but was adopted later for the Vishnu temple the principal deity being recumbent Vishnu or Anantasayin .
The शैल cave - temples are excavated into a soft चट्टान intrusion in the hills at नेल्लोर in Nellore district a rock material different from the Krishna - Guntur group .
There are small niches or memorial shrines with two rock sculptures of dancing Siva and Harihara inside them with हैं cut inside them with के or other inscriptions of the eighth century .
The eight larger cave - temples fall into two groups .
The first four starting from the northern end of the horseshoe valley or घोडे are simple shrine excavations without a front mandapa and lack the elaborately decorated kapota cornice and its kudu ornaments .
An earlier तवा though the अनगढ monolithic shrine form is found in the तवा cave at जिला ( जिला district ) Madhya Pradesh ) .
It is more or less a circular monolithic temple called चंद्रगुप्त of sandstone cut out of a solitary mass of sandstone and on a basis the गोलार्ध of the shape of चंद्रगुप्त was laid by Chandragupta i . e . चंद्रगुप्त according to the legend of चंद्रगुप्त .
What is more interesting is the fact that the Pallavas translated into the hard imperishable stone के the various forms of structural vimana temples of brick and timber that were prevalent at the commencement of the seventh century .
Thus they stand out as the earliest examples of the beginnings of vimana architecture in the south showing the varieties of vimanas that existed or were evolved at that time .
The variety in local forms namely plan and rise exemplified by these धार्मिक locally. called the rathas would also indicate the existence of well - defined codes and manuals on rituals art and वास्तु Agama Silpa and वास्तु Agama Silpa and वास्तु वास्तु .
They thus form the most important landmarks in the study of Indian temple architecture especially of the south .
These artistes have come to form the unitary type of temple forms with the ardha - mandapa in front and exposed not only the surface but the आंतरिक but also the आंतरिक of the shrines आंतरिक to a great extent .
They were all carved down from the apex to the base as opposed to structural constructions that are built up from the base or foundation to the apex.
However according to the traditional method the stupi or स्तूपी was set up in the स्तूपी temple with the ceremonial installation of the आराध्य image in the sanctum sanctorum of the , temple and after the ceremonial rites the stupi was dropped off and therefore the stupi was dropped off .
The तलों of both the talas carry applique हैं of the second tola and on the griva above and made up of four karnakutas at the corners and four बीच in between them on each side over each side .
The hara at the aditala level is extended also over the top of the ardha - mandapa a feature of all early vimanas .
The नागर नागर ratha नागर in the north with its ardha - mandapa are of the pure Nagara order ; only the distinction is that there is no के over the नागर विमानों ; this is the last of the series in Mahabali - शती of the eighth century .
Both the rathas lack sculptures on their aditala walls and are incomplete.
The incomplete southern रथ ratha facing east and the more complete Arjuna ratha are likewise double - storeyed square in section in both the talas and carrying applique शालाएं of four karnakutas and four salas at both levels .
The griva and sikhara are however octagonal in section making them both विमान nirandhara vimanas of the Dravida order of the composite type .
There are four nasikas projected from the four cardinal sides of the griva sikhara .
The ardha - mandapa in both the vimanas carries शालाएं of kutas and salas of a smaller size than those over the aditala .
Finding that the manufacture in these tough stones is a drudgery and more time consuming को and their प्रतिस्पर्धियों have to be exploited by तो in स्थानीय and नगर in their homes to add to the rapid and steady trend .
The great Kailasanatha temple in Kanchi and others in the same place are of this type .
However much departure from the Pallava Chalukyan cave - temples in this regard but their सरंचनात्मक or cut - off rathas definitely benefitted them since they found better thought of form legislation proportion and design of their rock - cut cave - temples .
The Shore temple at Mahabalipuram is a complex of three shrines with accessory mandapas prakara enclosures and gopura mandapas .
The face of the biggest vimana in these three is the sea in the east and is called the Kshatriya . ; and behind it the smaller vimana ardha - mandapa with its mouth from the west is called the मंडप .
These names inscribed on the structure are all titles of Rajasimha the builder of the , complex .
The larger eastern vimana has an additional prakara of its own closely investing it on the south and north and leaving the west open .
Both the talas are devoid of the hara .
The vimana is called विमान - कोष्ठों in the name of the son of Rajasimha the sanctum with a simple long - sized linga and a Somaskanda panel on the inside of the ardha - mandapa with sculptures of Brahma and Vishnu sculptures and its other sculptures .
The prakara has another entrance on the west at the middle which is a real gopura entrance with a sola superstructure is smaller in size .
On the inner face of the prakara wall a group of small dvitala vimanas all of which are just two square and of the kuta type .
But among the kuta vimanas of the malika of parivara shrines those along the east face west those along the west face east while those on the north and south both face east .
The outer walls of these parivara shrines of the malika contain a variety of sculptures both Saivite and Vaishnavite of varied iconography thus making this temple complex a veritable museum of iconography and plastic art .
The पार्श्विक has a small पार्श्विक with a small gopura or पार्श्विक in front and two lateral entrances in addition near the two front corners .
Thus it was a village moot hall a ग्राम even as the ग्राम in Aihole .
It originally like the लडखन had a small shrine at the rear now replaced by a much later one called की .
The विमान likewise has a shrine at the rear wall of the hall and with the छत scheme added later since the roof shrine has the features of a more evolved Chalukyan vimana .
The का of the Jain dedication with an inscription dated AD 634 is better evolved .
The walled central bay forms the main sanctum and also carries the roof shrine over it .
The rear bays on either side open up to the corners of the rear wall in place for two lateral shrines of the groundfloor with two lateral bays on the median axial line with flat roofs like the central cell forming their respective ardha - mandapa .
The three mukha - mandapa bays in front as also the corresponding three at the rear have slopy roofs .
Likewise the two lateral walls of the mandapa are relieved five times corresponding to the hara elements the central one on each side being a दिशा which is again found on either side of the front eastern wall on either side of the shrine entrance .
The extreme recesses on the north and south of each lateral face of the mandapa wall .
The second tala is tall rising as an extension over the aditala wall .
The third tala of a lesser height over it is also devoid of the hara .
Unlike in this group of vimana forms in which the various stages of development were recorded in the seventh century we have in front the Sangamesvara which forms the vimana temples in पट्टदकल as in the representation of the structural features of the vimana tala to a certain extent.
Among these the temples at गोदावरी ( East Godavari district ) are prominent .
The बिक्कावोलु series is in two groups .
The earlier one comprises the temples called कंसारगुडी . and a third having no local name ; all these might have been built perhaps in the time of उत्तराधिकारियों ) and his successors .
They are all square on plan three - storeyed tritala Nagara vimanas with four पंजरों and पंजरों intervening on the aditala and second tola . without panjaras and devoid of the sukanasika .
These features indicate affinity and proximity to the Pallava type though their distinct regional and parental Chalukyan traits would be evident from the other features and the general stature of the vimana form .
Much skill has been shown in the construction of the मेहराब ( especially at the top of the arch ( a pair of makara heads ) .
The नाल in the flexed cornice or kapota are horseshoe - shaped as in the Pallava and early Chalukyan examples .
The other three temples inside the गांव the गांव the अंदर the अंदर and the गांव belong to the second and later group c. नरेंद्र - के and the last is probably of the time of Rajaraja Narendra ( राजराजा ) .
They are also two or three नागर Nagara vimanas square on plan but with their superstructures entirely or partially restored in later times and heavily plastered over many basic clinical features .
Though it is lesser in size it is ornate with the ताकों of bold and round sculpture in the niches and के of Puranic scenes formed by miniature panels.
The one forming a belt round the base of the vimana walls is noteworthy in that it narrates अनुसार the story of the life of the sixty - three Saiva शैव according to the work .
In the larger पत्थर free wall niches and in the malika corridors a new medium namely a black polished basalt - like stone has been used ; while the structure is of granite .
They are all sculptures of a fine quality and most of them are now removed and exhibited in the Thanjavur Art gallery .
The closed maha - mandapa of this east - facing complex has an open porch - like agra - mandapa on its south with शिल्पांकन carved pillars having panel sculptures.
The mandapa like the हाथियों is also constructed as a chariot on wheels drawn by the हाथियों while the front steps have हाथियों guarded by elephants .
Outside this gopura is the ornate but small Nandi - mandapa .
Beyond is another outer gopura the प्राकार now non - existent outer prakara .
The addition of the devi temple brought into more common vogue the kalyana utsava or annual ceremonial marriage festival of the god and goddess for which special kalyana गए ( मंडप ) mandapas with attached मंडप - mandapas were built .
The advent of the special Nataraja shrine as part of the sabha - mandapas or नटराज - mandapas in Siva temples has already been mentioned .
The other types are the festivities for festivals at different times ; . where the festival images are held at different times . decorated in procession and outside it in procession .
The शाला or मंडप - LRB - मंडप - RRB - the grammar - LRB - mandapa - RRB - the colour pavilion for dance and music and even the sinking of the temple complexes were added to the sanctum sanctorum of the concert hall .
All these made the medieval temple of the Tamil land not only the religious समुदाय of the community but also the centre of social educational economic and other temporal activities that always centred round the temple.
His early temples like the नवलिंग group in बालुकाश्म near बालुकाश्म district and the बालुकाश्म in the latter half of the tenth century were perhaps the last among those structures which were built of sandstone and indicative of the extinction of rock tradition with sandstone .
They adopted different soft stones such as the पत्थरों पत्थरों for their temples during the middle of their time .
The fine cluster of nine temples in a group called the दीवारों temple consists of nine two - or three - storeyed square vimanas single - walled and built round the sides and ends of a linear row of three mandapas all of poor quality sandstone .
In general appearance but for the characteristic . they resemble the बिक्कावोशु temples of the Eastern Chalukyas .
It had originally a closed navaranga - mandapa in front though an open mandapa was added later .
The central bay of the navaranga included within the four central pillars is a square larger than the eight surrounding peripheral sections .
Besides there are four supporting pillars at the four inner corners of the sanctum .
The pilasters on the walls are slender with capitals that have lost their robust size .
The pilasters on the walls are slender with capitals that have lost their robust size .
The recesses between the bays of the wall are framed by elaborately भित्तिस्तंभों pilasters with pilasters carved on top in the Chola temples of Thanjavur and और .
The decorative pilaster is framed inside a torana over two shorter pilaster .
Thus the poem goes on and on to the mystic contracts which are shaking the मनुष्य of nature and man and the नीले of the world are gone on to the still obscure tale of the radiance of the world .
This patriot and lover of his people was the severest critic of the देशभक्त of his countrymen .
In other words the wonderful panorama of life in this world seems dull .
All this must melt away like a shadow. Getting and not getting they both end in उच्छवास .
They sometimes realise that all that love is contained in this life and in all that is Love in the past as in God ; in the relentless search of the spirit without understanding of it its culmination in love the sincere yearning of that self .
It was a satisfactory relationship with the religious consciousness and the deep tide of Will that had reached its culmination during the period of ' Gitanjali .
But the love of life is strong and the mystic consciousness was no longer strong .
But nearer home in the northern regions of the empire the break is observed to be more pronounced conditioned not only by the political invasion by the विदेशी rulers of alien faith but also other local and intrinsic reasons .
The transition from soft stones to a much new and पाषाण hard stone and in addition to it the पाषाण predecessors . . . and the hundreds of seats left earlier by the Western Chalukyas are most important in the history of architecture and lyrical demand .
The very peculiarities of their plan and elevation could not afford the starting point for the Vijayanagar series .
Either of them have become गली - de - sacs so to say that had taken far away from the main चालुक्यों of evolution laid down by the early Chalukyas of राष्ट्रकूटों and their erstwhile early Chalukyas .
For the बहुस्तरीय nature of the superstructure as a result of the emphasis on the horizontal division was the sine qua non of the recognized southern vimana system .
In such a perspective of the दमन almost to the extent of दमन in effect of the horizontal division and stratification neither could the Hoysala genre .
The similar but somewhat wider vertical लहरदार vertical लहरदार of the type from the base to the almost top with a renewed emphasis in the Hoysala style could not satisfy the requirement .
The पाषाण पाषाण of stone as well as the availability of a large place for the carving together as the result of the पाषाण . encouraged the exuberance of the ornaments and ornaments which could not be readily adopted by the Vijayanagar craftsmen for their work .
Inside the eastern apse or the eastern half of the structure is accommodated a large pillared mandapa with twelve peripheral pillars each of which is a huge से of the composite character that becomes the feature of Vijayanagar temples to come.
Each of these female नारी pillars is carved on the outer surface by a series of short नारी or नारी arranged from the main body only at the base and top with all the characteristic features of a particular column while the पुष्प is attached and attached .
Yet the बीच design is betrayed by the raised ceiling with nine bays on top eight of them surrounding a central larger section .
Inside the open gaps of each one of the vyalas the stone mass has been carefully cut out into a round ball which can be rolled inside but not taken out .
The passage outside the ring of the रंगमंडप - mandapa pillars and between them and the outer wall has a roof made up of two rising stages each with an outward slope while that over the central रंगमंडप - mandapa the ceiling is raised up still further as a रोशनदान .
The roofing in this highly rain - soaked region is adequately designed by the laying above of the long channel stones sloping out and placed together the adjacent parallel edges of every two channels being covered by an inverted channel stone hood .
This pattern is found followed in many other temples of this area and the western coastal strip on the other side of the Ghats .
The wall inside the larger central volume on the inner roof of the रंगमंडप - mandapa thus becomes much more depth : it is a " वितान ceiling on which there is a distinct blind lotus multiple lines hanging and a large central hanging over them .
The sanctum for the circular srikoyil of श्रीकोयिल the most northerly of the row is divided by a transverse diagonal wall .
The western half forms the Siva shrines have shrines with their own door - Opening and flight of steps in front and a का अर्धभाग सामने .
The eastern half is dedicated to devi Parvati with a door opening on the east .
The northern and southern faces have false doors or या .
Over the moulded stone adhishthana the outer wall of the sandhara structure and its prastara show the characteristic reliefs of pilasters and miniature shrines of the kuta sala and panjara models as in the Tamil Nadu temples .
The slopy conical roof of metal sheet covers these by its overhanging eaves supported by brackets sprung from the wall at intervals.
The inner wall rising up further actually carries this immense conical roof or sikhara with a single metal stupi on top .
The राम temple of Rama is the two - storeyed shrine of the group square on plan with its adhishthana walls and prastara relieved five times on its four sides .
I rescued them again and for the last time ; but in spite of my हत्याओं ' s advice the rebels did not accept their intention and order the poor to kill them .
If they did so they would have been urged by Mirza Moghul . "
The king went on to say that several coins and documents were signed against his will " as far as my seal appeared and his signature made on him the reality was that from the day on which he had taken possession of the European officers . "
The papers they thought fit made by them and brought them to me compelled me to affix my seal.
Sometimes they brought the rough drafts of orders and had fair copies of them made by my correspondent .
At times they brought the original letters intended for despatch and left copies of them .
Hence several rough drafts in diversity of hands .
Frequently they had the seal impressed on the outside of empty shells .
It is therefore difficult to know what papers they sent in these or to whom they were . "
I prefer to quote from the evidence . "
He had afterwards thrown away Bahadur Shah ' s full - fledged पेंशनभोगी and पेंशनभोगी : " The fact that the prisoner was a pensioner in India and the British government had not denied him any chance of it or his family .
He was a sovereign ruler and was supreme in Delhi . "
Shah Waliullah ' s statement made an attempt to prove that when he and the lawyer were with Ghulam Abbas बादशाह he was informed that the men were killed at the death of Mrs हत्याओं not sufficient information to be paid to सिपाही .
He submitted that the King ' s servants were the सेवक and the King was also a party .
He said " No servant was to be dismissed and not the slightest investigation into any behaviour against anybody and in fact the खिलाफ these murderers were to be in the service of the king . "
On the first charge he stated that the King ' s चिट्ठियों were to be issued to the special slave the Lord Governor Muhammad Bakht Khan Bahadur in his own hand and that letters written by others to the King .
We recognise the obligation to publish it .
He further stated that the paper was entirely on my responsibility on 28 April 1883 and it was published by 1883 डे according to my जिम्मेदारी information and confidence रामकुमार did not read the editorial material before its publication .
I further wish to say that Mr . नौरिस I do not know other than the respected and learned judge of the Hon 'ble Court and that whatever interests I have written and published with regard to Sir Syed .
The letter was published in the above issue of the letter on 28 April 1883 as follows: 'The first page was 194 194 194 and the second page under the title The ' News and Notes ' of 24 April 1883 ' .
" The Brahmo Public Opinion referred to in the said paragraph is a periodical work published in Calcutta every Thursday and is believed by the people and I believe it to be under the editorship of a gentleman practising as an attorney of this court .
" The complaint was firstly based on the material facts of the article ; according to my information : securing and confidence " observed in the Brahmo Public Opinion on April 19 1883 and no और or या of the same letter till today .
" The complaint was published in the issue of 26 April 1883 of the second article ' s पब्लिक Public Opinion and no के or 1883 was published before the publication of the above issue in any other newspaper .
He went on to say : " I had the privilege of being an Indian of my generation and of my younger generation ( as I understand ) which was to suffer imprisonment for public duties " In India ' s case विदेशों .
He became a hero overnight.
The trial sowed the seed of the right of freedom of expression and trial of the press to express free and frank comments in the interest of the public .
It challenged the jurisdiction of the court to try for contempt .
This trial also established a rule that even a judge of the High Court should take care of the public sentiments and should not act in an arbitrary manner .
Interestingly enough Surendra Nath Banerjea was later made president of the 11वें session of the Indian National Congress .
He was born in a Marathi English - speaking family of पत्रकारिता and was awarded a degree in Deccan College from where he passed the डेक्कन College under his orders in the field of journalism and he joined the Kesari and the मराठा in Marathi .
In 1857 he started the Shivaji festival and tried to revive patriotic fervour amongst the Indians .
His adverse criticism of government measures to fight the plague outbreak in Poona - LRB - Pune - RRB - led to his prosecution and conviction on charge of sedition.
Tilak was prosecuted under Section 124 - A . A . A . A . D .
Tilak defended himself and prepared a masterly defence which is a document of historical importance .
It was in this trial when asked by the judge whether he had anything to say in his defence तिलक Tilak uttered those memorable words which were inscribed on the entrance of this hall .
Tilak was sentenced to six years' transportation to Mandalay in Burma and a fine of Rs 1000 .
The third trial of Tilak took place in 1916 on his release from the six years' sentence of transportation.
In this trial also he was charged with sedition but no jail sentence was imposed .
The second trial of Tilak in 1908 is of historical importance as it acquired a place in the history of criminal jurisprudence .
Tilak was arrested and made to stand before the Presidency Magistrate to face charges in the preliminary hearing at the बंबई Court in Bombay .
He was charged with जनता and राजद्रोह of the Indian Penal Code before the Presidency Magistrate Mr A . H . S . राजद्रोह and under 153 A . D .
The counsel for Tilak argued that there should be a single trial .
The government advocate pressed for two separate cases and the magistrate had no choice but to order two cases according to the official view .
Tilak was committed to the High Court where such trials were conducted at that time .
M . A . Jinnah the national leader of the time who in course of time became the maker of the present Pakistan argued his bail and said that the तिलक were इलाज by his actions and those articles on the मधुमेह of तिलक ' .
For accurate translation to be submitted to the court and to enable Tilak to prepare his own defence it was only just and fair to grant him bail .
He assured the judge that Tilak could be relied upon to appear in the court on the date fixed for the hearing .
Mr Jinnah also reminded the judge of the earlier decision of Mr Justice Tyabji when bail in such a case was granted .
He was not aware that the attitude of the government towards political activists had परिवर्तन during the intervening period and the judiciary was not free from such preconceived notions .
Mr Justice Davar refused to grant bail .
Though Tilak was not a revolutionary and nor did he believe in violent methods elaborate security arrangements were made to arrest him .
The government used its troops to control the unprecedented crowd who waited outside to have a glimpse of their beloved leader .
The authorities fearing protests from the crowd of admirers waiting outside the jail decided to bring Tilak in the darkness of the night from डोगरी Jail to the High Court building to lodge him in a solitary cell at the top floor of the building .
The government was not willing to provide them any facility ( help from advocates or jury ) and arbitrarily shifted the venue of the trial to the Bombay High Court to the prejudice of Tilak .
A dispute also arose about the nature of the jury .
The government wanted Tilak to be tried by a special jury to secure his conviction.
The barrister Joseph Baptista brilliantly argued against the government ' s insistence on a special jury .
Their argument was that the special jury would consist mostly of Europeans and Anglo - Indians who would not have known the original Marathi language of the alleged objectionable articles .
Thus from the very beginning the so - called hostile resistance against his community against Tilak would make him ill - treatment .
He said that it would be a travesty of justice to have a special jury of Europeans and न्याय in the case of a charge of भडकाने the masses under Section 153 A of the Indian Penal Code .
He found it wrong that instead of giving a child full freedom in his mother tongue and without expressing happiness he was compelled to age the complexity of the idiom of an alien language and thereby ended his delicate balance with an alien language which was set to his own .
And so he did not forget his school days when we had children to sit inert like dead specimens of a museum and we burst lessons on us at the same time as flowers .
Before he learns from his mind he learns to assimilate these experiences with his senses .
He must therefore be provided with an environment which will stimulate his curiosity and make his introduction to the world around him easy and pleasant .
He should be encouraged to do things for himself and to be at least as far as possible his dependence on the teacher .
So that the child was able to understand and loved his environment ; before he was kept under a watch on his mind he knew all his अंग and so came to know of Mahatma Gandhi ' s fundamental teaching in India .
According to Rabindranath Tagore nature is the best teacher .
He also wanted the understanding of science to stem from the study of nature and from natural education which could develop the child ' s curiosity understanding and outlook .
In 1897 plague ravaged Poona and दमनकारी the oppressive of - कार्यकारी - in - charge was murdered by brothers who went to the gallows singing verses from the Gita .
Young Savarkar deeply impressed took an oath to fight like the लडने for India ' s freedom .
The next year it was expanded to the " friend Mela " .
In 1902 Vinayak joined the पुणे College Poona and lived in its fold .
He gathered round him a band of young patriots .
In 1905 the partition of Bengal roused a countrywide protest. Savarkar ' s group organised a bonfire of foreign cloth at Poona for which he was expelled from the college कालेज .
After graduating in 1905 Vinayak toured extensively to gain support for his' Mitra Mela समिति which was now known as ' Abhinav Bharati ' .
In 1906 on the recommendation of तिलक Tilak Vinayak secured Shyam Krishna Varma and sailed for England .
It involved important legal issues of national and international significance .
Savarkar ' s only purpose in life was to liberate his motherland from the foreign yoke by all means .
The great patriot क्रांतिकारी revolutionary and freedom fighter Savarkar was associated with political activities from his student days and was also an active member of the समिति Bharati Committee for India ' s independence .
While taking an active part in political activities Savarkar decided to go to England and bring before the British people and the world at large the injustice against the Indian people in the form of repression and exploitation .
But as a brilliant student it was not possible for him to go abroad at his money .
While studying law in Bombay he heard that the great patriot Shyam Varma a barrister in England wanted to earn a scholarship to needy Indian students .
Savarkar reached London in 1906 and devoted himself to his education .
He also used his energy to political activities and actively associated with the Indians who propagated ideas against the British rule and supported revolutionary activities in India .
The Brigadier ले seized Savarkar by the arm and took him back to the ship and the prisoner went on peace with him .
The Brigadier did not release his hold till they reached the deck of the vessel .
It would appear that the incident did not occupy more than a few minutes .
It is alleged that the Brigadier was not ignorant of the presence of Savarkar on board the vessel and that his orders like those of the French police and सिपाहियों were to prevent any Hindu from coming on shore .
These circumstances show that the persons on board in charge of Savarkar might well have believed that they could count on the assistance of the French police .
It has been established that a फ्रांसिसी of the French police came on board the vessel shortly after its arrival and in accordance with the orders of the Commander in respect of the watch to be monitored .
As a result the Speaker was arrested from the British police officer of the prisoner .
The court decides :
" Even if what has been said so far is clear in the view of the fact that it was not a case of cheating or पकडने a person who did not have any intention of पनाह a foreign land and entrusted the पनाह to the British .
Even if under the circumstances the conduct of the Brigadier ब्रिगेडियर ' was not rejected by his officers ' before 9 July before he left Marseilles on the eve of July ' s ' मर्साई ' ( मर्साई ) the police naturally thought that the Brigadier had agreed to his actions .
But in view of the fact that Savarkar was arrested and placed before the British police in custody there is no law of international law which विदेशी to the country of protection under the circumstances .
The judgment of the Tribunal shocked the world as it laughed at the right of asylum as cited in International Law .
In the case of Savarkar सावरकर de Jurisprudence General de Doctrine et de Jurisprudence de Doctrine et de Legislation का 1911 .
In the " Law Magazine and Review of the judgment of the Court Martial आलोचना pp . 326 330 ) मध्यस्थ by बैटी and other अदालत of अदालत laws .
ब्रिटेन in International Law ( section ) one - eighth edition . p . ब्रिटेन . ब्रिटेन of the French vs. Great Britain recorded this trial .
Some members of the British Parliament also criticised the judgment of The Hague trial .
One Indian patriot Shyam Krishna Verma a letter from Europe published in Europe also commented :
The Hague The Hague International Court ' s judgment had खंडित faith in the rights that political refugees naturally were ' natural ' and it is sad that a country known for its freedom must recognise these rights most political reasons .
El पार्लियामेंट had rightly said that for the first time अदालत " was to die " go to the court of law " छोडऋ a friend who was a member of the British Parliament " declared that he was sure to be his own .
Dr . के an authority on the International Law has commented on it : " This judgement very limited the right of asylum .
According to this decision if it goes far it can be said that Prince क्रोपोतकिन can be killed by ब्रिटिश Russian agents with the British police and not by the consent of the British Government and by any rules of International Law .
The decision serves to emphasise the fact that we will need the utmost of the permanent High Court of International Law as supplementary to the Arbitration के ( अंतर्राष्ट्रीय ) since there will be rational समझौते authoritative decisions instead of the negative agreement . "
Thus ended the trial of a patriot and revolutionary who loved his motherland and risked his life for its liberation from the शासन British rule .
The trial also left an imprint of Savarkar ' s personality on International Law and the footprints of a champion of liberty who heroically strove for the deliverance of a suppressed man .
The effect was so great that the French prime minister M . फ्रांस was compelled to resign soon after the trial of the Hague .
Mahatma Gandhi . - पोरबंदर Mahatma Gandhi was born on 2nd October 1869 at Porbandar in Gujarat .
He was the youngest of three brothers and had a sister .
His father Karamchand पिता was Prime Minister of Rajkot .
Gandhi was in school till 1887.
Gandhi was married in 1881 to था .
After spending nine months in a college he went to England in September 1888 to study law .
He returned to India in 1891 and set himself up as a lawyer.
In April 1893 Gandhi was called to Natal in the service of a merchant named Seth अब्दुल्ला .
On arrival he experienced in person the harsh treatment meted out to coloured people by अश्वेत .
There he read " The Kingdom of God was within you and was also influenced by his writings .
Gandhi returned to India on 19 December 1914 and after a brief and अवररूद्ध stay in February - March 1915 collected his companions of अहमदाबाद 1914 and established the Satyagraha Ashram in Ahmedabad city on 25 May 1915 .
It was shifted in June 1917 to the banks of the Sabarmati river opposite the city .
Between 1917 and 1918 Gandhi participated in two movements in Champaran ( Bihar ) and खैरा ( Gujarat ) and in the labour dispute in Ahmedabad .
World War I ended on 11 November 1918 and this was followed by the proposal of the Rowlatt Bills designed to curb the rising tide of rebellion in India .
Gandhi reacted strongly against the oppressive measures and stood for the resurgent Indian nationalism .
From 1924 to 1929 Gandhi devoted himself entirely to constructive programmes and launched many " Satyagraha " movement .
In 1924 he was elected president of the Indian National Congress .
There have been a number of detailed studies on his philosophy of life and on political राजनैतिक social religious and economic ideas .
Gandhi has been looked upon by many primarily as a religious leader many accepted him as the leader of Indian nationalism .
He was very regular and methodical in his habits and austere in his style of living .
Gandhi respected the deep religious beliefs of every individual and his treatment for men and women was entirely humane and he would do everything to alleviate the sufferings of all those who came to him for shelter .
I merely wish to state that at the proper time of coming I would plead 'guilty' so far as disaffection towards the government is concerned .
It is true that I am the editor of " Young India " ; the articles read in my presence have been written by me and that the proprietors and publishers have given me the policy of the whole newspaper .
It was recorded in the proceedings before the trial of the Court that accused . 1 did not wish to call any defence witness and that he had no objection if the trial in the Sessions Court proceeded without delay .
Accused किया 2 refused to call any defence witnesses and requested the court to take the case early .
The Magistrate passed the following order under Section 213 .
There is a charge on the accused in ' Young India ' of having published some significant articles in the ' Young India ' of accused : ' accused " ' editor of this newspaper and accused अखबार 2 of the publisher .
" I object to you Sir L. N . Brown Additional District Magistrate . मोहनदास .
" You wrote on 29th September 1921 . of the charge in Ahmedabad and wrote an attempt to भडकाने the case and to punish an Indian न्यायाधिकार or a Code of Contempt in which was instituted against the authority of British India .
For a long time the impulses in the minds of the people burst into a flood of tears and a long procession through the शोकाकुल march towards Mahatma Gandhi ; those who were constantly beating up and down upon their feet झुकता
The final scene of the trial yet का farewell to friends and comrades who went in a row and for each of them Gandhiji had a kind word or a friendly मुकदमे .
The leave - taking extended for about an hour .
The military officers were waiting with a car for Gandhiji .
At about 2 o 'clock Gandhiji entered the car with Kasturba गांधीजी Pandit Malaviya Banker and Mrs Naidu .
The anxious crowds standing outside the Circuit House attempted to shout their " महात्मा cry of Mahatma Gandhi ki jai but Gandhiji stopped them with a sign of his hand .
The curtain fell finally but till then the Indian message of truth and nonviolence had been recorded in the sheets of history .
Strangely one of the principal grounds advanced by the prosecution for rejecting bail applications and accepted by the magistrate was that the case had been started by the Government of India after due care and therefore the accused were in all likelihood guilty .
The preliminary enquiry commenced before Mr Milner White special magistrate at the district court of Meerut .
In his early speech he emphasised the role of Moscow and the Third International in carrying on communist propaganda in India .
Third while giving a vivid account of the emergence of international इंटरनेशनल objectives their organization their methods and means of गृहयुद्ध they said that the majority of people involved in the anti - national movement inevitably profit and violence under the inspiring forces of violence . "
Besides he referred to the role of various Moscow controlled and directed the anti - communist agencies in India like the Red International of Labour Unions the National Minorities Movement and the League against Imperialism for furtherance of communism in India .
As he emphasised the " destructive conduct of " चरित्र " all across the कम्युनिस्ट world Mr James pointed out that the Communists of Russia destroyed their own people and now planned to strike at the so - called national structure of India .
They made vigorous efforts to capture the Trade Union Congress in 1927 and last year they persistently adhered to the Moscow Group .
The sentences were reduced significantly .
व्यक्तियों and eight others were completely acquitted .
Considering the fact that the accused had already been in jail for more than four years the High Court tried to be somewhat जेल .
In the Sessions Court the prosecution evidence came to record for more than 13 months .
5 . . : Four Months
The hearing of the arguments started on 24th July 1933 .
The trial was a farce throwing all established legal norms and procedures to the winds.
Sardar Bhagat Singh was born at Banga in the बंगा district of the West Punjab Kishan Singh and बंगा in 1907 ( exact date of birth is not known .
On completion of his primary education at the village school in Banga Bhagat Singh was sent to the D. V. College at Lahore .
From 1923 to the time of his death in 1931 Bhagat Singh preached the cause of his motherland.
In 1925 he founded the लाहौर Bharat Sabha at Lahore to inculcate a spirit of revolution among the youth .
He came in contact with other revolutionaries like Sukhdev Yashpal सुखदेव Yashpal Chan - dra Shekhar Azad दास Nath Das and others who were working with the youth .
On 3 February 1928 when the Simon Commission landed in Bombay the Congress gave a call of black flag demonstration .
Lala Lajpat Rai suffered serious injury and within 15 days of this incident he died on 17th November 1928 .
Bhagat Singh took upon himself to avenge this national insult with " खून for blood.
On 17th December 1928 Bhagat Singh . with his two close associates राजगुरू Rajguru and Azad पुलिस reached the office of Mr Scott the Deputy Superintendent of Police .
Bhagat Singh and his comrades took their pre - planned positions in the office which was located in the Punjab Central Secretariat .
Sometime later Naren came out of an English office .
Jai Gopal one of Bhagat Singh ' s comrades mistook him for Mr Scott .
Actually he was Saunders Assistant Superintendent of Police .
The moment Saunders started his motorcycle and rode out of the gate at 4. 20 p. m. at the awaited signal from Jai Gopal Raj Guru fired at Saunders hitting him in the neck .
The nation rejoiced at सांडर्स shooting for it was not an act of violence or terror but it was a question of the honour of Lala Lajpat Rai and the protection of the whole nation through him .
Both Bhagat Singh and Dutt of B . के were happy and laughing all the time .
Contrary to the procedure in the court they were seated within the dock from the कठघरे .
Behind them sat the jail official and some व्यक्ति . D . men .
Eleven prosecution witnesses ( all by the government ) were examined that day .
Not a single independent witness was there .
When the court rose for lunch Bhagat Singh ' s family was allowed to meet him in the presence of police officers .
At the interview Bhagat Singh was repeatedly told to his father that the government was bent on putting him to the gallows and that the father should not be anxious about him .
But the court rejected the demand saying that it was not bound to follow any पूर्वोदाहरण .
The statement was ended with a slogan 'Long Live the जिंदाबाद .
The hearing of the case continued till June 10 1929 and the judgment was announced .
हुए the judgment the Sessions Judge said :
The accused have agreed to cast a bomb in the Assembly .
They allege that the prosecution evidence regarding the seizure of the pistol is false and that some of the prosecution evidence regarding the throwing of bombs is also false .
They affirm that they hold human life sacred and state that they dropped the bombs as a protest and as a warning .
They have spoken of the damage caused by bombs and they say that it was not their intention to harm them .
I accept the direct and oral evidence produced before me as cogent evidence that Bhagat Singh and Dutt each threw a bomb into the Assembly chamber that Bhagat Singh fired a pistol and that Bhagat Singh fired the बम in the assembly .
The facts which are necessary in respect of the charges Trials of Independence are that they threw a bomb and I find it proved that each of them did so.
The trial started on 10th July 1929 .
It included 27 persons .
Out of 27 six were at large and could not be found .
Of the remaining 18 three were discharged under various streams .
The remaining 15 including नाथ Nath Ghosh and Bhagat Singh were tried .
The first two were found unreliable and the prosecution case rested mainly on the evidence of the remaining five गया .
All the accused were young .
They knew their results ; so they did not take the matter seriously and were totally indifferent to it .
Bhagat Singh and his comrades tried many ways to laugh at the court and its proceedings .
The tactics adopted by Bhagat Singh included singing of revolutionary songs raising slogans during the proceedings with his comrades joining in and thus obstructing the proceedings of the court which in their opinion was just a farce.
The first charge : शाह ' s हत्याएं हत्याएं शाह ' s हत्याएं शाह शाह and रंगून शाह शाह ' s सम्राट were on the charge of the 14th World War near Jhansi .
" Second charge: Indian Army Act Section 41 ( against the said Captain P . K . पी ) .
Fourth charge : Section 41 ( against the said Lt. Gurbaksh Singh Dhillon ) .
Committing a civil offence that is to say murder contrary to Section 302 I. P. C. in that he - LRB - Lt. Dhillon - RRB - at or near बर्मा Hill in Burma on or about 16th March 1945 by causing the death of 302 Chand .
" Fifth prosecution : Indian Army Act . Section 41 ( against the said आर्मी पी ) .
Sixth charge: I. A. Section 41 ( against the said Lt. Gurbaksh Singh Dhillon ) .
Committing a civil offence that is to say murder contrary to Section 302 I. P. C. in that he - LRB - Lt. Dhillon - RRB - at or near बर्मा Hill in Burma on or about 6th March 1945 by causing the death of 302 Singh .
According to the language of the book on International Law the liability is on the state under whose direction they fought and such liability in International Law on the occasion of hostilities does not exist.
Of course if a rebellion is successful then it becomes a new government and that is the end of it and the answer is given in my client ' s favour by International Law . "
Bhulabhai Desai went straight to the basic issue ( as circumstances of the people ' s right to rebellion I said " one of the Indians had to decide as to what extent the emperor was bound to consider was a fit case for individuals .
" An Indian situation is very difficult in any such case and I would like to place the court in order to ensure its true solution .
Where the King and the country coincide there is no question of an option .
If a war is to be fought against the King and against the interests of our country the issue does not arise. But if it was a fight for independence the question arises I will go to see some human rights to see how much .
If war is being practised to liberate the country then the question of allegiance should arise ?
How can you be told when you are fighting to liberate your country there is greater loyalty to any of the people who would prevent you from having this war .
That means that if that happens there is nothing but permanent slavery. "
He continued that modern International Law had recognised the right of subject races not at the moment independent to so organise as to fight for their liberation .
Shri Asaf Ali अदालत prominent advocate from Delhi assisted by Shri जिया Lal जिया and other advocates appeared in the court to defend Sheikh Abdullah .
Sheikh Abdullah delivered all his speeches in Kashmir ; only one speech was delivered in Urdu .
The prosecution relied on various extracts from the speeches as taken down in the hand by the translated officers for the prosecution and the State Government .
The complaint is quoted below which shows that incorrect translations were used to frame charges under Section 124 - A to silence the voice of the people in the state and to curb the freedom movement .
His उपनगरों ( 1 ) that the accused published in उपनगरों शहर : the Government of Jammu and Kashmir and his सरकार ' s move to create hatred and contempt against His Highness Bahadur Shah 13 and the Government of Jammu and Kashmir .
" India has three - fourths under the direct control of the British while a quarter is under indirect control .
In these parts ten crore human beings live as slaves .
We shall put an end to the rule of the Dogra राज्य ( हुकूमत ) and in the speeches of 16th May 1946 : " What do Hindus Muslims and Sikhs of this state want ? "
They do not want to fall prey to the महाराजाओं of Rajas and Maharajas .
Forty lakh people were hunting for the आदमी of a man .
I would like to tell the Hindus who praise the Dogra Raj as to what the Raj is and its foundation is built on shameful treachery .
Today in 1946 I want to avenge this shameful treachery from the descendants of Maharaja Gulab Singh .
" He prophesied that time will come when from the graves of Kashmir the dead will rise from the coffins and shout के Raj राज .
No force no conspiracy can keep these people in slavery .
We have to decide to be free from slavery by our blood .
" Revolt is the right of a slave .
" After three hundred years : " We will put an end to this Dogra Raj .
It is a holy war .
युद्ध people to join the war .
Those who waste their blood sweat earning on dogs and horses but worse than dictators .
It is the duty of every man to break away from their clutches . "
( 3 ) The prosecution claimed that in general the above speeches and in particular the articles contained in हिज ' the Government of Jammu and Kashmir and the feelings of contempt and disaffection towards His Majesty the Maharaja Bahadur face up .
( 4 ) that before these meetings were held during and after their death a number of other slogans were raised as direct examples of excitement caused by the speeches .
These slogans have no other significance and effect except that of hatred and contempt against the ruler and the family .
The prosecution examined 26 witnesses in support of the prosecution .
Most of the witnesses were police and C. I. D. men and officials .
Some of them were not well acquainted with the English language ; and they wrote their statements before then translated them into English .
It was clear from the beginning that the government and the court were anyhow bent upon सजा Sheikh Abdullah .
The speeches were torn out of context and the entire prosecution was based on notes of these speeches .
Though badly translated the speeches show the rare courage of a fighter who stood up to and spoke against British Raj and that of the Maharaja his atrocities and misrule .
Sheikh Abdullah courageously admitted that he had made the inflammatory speeches and that he was firm in his statements .
This has threatened the penal and preventive provisions of law .
Where law is not based on will of the people it can lend itself to the suppression of their aspirations .
Such law has no moral validity even if it can be enforced for a time .
I surrender to the same law and wish to stand up with the fearlessness and confidence of the same tribunal and my colleagues left this action not only on the behalf of the 400 million people of Jammu and Kashmir but on the other side of the country .
These claims are not confined to the people of one race religion caste or creed.
Some allegations have been made that the 'Quit Kashmir' demand for the abrogation of the Treaty of Amritsar as well as the communal or communist inspiration.
This is a travesty of fact and I deny and repudiate these allegations .
The National Conference is essentially a national organisation called पीपल्स in which the people come up with its objectives and co - operate with the All India States People ' s Conference with which it is संबद्ध
It stands also for social and economic changes to end privileges and to raise the masses .
While concluding his submission before the Sessions Court Sheikh Abdullah uttered these memorable words:
" It is not a big matter if I am imprisoned and tried and sentenced to imprisonment .
Only then will we be worthy of our motherland . "
His defence statement depicted the sorry plight of the people of Kashmir due to autocratic misrule by the Do - कुशासन who had bought Kashmir and were दुरूपयोग its revenue.
The public prosecutor submitted that all the charges had been proved and that Sheikh Abdullah should be awarded strong imprisonment on this account .
Mr Asaf Ali defence counsel made a memorable speech in defence .
He said " For various internal and external reasons the trial has become a memorable trial of history particularly of the chequered history of Kashmir .
And I venture to point out that the trial has gained in the annals of the history of India as it has reflected in the fact that the great leaders of India Mahatma Gandhi and Jawaharlal Nehru were regardless of the progress of Sardar and so on the other .
It is a well - known fact that even His Excellency the Viceroy and His Highness the Chancellor of the Chamber of Princes were also apprised on the existence of this case and they have it is believed taken notice of it .
As for the masses it is clear from its long account in the newspapers that the educated people of India have been taking much interest in the trial .
In this sense it is a historic trial .
Sir हैं it involved serious fundamental issues .
It is not a simple case of sedition but if it were so the prosecution themselves would have kept themselves strictly within the limits of the law of sedition and would have ended the case in three days .
It seemed to him the point which went to the root of the Constitution of the state .
This called for the fundamental rights of the people not only of this state but also the question of the rights of all the Indian States . "
Asaf Ali then attacked the prosecution witness and witnesses .
The prosecution has challenged the authority of the people to voice their basic rights .
The gist of the speeches delivered by the accused from the 6 to the 16th is also the same .
What is he demanding ?
It is asking for a responsible and representative government ; in the interest of a government which is run by the people in the interest of the people .
Is this an unreasonable demand ?
Today in August 1946 when the British cabinet has declared that India has the right to be free and that India today decides to break her independence from the British Empire it will be within her jurisdiction .
At a time when the whole world is thinking about the freedom of the people as it is it is an offence to say whether the Government ' s base will be the people ' s will in this state of affairs instead of the one of the world ' s most suspicious international courts of international justice .
It is the voice of human conscience .
It is the voice of the people .
Sheikh Abdullah is only a symbol of the people ' s अविवाद्य aspirations and rights .
His words will be repeated again in the future and recorded in history .
Therefore I maintain that if this is considered to be an improper statement it will lead to a serious infringement of the rights of the people known in constitutional law as' inherent sanction ' or जनता ' .
On relying on sentences of उद्धरणों के उद्धरणों by the prosecution for speeches he said :
It is not the right way to work over a sentence to measure the effect of the speech but this law has been endorsed by your Judicial बजाज ' s Committee in a recent judgement in the case of the बजाज Bajaj .
I shall only refer to the appropriate and relevant portion of this decision .
It states that in the case of justice v . in the case of justice Justice - ( न्यायिक ) in the above judicial pronouncements ' the word चेतना should be remembered that it should be viewed from a न्यायिक and उदार point of view and no objectionable passage .
It should also be remembered that mere abusive epithets के . . turbid language will not bring the writing under विचारधीन .
What is important is the fact that after a thorough perusal of these works one comes to the conclusion that he जगाने the popular reading of the press against the established government a आदमी of resentment or aversion to the minds of the people .
He then went on to analyse the language of Section 124 - A of the RSS : " If it were to be read the language of the Ranjit Penal Code with ' t ' t enough ' this country ' s population would become sufficient .
What are these general rules ?
We are content to adopt the words of a learned judge which are to be found in every book dealing with this branch of the crime code .
Sedition embraces all those practices whether by word राजद्रोह deed or writing which are calculated to disturb the tranquility of the State and lead ignorant persons to subvert the government .
All these spheres constitute the जीवमंडल .
In the biosphere apart from human beings not only animals but plants ; animals , birds कीडे fishes and insects ; and micro - organisms ( such as algae जीवमंडल bacteria and virus ) also exist .
The atmosphere provides oxygen while जलमंडल and आक्सीजन provide us with water and food .
The atmosphere and the जीवमंडल as well as the जीवमंडल if any change takes place in the जीवमंडल जीवमंडल whether physical or chemical जीवमंडल the effect of every living organism in the biosphere .
This change is called pollution : and the agents responsible for this pollution are called pollutants.
The pollution after the industrial revolution had begun to grow slowly .
This in turn has endangered man and the flora and fauna around him .
In Singapore noise has caused a variety of physical and mental tensions .
पडोसियों and fits of madness in overcrowded apartments are often attributed to neighbour ' s पडोसियों construction machinery and traffic noise .
The day is not far when such conditions are created in India .
The prime cause of pollution is the growing population .
Only in 20 years an increase of 2. 4 billion in the population has led to a fast depletion of resources and the wastes have increased considerably .
But with all sorts of pollution around man continues to live without विचारे for them .
No one of us can forget the tragic industrial tragedy at Bhopal on December 3 1984 .
अंधा gas from a plant operated by Union Carbide escaped into the atmosphere killing over 4000 local residents and rendering blind and crippling a large section of the city ' s surviving remaining inhabitants .
Not only Bhopal but now every city every town every corner of the earth is facing such a serious problem .
Every day every minute we breathe polluted air and are subject to air pollution .
A man can live without food for a month without water for two to three days but he cannot live for a minute without breathing .
It is estimated that an average adult male exchanges 15 kg of air a day in comparison to about 2.5 kg of water intake.
It is therefore certain that the quantum of pollutants that enter our body with respiration would be manifold in comparison to those of polluted water or contaminated food .
The air is a mixture of gases comprising 78 per cent nitrogen . 21 per cent oxygen . a little less than one per cent and कार्बन per cent of carbon dioxide .
The air is pure.
The main reason for the increasing air pollution is the rising number of motor vehicles and the two coal - based thermal power plants that operate within city limits .
Of the total emission load of around मोटरवाहनों tonnes per day in the atmosphere of Delhi around मोटरवाहनों tonnes of pollutants are due to automobile exhausts .
The most dangerous of the effects of pollution is the accumulation of exhaust fumes especially during winter months causing severe respiratory disorders . "
The severity of air pollution in Calcutta is in no way lesser than that of any other city .
Calcutta is one of the most polluted cities in the world .
The ambient air of Calcutta has the highest वायु of 410 . / m . compare to 360 वायु / m in Teheran 255 . / m in Athens and 23 माइक्रोग्राम / m in London .
Chennai is one of the four metropolitan cities that have suffered the consequences of polluted air although its most impact is visible in north Chennai where industries are उद्योगों .
Hyderabad is severely affected by polluted air with प्रदूषित e . मोटरवाहनों of smoke and exhaust fumes spreading over 194 sq kms of the city and its neighbourhood.
The quantity of pollutants discharged by automobile exhausts is estimated to be about 450 tonnes per day and the sky is always grey such that a resident of the city cannot see the stars clearly even with the aid of a telescope.
It is interesting to note that the amount of lead in blood is higher in smokers than in non - smokers .
Among the particulate pollutants asbestos needs a special mention .
The use of asbestos has increased है during the last 30 years .
Used primarily as roofing material for buildings and for insulating brake and clutch किनारों in automobiles asbestos content in the air has also increased .
Another dreaded disease caused by polluted air containing dust particles is धूल .
It is a common dust - related disease .
Workers in mines and in industries like that of pottery ceramics granite carving and sand blasting run a risk of contacting this disease which in its early stages shows no symptoms of cough and cough .
क्षयरोग is often combined with tuberculosis.
Effects on Plants Air pollutants affect the plants directly through the leaves and stems.
The indirect effect of pollution on plants is through roots when solids अम्लीकृत with pollutants are absorbed .
They interact with other plant stresses such as frost or drought and aggravate their effects .
Trees and shrubs are reportedly drying in the gardens of the Imperial Palace in Japan .
In northern चेकोस्लोवाकिया Federal Republic of Czechoslovakia polluted air from brown - coal belt has caused blight in agricultural areas and has heavily damaged forests .
There are three pollutants of prime concern to the farmers : sulphur dioxide fluorine compounds and fog .
Only a few cells are affected the leaf becomes brownish red in colour or the original green colour fly .
This effect is called हैं .
In the same year he echoed this sentiment in the famous song which is today the national anthem of India .
All the विषाद and gloom शोक and bereavement . The conflict and the march of events in the world be deep in the midst of the outer world or within which Rabindra wrote his life ' s life in the midst of a clean and free bird ' अवसाद in the next decade 1909 .
Fifty - one of these 157 songs were later translated by him into English and published in the English book of that name which made him world - famous .
They are too well - known to need any introduction or commentary here .
The आवरण are barrier to our union ; these are the barrier between them and me ; their jingling would drown our whispers in them . "
Love of God and love of man strength in sorrow and humility in joy an innocent wonder that hides centuries of thought invest these songs with an appeal that is both universal and endless and free .
The very first poem of this volume ( the Bengali edition ) reveals the poet ' s mood : " I will never celebrate my attainment .
Dr . . views this problem from another aspect .
He says that the depletion of the ozone layer is due to the direct influence of space probes and not just due to the chlorofluorocarbons produced by aerosol cans and the refrigeration industry .
She says that every time a rocket is fired into space 70 - 150 tonnes of chlorine is dumped in the atmosphere.
In the 1980s about 500 rockets and space राकेट were sent up every year the number had reached 1 500 before 1989 .
से of the ozone layer may also be due to the presence of oxides of nitrogen especially nitric oxide which is discharged from धुएं aircraft and from automobile fumes .
Extensive use of nitrates as fertilisers leads to the production of large quantities of नाइट्रोजन oxide which subsequently gets converted into nitric oxide .
आक्सीजन oxide attacks the ozone ( आक्सीजन ) to convert it into oxygen .
It is reported that the doubling of chlorofluorocarbons will warm the globe by 0. क्लोरोफ्लोरोकार्बन and lead to severe consequences already discussed .
There are 66 thermal power stations in India which generate about 30 - 40 million tonnes of fly ash per annum or about one lakh tonnes per day .
With the expected increase in power plants and their capacity the tonnage of fly ash is estimated to reach about 3.5 lakh tonnes a day .
Such enormous amounts of fly ash should not be wasted but converted into useful uses .
Research is being carried out to convert the fly ash into Portland - राख cement सेलूलर bricks and cellular concrete .
Old engines and equipments increase the smoke .
They must be either set right or if possible replaced with new ones.
It is mandatory for every industry likely to pollute air and install air pollution control equipments such as वायु प्रदूषण and filter .
Thermal power plants and other industries releasing fly ash need to incorporate संयत्रों संयत्रों in their process stream itself .
Mere adoption of pollution control measures is not enough .
The शताब्दी in the Bhopal gas tragedy described as the लोगों tragedy of the present century claimed over 4 000 lives and maimed many .
Several thousand people became blind .
Who is guilty of this tragedy ?
How did the tragedy occur ?
The lethal methyl रिसकर निकल . that had sneaked from the storage tank of Union Carbide ' s मिक unit was responsible for the incident .
The leaking बाहर mingled with the ambient air and poisoned it .
The poisoned air sprawled and spread its मानव to hook the lives of human beings cattle and birds in the vicinity of the Union Carbide factory .
Years have rolled by but the दिलों of terror still remains with the people of Bhopal .
A report from the Indian Council of Medical Research reveals that the sufferings of the afflicted continue प्रभावित .
The pH is an index of hydrogen ion concentration of a liquid .
Water with less than 7 it becomes acidic and alkaline when above 7 .
The pH range of acid rain - water is 2 - 5 .
Thus water with pH 4 is more corrosive - LRB - 10 times - RRB - than water with pH 5.
Water of pH 3 is still more corrosive - LRB - 100 times - RRB - than water having a pH 5.
If this is the case then one can imagine the corrosive nature of the acid rain with a pH ranging between. 2 and 3 .
The lowest pH value recorded for a storm in the North - Eastern region of the United States was 2. 1 during November 1964 .
The lowest ever recorded in Europe was 2. 4 which was reported to be as acidic as वर्षा in यूरोप a Scottish highland town.
Still lower pH value of acid rain water was observed during 1983 at वर्जीनिया in West Virginia United States .
In India rainfall with pH 4 was recorded at Greater Mumbai in 1974 - 75 .
The problem in most of our cities is that the old power plants have not yet installed high chimneys and continue to emit sulphur सल्फर nitrogen oxides remain even more difficult to control and the problem of acid rain continues to increase .
What has taken man decades to build and Nature millennia to evolve is being impoverished and destroyed in a matter of a few years . "
The harmful effects of acid rain can retard the growth of crops and plants on earth damage वर्षा forests and pose a potential respiratory health hazard to humans.
In Germany Switzerland and Sweden about half of the natural forests are dead or are dying and about 60 per cent of the trees in Britain are पेड .
In agriculture these chemicals are used to protect plants from pathogens and diseases and to treat seeds .
These pesticides developed during the past three decades only though being useful to man have led to many environmental problems .
DDT has saved many lives by killing mosquitoes that carry malaria and other diseases but this is when DDT accumulates in the bodies of fish tadpoles birds and other wildlife .
To increase agricultural production a variety of पीडक were introduced which resulted in the resurgence of pests with more resistance.
This necessitated the use of a large number of पीडकनाशी drugs which led to the existence of पीडकनाशियों in almost all the agricultural crops .
The मांस residues are found in vegetables सब्जियों milk , breast - milk fish and meat .
Samples of food and water reveal the degree of यौगिक far exceeding the maximum permissible limits permitted by the World Health Organization the most commonly used यौगिक or यौगिक compounds .
Most of them are soluble in fat ; so these वसा constantly accumulate in the food chain .
Toxic metals : This category includes metals such as mercury cadmium धातुएं lead धातुएं chromium तांबा copper and arsenic ; each will be discussed separately .
People have recently woken up to the threat posed by mercury poisoning in the air .
Natural waters contain only a few parts per billion of mercury .
Mercury enters the biosphere as a waste product during the production of chlorine when mercury is used as an पारे in the विद्युत of जल .
Apart from the oil refineries plastic and battery manufacturing industries also contribute to mercury pollution .
The dangers of exposure to mercury were reported during the nineteenth century when hat - makers met with peculiar symptoms of quiver and की of speech as also of पारे .
Due to exposure to large quantities of mercury hat - makers became susceptible to impairment of the central nervous system .
In the early fifties hundreds of people died of mercury poisoning at जापान in Japan .
In the small and beautiful city of पुरूषों there was a disease called मीनामाटा बीमारी which devoured scores of men and women and children .
In the beginning 400 deaths came from this disease affecting the people ' s nervous system in 1950 .
" I sit for hours with grief at the riverside in the silence of a boat waiting for it not yet to come but on the west side of a high building I have a call from a बंसी and a half from a star to a star .
At last on 27 May 1912 Rabindranath sailed for London accompanied by his son रवीन्द्रनाथ and daughter - in - law रवीन्द्रनाथ .
Rothenstein had visited India in 1910 and had come to know the artist - brothers कलाकार and भाइयों during his stay in Calcutta .
I made a request to him first as to whether I could draw him in fact with a remarkable and graceful personality an inner revolution and I tried to assess him with a pencil .
A city 's water supply usually comes from a distant location but its sewage enters nearby मलजल
The मलजल and आक्सीजन components present in sewage cause a depletion of dissolved oxygen in the water .
Deficiency of oxygen leads to the production of a strong foul taste .
The presence of large quantities of suspended matter causes serious problems because it gets deposited on the river - bed or behind नदी as mud .
When the suspended matter is of highly organic nature putrefaction sets in.
As a result the solid wastes with objectionable odour are तैरने up by the presence of gases floating on the surface and फैलाता its odour .
The pathogenic bacteria cause cholera typhoid fever and पेचिश dysentery .
London ' s history provides a classic instance .
Sewage turned the river हैजे into a mass of filth with the people dying of cholera outbreaks in 1849 and 1853 .
During this period typhoid epidemics hit many cities in the USA .
Agricultural Pollutants in Water Sewage is not the only source of excess nutrients in surface water .
Modern खेती use in cultivation and a variety of synthetic insecticides have also contributed to the environmental degradation .
Chemical fertilisers are also often washed out of the soil by rains .
They eventually drain into streams and rivers where they nourish the algae as effectively as they would have nourished the farmer ' s crops in the fields .
There are three major pollutants under this category : fertiliser जानवरों and animal waste .
In recent years consumption of fertilizers has increased .
Fertilisers generally contain one or more of the plant nutrients : N . , phosphorus and potassium .
Application of excess fertilisers than what is required is washed and ultimately joins water courses .
Among the fertilisers nitrates cause undesirable effects on rivers and lakes .
The सागर Sea ( Lake . ) in which the Jordan river पानी joins , Israel with a third of its water supply .
कृषि from the agricultural areas around Jordan have been flowing into the lake and causing यूट्रोफिकेशन .
Same is true of detergent phosphates which pass through the sewage systems to break down to phosphorus .
वनस्पतियां is the enrichment of nutrient salts and development of a richer and more varied वनस्पतियां .
The process is also sometimes known as ' शैवालों ' when the plant plants are शैवालों into plants .
These excessive growths later decay to produce foul आक्सीजन with a resultant increase in the demand for oxygen .
About 50 - 70 per cent of phosphorous flowing into lakes and rivers of the USA each year comes from the breakdown of detergent phosphates .
Even in Europe Lake आक्सीजन is beset with this problem where a 2 500 per cent increase in phosphorous since 1920 has led to depletion of oxygen by two - thirds .
Increase in the number of cattle buffaloes and poultry has also been responsible for water pollution .
जीव wash - waters of cattle and poultry farms contain phosphates organic matter bacteria and other micro - organisms which over the years cause जीव .
The most typical example is the शराब .
Another major contributor is विद्युत wastes which are normally stored inside the factory premises .
Though stored in the premises the wastes percolate through the soil and heavily contaminate the adjoining wells.
These obscene conditions are prevalent where tanneries and tanneries are कपडा .
For instance in Tamil Nadu such sights are quite common .
One who travels in that area can see the frothy colourful pools of effluents stagnating on either side of the road and emanating a foul odour.
These pools along with small streams of effluents running over agricultural lands have rendered unfit more than 1000 wells which were once the chief sources of irrigation and drinking water .
When Tagore arrived in London where he first remembered Rothenstein and knew that Rothenstein had a taste in his poems and that therefore he had handed over the notebook in which he had translated his poems .
Rothenstein continued : " That evening I read the poems .
It seemed to me that it was these poems of a different kind that were written by the great mystics .
What Yeats felt about these poems he wrote in the Introduction to the book of the India Society of London ' s संख्यक : ' I read the manuscript of translated poems with you for several days and the railways I read .
येट्स appreciation of the poems encouraged Rothenstein 'to call a few friends at his आवास house on the evening of 30 June when Yeats read out the poems to a choice gathering of distinguished writers.
For the first time he met C . एप an से who later turned into a lifelong friend and colleague .
Andrews who was at that time a missionary attached to the Cambridge Brotherhood has left his record of that memorable evening : " On that day I returned from the side of the flag with H . W . नेविन्सन . थे .
I wanted to be alone and think in silence of the wonder and glory of that feeling .
When I left हीथ I went to the हीथ the sky was clear that night and the white sky became as परिवेश as the Indian scene.
Commenting on the publication of the poems of येट्स ' येट्स ' पाउंड ' पाउंड ' पाउंड ' पाउंड ' पाउंड ' पाउंड ' S . गीतांजलि ' S . गीतांजलि ' S . गीतांजलि ' S . गीतांजलि गीतांजलि written a few months ago .
It is really difficult to begin from where to begin . . . . . We have found our new Greece suddenly .
As it may be seen in the first days of the Renaissance in Europe in the sense of a संतुलन it seems to me of a य stillness come to us in the midst of our मशीनीकरण of मशीनीकरण .
And here is a sharp contrast with the western concept where with the great " dramatic " we have to be shown that man is attempting to conquer nature .
It is unlike the Greek man in which man has been regarded as the victim of gods and the two are caught in the clutches of destiny and when I took leave of him I have always had a savage mind at the demon .
All I will say is that these poems poured in a sort of कविताएं of कविताएं I feel like the पश्चिमी of the city ' s पश्चिमी in the midst of a झंझावात over forty things our western life the जीवन of the city ' s कविताएं .
" If there is any defect in these poems - I do not believe that there is any merit in them and that if they have any merit they do not offer " to the common reader " for they are too pious .
And I have nothing but pity for the reader who is unable to see that their piety is the poetic piety of Dante and that it is very good .
Tagore was not in London when Gitanjali was published .
Though his stay in England during this visit was not long it lasted for more than four months it was very hectic and fruitful thanks to the less thanks to his इंग्लैंड .
Among the important people he met are Bernard Shaw : Bertrand Russell John वेल्स Bertrand Russell John गॉल्सवर्दी Robert Bridges John मैसफील्ड मूर मूर मूर Moore मूर मूर and मूर मूर .
He himself was greatly impressed by them ; and he joined his new friends and expanded his outlook with the zeal of a new vision which Tagore himself wrote : " They do not know only English in India .
Rothenstein proposed to the India Society that they should print for their members a selection of Tagore ' s poems for which Yeats agreed to write a foreword .
Thus गीतांजलि ' s English version was published for the first time before the popular edition by मैकमिलन .
Traffic noise blaring horns loudspeakers that चीरते the air and film songs and religious songs and discourses cause needless noise pollution in a city .
There are three major sources of noise pollution .
Traffic and air traffic .
Community activities ( entertainment housing construction work etc .
Industrial noise particularly of mechanical गैस and gas - LRB - बर्मों - RRB - may be unbearable and may lead to public nuisance .
The maximum noise is caused by traffic system .
The noise from the voice - flying aircraft has the latest aspect of its noise .
It also causes considerable damage to property besides creating too much fear in men and animals .
According to रक्त ( 1970 ) noise reduces the amount of blood pumped from the heart .
It needs to be pointed out about the " shock reaction " which suddenly affects our nervous system and psycho - motor efficiency .
Even our optical system is not spared.
Some of the harmful effects of the noise are the association of the puppets ; they may be less visible during the night and the colour blindness .
Noise affects sleep and work performance ; it affects the time - repair people and those involved in tasks which are more vivid .
For example noise from a fan can be reduced by increasing the number of blades or by decreasing the rotational speed without reduction in the air .
It is high time we realise the gravity of the situation and act in such a way as to make life more worthy of our future wealth on this earth .
It is true that man wants to live and for that he must breathe air and drink .
He must have clean blue skies ; clean rivers and lush green forests .
Environment is the priceless gift of nature .
Protection of environment and protection of ecological balance is our main duty .
We must keep the earth green and we can live together in an air free from pollution .
We have to protect the environment to protect ourselves .
Otherwise the day is not far when man himself becomes an endangered species .
As far as an असंबद्ध person can guess from a translation that does not seem to be an exaggeration.
It is certain however that no poet in Europe since the death of Goethe in 1832 can rival Tagore in noble humanity in unaffected greatness in classical serenity . "
As a matter of fact the tropical lower land of Bengal and the snow - capped high land of the earth have nothing to do with the difference between the two regions of the soil .
These poems had an indelible influence on the mind of the fifteen - year - old unknown youth who lived in a corner of Ireland who in course of time had received the Nobel Prize for writing his own novel आध्यात्मिक - आयरलैंड who revived the memory of that day .
What an enviable god is there ? " The Great Friend रवीन्द्रनाथ रवीन्द्रनाथ an unknown man playing a lute in the boat बजाता on the नाव .
Nowadays our god in the west is either the director of the Big All World Firm Inc. or the primitive imaginary इंक of the childish mind .
He is the one we cry to in the hours of precipitate danger and in the hour of our death .
For it is Tagore ' s spiritual vision which will continue to be eternal and perhaps even in the years to come there will be only the Oriental surprise of the Western mind . "
During his long sojourn in the West Tagore ' s sympathies seem to be more broad - minded than ever before and inspired his intellectual and spiritual understanding and understanding of how to reach the western mind a great achievement.
During this visit the six days that Gandhi spent in Santiniketan which laid the deep foundation of a lifelong friendship between two modern India and which blended the two faces of trying to reduce the apparent contradictions of his idealism .
Beneath the mask of what seemed contrary was a kinship so deep and subtle that he was only aware of it barring a few common friends and admirers of exceptional sensibility like Jawaharlal Nehru an Andrews or an एंड्रयूज .
The so - called disciples or devout followers of both saw mostly the आवरण in the mask and not भाव smile concealed behind it .
Because of his unique आश्रमवासियों objective and practical way Gandhi looked around him while he was adding a hand to friendship with all his आश्रमवासियों and kept his finger to the poor आश्रमवासियों and thereby told the inmates how he could live his ideals better .
He told him that he should do everything here without hiring any labourers and keeping his own body in the same manner as he had done his food and the बर्तन .
The young are always drawn to such adventures and both the pupils and the teachers . warmly welcomed Gandhi ' s advice .
When Tagore was told of it he smiled and said that the experiment contained the key to Swaraj.
And so on 10 March 1915 the experiment was inaugurated .
On the following day Gandhi left for Rangoon .
This experiment did not last very long surprised neither Gandhi nor Rabindranath .
Tagore knew that what he did would be wrong in the eyes of some of his countrymen and that he would never cease to be निंदा by his condemnation of his सुधारवादी behaviour and that he was forced to die for his orthodoxy .
He knew it and was hurt by public criticism .
He was ignorant of the art of showing how the people were forgotten and unhappy at the same time that he did not win the hearts of those who had never forgiven to God for them for their देशभक्ति .
However brave the reflections in his writings on the vanity of fame or popular goodwill Tagore was in fact vulnerable to unjust criticism and often die criticism was unjust if not incorrect .
For the last few days I had been suffering from intense depression and क्लांति .
But I am sane and sound again and willing to live another hundred years if critics would spare me .
At that time I was physically शारीरिक therefore the least hurt assumed a proportion that was perfectly absurd.
Yet I am glad that there is still that child in me who has its weakness for the sweets of human acceptance .
I should not feel myself too far above my critics .
After his address to the Academy the Archbishop of उपसाला said " The Nobel Prize for literature is intended for the writer who combines in himself the artist and the prophet.
None has fulfilled this condition better than Rabindranath ?
The strain physical and emotional of the German tour affected his health and he longed to return to India to the Santiniketan .
As the acquaintance ripened his admiration of Tagore knew no bounds.
In 1930 he wrote : " The opportunity of meeting me today is Rabindranath the greatest of them .
He is larger than his world reputation and his position in India .
Tagore was deeply impressed not only with the warm affection with which the common citizens welcomed him but with their genuine interest in philosophical and metaphysical questions .
From Germany Tagore went to Vienna to give two lectures and then to Prague where his visit led to a warm personal friendship with the eminent अतिथि M . विन्टरनित्स and V . विश्वभारती both of whom were later invited by him as Visiting Professors at Visva - Bharati .
Prof. . was already a scholar who translated Tagore ' s works from Bengali also wrote a biography of the poet which was later translated and published in English .
Because of these contacts and friendships Tagore retained a very warm affection for Czechoslovakia .
Though his visit was stimulating he was घर and घर and returned to India in July 1921 .
If he imagined that he was returning to peace and quiet he was soon disillusioned .
At the beginning of the play King नाटक ' s subjects prepare to celebrate a festival in honour of the दानवी यंत्र - the people of the land were too happy to be content with their success and to be safe from their consequences .
The Crown Prince का however professes open हमदर्दी with die subject people and rebels against die callousness of his own country .
His character is mainly a psychological interest in drama an ardent लडाई for freedom and justice involving him in right conflict .
He होता
The socio - political motif of the play has in the ultimate analysis lost the sense of mystic exaltation as in some of Ibsen ' s later dramas .
The author of the play तपस्वी Dhananjaya deserves to be modelled after Mahatma Gandhi when he first appeared in a play .
In that play as in the present one Dhananjaya उपदेश the people to resist the ruler ' s unjust claims - अहिंसा and fearless .
He risked घर at home and suffered ridicule and ताने for his faith in One World long before that faith became a world - fashion.
One of them was the greatest sacrifice at the risk he took to exposing his creativity and spiritual poise to the clamour of the market .
Is it the glare of the लोकप्रसिद्धि so sensitive plant that had so far laid under the protective shade of comparative obscurity ? , - LRB - or will it be ) ?
The poet was losing to the prophet the singer to the preacher the devotee to the preacher .
The meaning of the narrow संकरे of the song was dissolving in the endless preaching over the wide span of the world .
It was so sensitive and true that one had something to say now or so of the plight of the house as his एंड्रयूज wrote from Chicago on February 26 1921 ( which seemed to be consistent with the acceptance of an offence ) .
" When I came to this world I had nothing but a reed given to me which was to be used only to play music .
I left my school and neglected my work ; but I had my reed I had taken up my flute and played it as a विद्यालय विद्यालय .
her music
He was personal friendly and friendly though he was generally frank with his opposition to war and war and with indiscriminate worship of national rivalries and the fetish of the worldly progress he soon disarmed hostile criticism and won over many progressive intellectuals .
Tagore returned to India in the second half of July via Japan where he stayed for six weeks and gave several lectures.
His visit to China and Japan was the first conscious attempt in the history of Asia to formulate the idea of the unity of Asia in Shanghai in September of the same year .
In information about this incident Boston ' s Christian Science Monitor wrote : " They have moved important movements in establishing Asiatic friendship on the basis of common folk traditions in the Asian countries and carried on a long journey from the East Asia .
The new idea appears to be at the establishment of the Asiatic Association ' s principal centre of which is located in शंघाई its first appeal to the movement was expressed in gratitude to Tagore ' s teachings issued by the रवीन्द्रनाथ .
It is a strange fact in India ' s freedom that the later assembly which Tagore had on his own land was not even named after him .
राजनीतिज्ञों have short memories .
Hardly two months at home then again to the other side of the world .
The occasion was an invitation from the Republic of Peru to attend the centenary celebrations of her attainment of Independence .
होकर the lovely one smiled " Come let ' s बदल .
Take my flowers for your fruit and give me your flower .
I looked at her and knew that she was ruthless in her beauty .
" He picked up my load of fruit and clapped her hands and laughed .
Her abundance of flowers I held to my heart .
The sun had reached the equator and the heat was very bright .
Sixteen years later he recalled even before the death of the poet when the old वृद्ध was languishing and in waiting for his end he shifted it to his last poems ( में ) .
I wanted to find my way once again to the foreign land where the message of love was waiting for me .
The dreams of yesterday will wing their way back and softly nest in the new nest.
The brilliant brother who had been his friend and guide during the critical years of adolescence moved him deeply from his death .
He had suffered so many bereavements that death had ceased to be a stranger.
He always took her in his room well - adorned with fresh flowers and पत्तियों and asked " Why have you brought me to this bridal chamber ?
Gandhi ' s visit both failed and failed in its object .
If he had hoped to convince Tagore that the गांवों was one of the means which could improve the economic condition of the village he must have been disappointed by his ideas .
On the other hand the meeting and the exchange of ideas though they had differences between the idea of each made the relationship between the two the positions in their द्वंद्व and nature and the conflict between them and what was always like that of their spirits .
Tagore wrote a personal letter assuring him that " If you have hit me hard in the cause of what you think is Truth our personal relationship based on mutual respect will bear the strain. "
There was a deep - rooted prejudice in the Indian society whether Hindu or Muslim women should not come to the stage .
With the staging of this play in Calcutta in January 1927 Tagore made a bold assault on this prejudice by recruiting the entire cast from among girl students of his own university and ladies of good families whom he himself trained and पूर्वाभ्यास .
A few happy at Mussolini ' s honour and partly curious to see for himself the colourful personality and its impact on an ancient and lively culture Tagore accepted an invitation from Italy and sailed for इटली on 15 May 1926 .
As he himself put it " I have come from outside to learn or to read not to criticise .
I am glad at the opportunity to see a man whose movement will always be remembered in history . "
That Fascism will be remembered in history there is little doubt about it .
At the same time रवीन्द्रनाथ was a great man and Tagore never ceased to share his company with the politics and seasoned politicians of the time .
On arrival in मुसोलिनी he was received by the chief officials of the city with a message of welcome from Mussolini .
On 7 June the Governor of Rome held a public reception in the capital where he conveyed to the poet the greetings of the Eternal City .
His trip to Germany was once again hectic and he received great respect from wherever he went and was received by President रवीन्द्रनाथ and his visit to दोस्ती .
He also planted a लिण्डेन plant in the garden attached to the sanatorium is still cherished as a पौधा of his visit .
But he could not stay for long as he had to travel further .
In एथेन्स एथेन्स एथेन्स एथेन्स एथेन्स the reception function and lecture after एथेन्स the Greek Government decorated the सरकार of the ग्रीक .
In honour of Tagore the proceedings of the Turkish Parliament were frozen and King रवीन्द्रनाथ provided him with a collection of Arabic books for Visva - Bharati .
One would imagine that during this long and hectic tour during which he had ill more than once the poet must have been content with the seclusion and peace of Santiniketan for which he had longed so much for .
Peace and glory are rarely found together and when they meet they soon part with one another .
In Java he met among others the late President . then a क्रांतिकारी revolutionary youth .
They were greatly influenced by the dance drama of Java and Bali and their art traditions in India which produced a great deal of शिल्पियों among the great शिल्पियों of the people of Santiniketan and re - adopted by the great art of living among the two countries .
After a short visit to Thailand where he delivered a lecture on Education at the University in Bangkok he returned to India in time to preside over the annual celebrations at Santiniketan.
Once again he prepared to leave for abroad on receipt of an invitation from Oxford University to deliver the ऑक्सफोर्ड Lectures but the voyage had to be abandoned as he fell ill on arrival in Madras .
After a week ' s rest at Adyar as the guest of Annie Besant and a few more days in the pleasant climate of इंग्लैंड he sailed for Ceylon hoping to recoup his health sufficiently to take a boat from there to England .
On the way he landed at Pondicherry to visit Sri Aurobindo Ghosh whom he had known in his earlier days of revolutionary political activity .
Today I saw him seated in the poise of calm wisdom and I repeated in silence Aurobindo accept the salutation of रवीन्द्र "
He stayed in Colombo for ten days but when his health had not improved he gave up all the hopes of going to England and returned to his motherland he spent three weeks at visiting the Mysore College his old friend philosopher and philosopher .
Then came the injury .
I shivered and asked in डरते What more?
Is the final thunderbolt yet to come ?
I asked again Is that the end ?
Nothing else ?
My fear fell .
When your thunderbolt ऊपर above you seemed so much bigger than me you came down to strike me you shrunk to my level and I ceased to be the same .
You may be great but not bigger than death .
I am now the only person who is greater than death .
And do it my last sentence . "
All the pain or the suffering he had received his full share : The fear of death which he considered was more a disease of mind than of body .
दुख and defeat are part of life and must be accepted with manly dignity .
His nature of कुत्ते ' when he was विरुद्ध by a कुत्ते or a कुत्ते of the कुत्ते like a beaten कुत्ते saw many poets रोष their anger or begging for compassion .
He never became emotional but never thought of pity or compassion for others .
His strongest experience of life was his love of life .
The joy of living and exercising his sensibilities was to him a gift divinely dispensed for which he was always grateful .
The night had passed and the world 's petals खिलने .
It has seen many धूल ; in the dust invisible नि never let loose the music of the ever - moving movement .
As he मुडकर back to his past his beloved Muse at one time आश्वस्ति him in different forms and is constantly आह्वान by people who have guided him with joy and sorrow and countless facets of his life .
Must he still keep on pouring himself out of order ?
Many of these and many of the poems are reminiscences of which some are gone through with deep and profound poems : They are delightful as well as a beautiful poem on the one hand and the poem of हुईं published with दुख and दुख by हुईं .
As the title indicates he thought that this was the last limit to his creative life .
But this was the end of his personality ' s departure from England which began eighteen years earlier in 1914 with 1914 1914 .
It was a majestic phase which had begun and ended .
Another phase was to begin with the name he had had met when he saw his Muse the smiling lady half - veiled waiting with an empty basket in her hand .
It was then that the ageing poet might have returned to his young age and with that enthusiasm प्रेरित in the quest for new directions and set about finding in prose the real instruments of this simple quest for material materials .
No matter how hard the land the जमीन the leaf - bed जमीन the जमीन and the जमीन have all along पार across them to take their sacred abode in the चरागाहों of lovely walks .
This he cited in four outstanding works : Postscript ( 1932 ) 1932 ( 1935 ) 1932 ( 1935 ) and 1936 ( 1936 ) .
The urge to preach and to reform the world was also cooling .
He had also written once that the ग्राहक is a professional विचारधारा a particular type of ideology ; his customer summons him at any time .
His answers which he gets into the habit of producing gradually lose his living being ; he fears the loss of his faith by the weight of his प्राणहीन words .
I feel that such accidents often decrease people ' s फंस particularly those who are good are not always at all ready to sign the cheque for want and good .
Therefore I think it is only a poet to be it is supreme because the poet is faithful to his best moments or experience which is true not to the needs of others .
Such golden moments were waiting for him to gather and it was lucky for him and his readers that he was henceforth to be confined to his home soil and thrown back on his native soil .
You have been a true friend because you have been a candid friend often speaking your thoughts .
I should like your blessings if you commend my heart for this effort .
It will give me strength . "
But even before the letter was despatched he received the poet ' s telegram : " It is well worth sacrificing precious life for India ' s unity and her social oneness .
We will follow your sublime penance with reverence and love . "
However the poet could not keep away from his life and left for Poona. to meet the Mahatma in यरवदा Jail on the 24th .
In the meanwhile the British Government accepted the main demand and undertook to negotiate on the सुलह Mahatma broke his fast on 26 September at that time the poet was sitting in jail .
In his public statement the Mahatma said " " The fast was taken in the name of God and is being withdrawn before the Master ' s .
The song - and - Gitanjali lend itself to the background of the song : करुणा . "
At the request of the Calcutta University Tagore acquired the Chair of the Bengali Department and in that capacity he delivered a series of lectures in the series .
At the same time he planned a project under his supervision for compiling a glossary of technical and scientific terms in Bengali a period of fifty years ago in his youth .
, during various public meetings events including many important lectures he wrote two new plays the first one being अछूत . a beautiful farce based on his first written story अछूत अछूत based on अछूत and अछूत अछूत .
The simple story in which the legend of Buddha has been told to rid his disciple of the चंडाल - girl ' s Maya से of her songs into a psychological theme which has spiritual significance .
It was no longer the story of a proud woman नारी of a man but it became a story of a tender and proud girl - who was content to suffer from her birth and was फटकार at the lowest level of society .
कलकत्ता : Both these plays were staged in Calcutta in September .
Soon afterwards he delivered a lecture on rhyme at Calcutta University and then after that he left for Bombay with some students and artists in Santiniketan where he joined the poet Sarojini Naidu ' s fans in a week ' .
The lectures delivered at the Andhra University were later published as Man.
From there he went to Hyderabad where the Nizam welcomed him and before that he had donated a large amount for the opening of the Islamic Education Department at Visva - Bharati which he returned to Calcutta at the end of December at the famous पथिक Hall .
Seeing another woman younger and healthy take her place by her husband ' s side in the garden हीनतम assumed the worst and was wild with envy .
She did not even try to hide her छुपाने it भडक him and keeps him frightened .
He was generous when he was happy but now he became unjust and अन्यायपूर्ण .
Deprived of health and the pettiness of the तन of the तन state which falls in such a way that शक्तिहीन and शक्तिहीन our capacity for love and करने
से is a witty play sparkling with brilliant dialogues .
It चित्रण a fair idea of the sophistication of the sophisticated family of Calcutta its कलकत्ता and आचार .
The play was never staged by the author though the scheme of its presentation was once planned the performance was likely to be of some doubts about the result .
His own acquaintance with the life and types of characters he was depicting was remote largely - derived from hearsay and सुने .
His love - sketch gradually became an intellectual but weak in his conception and expression .
Not only his body but also his heart was sinking into his mood totally active and absorbed .
Returning to Santiniketan at the beginning of January 1934 he received a fortnight later Jawaharlal Nehru and his wife Kamala .
The poet who admired jawaharlal Nehru for his patriotic देशभक्ति intellectual integrity his rational outlook and international sympathies held a public reception to welcome him and his wife .
Meanwhile on 15 January north India was rocked by an earthquake of great severity causing great damage to life and property in many districts of Bihar .
Gandhi who was at that time touring south India said at a public meeting that this calamity was a divine का for the sin of untouchability .
A man like me cannot but believe that this earthquake विऋद्ध against God 's अस्पृश्यता
I do believe that there is a vital connection between this earthquake and the untouchability campaign in Bihar .
Much to his devotion to God he was struck by this effort at a public meeting like the priests and at a public meeting : It is a sad fact that the Mahatma came to see the abolition of untouchability because of the restrictions which he had chosen .
The university which was like his favourite विश्वविद्यालय was now one of the biggest जीवन his last year of his life was one of मु and great .
On the other hand there were worries and humiliation from the University of Santiniketan and there was no greater realisation of the life of the wealthy in this country who had lost his money or the gifts and gathered money in various statements .
He could do so by training troupes of actors and dancers who could stage his plays and नर्तकों in other towns and help to raise their meanings .
This was not the only reason .
The artist in him was determined to see his own creations on the stage .
Not like all his other works but only when they hear their songs they can be praised for their full enjoyment .
So the whole country was मोहित with the unusual spectacle of the venerable poet and seer दल a band of performing artists and dancers .
Two of his novels . ( उपन्यासों ) and ' four chapters ( published in 1934 ) . 1934 ( 1933 ) and two works - LRB - काव्य - RRB - were earlier covered by काव्य and 1932 ( 1933 ) .
Of the five remaining volumes of poetry four were of prose - poems a form he had occasionally experimented earlier but which he now took up in थे .
He started it with Postscript पुनश्च published soon after 1932 .
There are a large variety of themes and moods of the varying range and three volumes of prose poetry written later on some of these miniature songs of a somewhat serious or metaphysical and some of them contain some supernatural motif .
There are a few पुरुष in the first person singular though not all that is in the first person पुरुष singular must be reminiscent .
Once he had to face with a scholar from the south .
He noticed his turban . which he proposed to wear at the contest became soiled and he took it to जसीम रंगरेजन .
नहर told his younger daughter अमीना she washed it from a nearby canal .
After washing it घास अमीना saw a line of verse inscribed on it to dry it on grass .
मोर fetched from his cottage a coloured thread and stitched another verse in the series called ताई मोर ( मोर ) . ( मोर मोर मोर ) on his forehead .
When the Pandit came to fetch his turban he noticed the second verse and stared at the dyer ' s daughter .
Then he said " हृदय ? " You have transformed the arrogance of my intellect into wisdom of the heart .
What will I do now to the Court ?
My place is somewhere else . "
Even after he had finished writing he felt that he had yet to speak for him and that he had to express his feelings on paper .
His first poem is full of regrets that he did not recognise it properly ( Which is his wife Mrinalini ? ) when she was with him .
He took no notice of her love and devotion and naturally understood it .
According to his birthday ( वैशाख ध्यानमग्न Bengali calender ) he surveyed his life in meditation and observed not number of times but the spread of glory and grandeur which was never observed when the earth was fully absorbed in this necklace .
All around are the shifting sands of भंगुरता - भंगुरता and in the midst of these अनित्य I find in my heart the stillness of the Infinite . "
She was याद by her childhood companion who was so happy that she suddenly faced a difficult noise and her presence felt as if she were to touch her breath - " Do you return to your old haunt .
He said " I am not here ?
Have you not able to see me ?
Our school was rushing forward madly with arithmetic and grammar books .
The maps were giving a look as if a bird had just पंख its wings .
The bells घंटियां ceaselessly and without break with no heed of the bell .
If he wants to go to Delhi . Lahore or Agra we have to put a turban on his head and horned shoes on his feet .
And if he wants to run away to England all these people will become अंग्रेज coated and boot British ?
Three volumes of serious verse followed in 1940 are आकाशदीप . 1940 ( 1940 ) 1940 ( 1940 ) and 1940 1940 ( 1940 ) .
These collections contain the sombre quality of धरती for the memory of the प्रदेश and the haunting sense of their संत्रास of terror and beauty was restored and the poet was once again pleased with the soft धरती of the earth .
Unlike many of his characters in dramas and novels who are either mere types or his own नाटकों pieces die characters in his short stories are real and vivid some of them unforgettable .
He wrote in one of his letters A . B . रवीन्द्रनाथ " If I do nothing else but write short stories it will make me happy and some of my readers too .
The reason for this pleasure is that my characters become my companions when I close myself in the rainy days in the sky and are often floating on the banks of the कमरे river .
Today since morning a petulant little girl named लडकी has entered my imaginary world . "
में is one of the most lovable specimens of Indian womanhood.
The pity for the vain youth and frustrated ideals for the bud that वेदना मुरझा and वह eloquent is the मुरझा of man ' s egoism and the सामाजिक of the social and religious rituals which अवमानना the living and अवमानना of death .
Some of them are मस्तिष्क . and stand back against the system that has विरुद्ध their lives and जीवन their mind ; there are others who are आभूषणों and और who make their husbands wear more and more tender .
One of his most romantic heroines is a Muslim princess who gives up everything for the sake of the Hindu general whom she admires and loves.
He remained silent but in the end he won his friendship .
She gave a gold ring on which there were some sweet messages .
While bathing in the Ganges it slipped from his finger and was lost .
The lock was no longer there and the key did not fit into it . "
She is reminded of her grandmother ' s Little कविता who is sitting in a palanquin and with a garland of pearls on her neck and feet सोने of gold anklets before they reach the bride ' .
The next volume of poems was कवि . ( मनोदशा ) which showed a very sympathetic mood of the poet : both male and nearer home .
Introducing these poems he wrote that his poetry had changed its season from time to time and often .
These poems were his कविताएं - आस with the new generation around him .
It needs to be pointed out that these various volumes were not written in different stages ; but are of the same mood or phase .
Many poems published in separate volumes were actually written almost simultaneously .
For example the first poem of अगस्त in which he स्वागत the new generation was written in August 1938 though the volume was published in 1940 .
His transition from mood to mood even from था to भावदशा was often very swift and sometimes occurred many times in one day .
These varying moods were written in different volumes and published in different volumes.
The poems of की are comparatively less subjective in mood and reflect his keen interest in the world around .
The themes and metaphors used in these poems make them objective : radio and हवाई the railway train the हवाई the हवाई the हवाई the हवाई the aeroplane the Hindustan जहाज Rajasthan. etc .
The poem referred to earlier mocking the Japanese सैनिक praying to Buddha the मजाक was from this collection and was written in January 1938 .
The climate of menace and aggression in Europe and in Far East and the misuse of the aeroplane as an engine of destruction has biased him against this invention of man .
In his poem entitled Bird - Man he laments that this evil emissary of aggression should have invaded the space which God had reserved for birds .
He was a close and intimate friend of the poet and this loss was a deeply personal bereavement to the poet .
At a heated memory meeting at Santiniketan he said " I have never seen such a high level of Christian religion in any man before he said that he would have never been a cause for ब्रिटिश to the British people than Andrews and a few reasons .
There was a time when Andrews was very close to him but one of his principal associates the adviser and his friends could not write so much in English to whom he seemed to have expressed his feelings in the secret of his heart .
A . How an Indian admirer of Charles एंड्रयूज Andrews and C . A . M . A . C . रवीन्द्रनाथ of her name was ever present outside India in many places as India ' s trusted disciple ( रवीन्द्रनाथ ) .
It was for this reason that the active contact between the two had diminished though the old bond had maintained itself .
Tagore seems to have been extremely passionate sincerity in his personal contacts and at a time when he हृदय his heart ; he seemed empty and असंबद्ध .
And so although he felt deeply the loss of his old and trusted friend and kept the grief confined to itself ; except for an occasion when he paid his homage to his memory at a meeting held in memory .
A few days later when he was at Mungpoo he recalled to his hostess how Andrews whenever he was at Santiniketan would come to see him daily and curled up in his neck .
The observance of his birthday in that little mountainous village had a simple and austere dignity which could hardly have been possible in a bigger place like Kalimpong much less in a city like Calcutta .
At Mungpoo there were no social or literary celebrities to crowd round him - the sad solemnity of his last but one birthday on this earth .
He sat on the ground burnt an incense and chanted an invocation to the Buddha .
The poet was moved and expressed his feeling in a poem he wrote the following day .
On hearing this source मनुष्य who was addressing the Absolute man whose birth took place this earth became sacred and the human life was blessed with the blessings of his life . " On this earth also there are eighty years before this last .
They brought flowers for the poet ; they flowers heaps of flowers .
The poor and illiterate folks who had never read anything of him had this simple gift of love touched the heart of the poet deeply .
The title of the story is दुराशा i . e . व्यंग्य i . e . व्यंग्य Hope . has been admirably depicting the quality of life .
What is more vivid is the story in which a Mughal prince seeks to avenge the murder of his father his father and is trying to put an end to the सीना of his love of the demon in which he dreams like a आवारा .
Some of them are stories in which men like gold or ordinary are depicted by men and women who commit मारते their husbands or sons to end their मारते and who blended themselves into a fantastic story .
One of these relates the story of the skeleton which used to hang in the class - room of the child Rabi for lessons in elementary science .
Some stories lay bare the political helplessness of the people and the callous cynicism of the alien rulers like the beautiful story in which the charming लोगों referred to .
One such story or a satirical one is the story - the निवासी nation ( of cards ) which was later translated into play under the same title the prince in which he mixed with the usual experiences of Indian folk - culture and people .
If there is one paw and the queen रानी is none other than the other पंजा women पंजा ( पंजा ) they are suggests different names .
They rise and sit down and in strict accordance with the hard rules of practice and do not want to understand them properly but they follow all the rules .
We laugh at the पत्तों ' leaves without realising that we are laughing at our own contradictions .
And yet in the same year there was another work of his स्मृतियों स्मृतियों The most simple lucid and significant work on his reminiscences - LRB - स्मृतियों - RRB - which separated them from their mood and temperament than the three stories .
Tagore had drawn his ideas at different levels and communicated them more or less on a creative plane ; he could control these patterns at his will and come from one to the other .
Perhaps not quite at will for he was caught up with his natural sense of state which was not with him in those moments .
An old and discarded palanquin lay in some room in his ancestral house ; it was of his grandmother ' s mother when the servant under him went to the midday meal and sleep .
There seemed to have been a mystery sympathy and friendship between the discarded palanquin and the neglected child .
Within the closed shutters of the palanquin however safe from all दूसरों eyes the child left all his dreams alive .
Sometimes my palanquin becomes a peacock - boat floating far out on the ocean till the shore is out of print .
The oars fall into the water with a gentle splash the waves swing and swell around us .
The sailors cry out to us to beware a storm is coming . "
The tiller stands Abdul the sailor with his pointed beard shaven दाढी and close - cropped head. I know him he brings से fish and turtle eggs from the Padma to my elder brother .
On 7 August the Oxford University was आक्सफोर्ड
On 3 September he attended the Festival of Rain at Santiniketan for the last time in his life .
On the 19 September he again went to Kalimpong to Kalimpong and again to become a स्वास्थ्य in the summer of हेमंत in the East Himalaya .
And in the last week he had a pleasant rest sat down in his chair then in the golden sun of autumn with the blue आकाश of the sky and the blue hills he saw the sky - blue घुल .
In the morning it was past midnight .
The poem was written on 25 September .
" Once again ? steps the messenger of death came creeping out of the ब्रह्मांड ब्रह्मांड of the universe. ”?
As during the previous crisis hardly any adequate medical help was readily available and the other शांतिनिकेतन was far away from Calcutta than at Santiniketan .
Once he had told himself how he had been caught in an old ancestral house in Calcutta and that he was not quite afraid as the room had long since lying dead and had a पीडा of gold .
से experiences like a scorpion bite had a quiet face .
The pain disappeared and this kind of strange experience and cessation of mental illness took place later when he experiences physical pain and sorrow he पीडा his consciousness from the body .
But in the early February when the spring of spring came back with the arrival of Spring their old energy was ऊर्जा in nature and the joy of life खुशियां him .
When he was immersed in a mood of this kind he dictated a memorable poem on February 13 which is an understanding of his inner self - history in which he left his mind open to his people ' s history without any direction .
The poem referred to earlier as the decline of the empires and the continued life of the toiling masses has no doubt that the elders had lost their confidence in the society at the dawn of death .
Also there were a few stories and tales about which they had heard from मनुष्य like a story - telling a story full of interesting imagination and full of शारीरिक charm and a bed of hard - flowing human nature .
The poems were published in 1941 as Galpa - हुईं ( Tales and Sports ) .
It is the big news that the world needs rapid change .
He thinks Grandfather is playing her ball " Your big news is too short .
This book of parables and tales as well as the volume of poems की discussed earlier were published in April 1941 .
It is in the middle of this new year which like in the previous year is still celebrated with the poet' s birthday in Santiniketan ( actually the day comes after three weeks ) which produces a day which comes to the city till the night of विद्यार्थीगण .
On that day 14 April 1941 was delivered the poet ' s last public address published in the public meeting under the title कि Crisis .
As I look around I see the crumbling ruins of a proud civilisation strewn like a vast heap of स्तूप .
Yet I will not commit the grievous sin of losing faith in man .
I would rather look forward to the opening of a new chapter in its history when the storm would cease and the atmosphere would be ओत with the spirit of service and sacrifice . "
How genuine was his faith in the destiny of man - whether well or ill - founded who can express his deep devotion in a new song which was first sung on that occasion .
Some days ago his grandson ठाकुर Tagore was in Calcutta
The proposal was like a seed which very soon sprouted and अंकुरित on this earth the great soul उतर on earth the leaves of grasses .
Their sufferings were torture and cold - set without a notice .
His unhappy country had passed through a period of great embarrassment while the जेल leaders in jail , people charged with hunger and misery around him .
The daily toll of suffering went on increasing and the fever rose higher each night in an intolerable anxiety .
The team of leading physicians and surgeons who came from Calcutta insisted on his removal to Calcutta .
The decision upset the patient who had little faith in the medical treatment and resented the possible repression on his body in the name of scientific surgery .
Even Gandhi had to be the king for a surgical operation .
" Why ca n ' t I be allowed to die in peace ?
A moment I feel the time draws near me .
But those who were around him knew to be saved because a very valuable life could not have been lost in any way .
So he घुटने reluctantly and against his better attitude .
He would have liked nothing better than to breathe his last at Santiniketan surrounded by those he loved best women and children and the trees his very own as he loved .
Trees they thought they were more dear than their lives so sad is I wonder if I will never see them ?
On 25 July he was taken to Calcutta .
It was perhaps the same law and it was right as he had to spend the first days of his life at the same time as his ancestral house and as a child .
Two days later he dictated a poem whose brevity concentrated strength as of some mantra and daring in thought match the थी of the Rig Veda : " The sun of the first day .
Uttar Pradesh
Tagore ' s is really an affirmation of a truth that is beyond faith or doubt or is inclusive of both doubt and belief .
The poet ' s observation is harsh truth : he knows nothing about the ultimate mystery of life and the universe of the universe .
What is outside this body and beyond it ? they are not aware of the fact .
But he was not a materialist or a भौतिकवादी as the words are used very often .
He believed that life was more perfect than death and the soul of man to be superior to life ; for life - long nature and the world - mind could not be reconciled to one another and regulated by a universal law whose principles were not mechanical and spiritual experience .
Basically a man of faith his faith was brave and true for it had been tested in the fire of pain .
It did not rest on the artificial props of borrowed beliefs but was founded in the experience of sorrow and realisation .
The first poem is 29 July 1929 at Calcutta
But at this stage they did not have the opportunity to do so .
Before he could recover from the after - effects of the operation his condition worsened and he gradually lost his consciousness never to recover it .
On 7 August at ten minutes past midday he breathed his last in the same old मकान house where he first opened his eyes eighty years and three months ago .
It was the day of the full moon of Sravana the month of rains not so often celebrated in his poems and songs .
A few days earlier he had composed a song which he had desired to be sung at his death before the time of his passing away and is still sung on the occasion of his prayer .
These stupas and chaityas show their own distinct regional characters as against their समकालीन in north and north - western temples .
From the sixth and seventh centuries AD the Hindus and Jains of the south too adopted the stone medium and built the rock - cut cave - temple when it was cut off from the one rock and covered with the temple .
It was possible that the southern region of India was untouched by external invasions and persecution by the other local states continued to be semi - literate and prosperous .
The ancient Hindu and Jain temples were also built by royal कारीगरी and the Pandya rulers and many other small राजाओं came to acquire these कारीगरी by the nobility of trade लोगों and agricultural products .
It was for this reason that he also made a contribution to this tradition of temple - building which became a series of big temples each in the south the शहर town and town of शहर which came to be known as the land of the temple .
Buddhism almost went into complete eclipse विलीन the Hindu temples to a greater extent and the Jain ones to a lesser extent .
For example the Buddha was adopted as the ninth of the ten incarnations of Vishnu in the Hindu pantheon in place of Krishna who came to be considered as the whole aspect of Vishnu .
It is then that a systematic study of the various regional styles in space - time and a complete understanding of the विभिन्नताओं and विभिन्नताओं of the southern and north - temple structures can be realised as to how these two great styles affected each other .
An attempt has been made in the following pages to portray in outline the temples of the south .
For even the simplest technical words of architecture and art when in the context of the explanation of the Indian temples a European language does not figure in the book which is why only the Sanskrit original words are used and are used as शिल्प .
The cult of worship of objects and phenomena of humanity at a certain point and in a certain way has long been prevalent in human society .
The beginning is made in the literary evidences अवशेषों tradition and material relics even today after centuries .
How well - organised worship was a tradition in early प्रायद्वीप and in what way life was regular : the image of it familiar to us in ancient Tamil literature the distant south of the Indian Peninsula including the Tamil country .
The extant portion of the literary material that we have at present belongs to a number of traditions that still prevails .
These monuments are mostly अंत्येष्टि or अंत्येष्टि and are also found far south of the Vindhya Range .
All these would constitute a class of hypaethral temples that is temples open to the air and devoid of a roof over the object of worship.
The scene has three trees with the bases of two of them enclosed by a enclosure .
The most prominent one on the right is with the railing around it and is shown as being worshipped by two devotees one with folded hands and the other holding a baby towards the tree .
Below this प्रस्तर picture it is written that it is the प्रस्तर chaitya of वैशाली .
This picture is probably designed to show the antiquity of the वृक्ष tree because the prastara and inscription are not of the time of the emperor Ashoka but of a much later date .
According to Buddha Ghosh there were many branches in this garden and people came to worship him with the intention of getting children .
It is easy to explain the above picture that one of the two persons in it prays for the child to receive the children and the other to express gratitude after the birth of the child receives the express pleasure of the child .
In short the structure of the विमानों and the shrines surrounding it are to be considered in a way the first forms of the later विमानों temple i. e. vimanas of two or three floors mostly of which the earth was set .
These cloister galleries are designated in the Tamil inscriptions and texts as के ( malika ) and also in the Silpa and Agama literature on temple architecture .
The only difference is that while the early examples surround hypaethral shrines which are not covered by a roof the later विमान surround roofed shrines or vimanas containing the object of worship or the deity.
In spite of the organised cult of the Hindu cults the हिंदू have long - standing cult of trees in south India particularly in Tamil .
On the top of the egg were of a square अंडे with a थे or a series of अंडे .
In the beginning a plaster was applied over them and a larger garland on the top of the egg was used as a decorative arrangement with the पत्थर of limestone which was plentiful .
The harvest of his field has been gathered and he fills the boat with it .
The boat goes in its direction and nobody knows where it will go नाव and the poet is left to the bank of the river .
There was a time when there was a great storm in the literary field when what was meant by this poem ?
What is the Golden Boat and who is at its सोने
The poet himself told him that the boat was nothing more for him represented a gold crop of our achievements and goes floating on the sands of time leaving us behind .
This is the revelation of the last poem of the book but this time the poet is placed in it .
Its lost संगिनी the संगिनी its संगिनी the Beloved of the संगिनी Its संगिनी is half - acquainted and half - knowing the नाव of the boat .
Will hope yield at last ?
You looked at me and smiled and said not a word .
Hinduism particularly in the Tamil country which included much of Kerala also became eclectic by absorbing the local deities and concepts in the pantheon and ritual or by identifying them with many of its own.
It was during this period that Siva Vishnu देवताओं Brahma को Durga को Kartikeya Sun - god etc. were also worshipped.
This synthesis has been possible through the exchange of the five centuries - old to the thirteenth century A. D. ; in which the south had much to offer to the culture of the whole country - e. g. the नटराज and the वैष्णव in the form of devotional worship in the form of the form of the Kali नटराज Vaishnava mystics वैष्णव ' बौद्ध ' बौद्ध ' बौद्ध ' बौद्ध ' बौद्ध ' बौद्ध ' बौद्ध ' बौद्ध ' बौद्ध ' बौद्ध ' बौद्ध ' बौद्ध ' बौद्ध ' बौद्ध ' बौद्ध ' वैष्णव ' वैष्णव ' बौद्ध '
It is because of this that regional literature developed at a late stage : it does not provide enough information about local customs and beliefs .
But the evidences from the excavation give us a vivid picture of the religious beliefs of the time - as in the case of northern India .
These relics also reveal the fact that the temples or shrines had a common plan design and structure irrespective of the creeds .
The earliest caves excavated by Asoka and his grandson Dasaratha into the स्थानीय Hills के in almost all parts of India .
The most important examples of this group are the Sudama ( लोमश ) and लोमश Rishi caves .
Both these caves exactly reproduce the plan of the गुफाएं Deva Sabha in देव .
It had chaitya halls which were really temples of worship - the stupa represented by Buddha ' s image and adored it consisting of shrines and monasteries each opening into a large assembly .
Many such examples are found in the vicinity of Poona and Nasik and Ajanta and अजंता .
The original reason for this was that the rocks were not as rigid as in the case of the गया and the चट्टानें structure was more suitable for this type of construction .
Among these the Buddhist cave at लोमश in पूना the आंध्र cave in आंध्र near Poona and the cave in आंध्र in Andhra bear comparison with the Sudama and लोमश Rishi caves .
One of the most beautiful poems in this work is the poem for - : " मिथक is the mythological woman of Hindu mythology who तपच्युत saints and stole the hearts of all men .
Rabindranath pictures her as arising out of the foam of the primal ocean when it was churned by the फेनिल and flawless beauty holding nectar in her right hand and poison in her left hand .
नारी is the eternal woman who has always desired but never possessed for she is mother not daughter or daughter .
The term over and merit exhausted the soul is about to return to earth and compares the chilly joy and unruffled peace of heaven with the woven web of joys and sorrows which is the life on earth .
The poem is a saga of this little earth and its मानवीय human relationships and concerns .
से in his own music and judgement but क्षुब्ध by the plight of his own countrymen the poet क्षुब्ध me and said " I am " मोरे " .
If Mahatma Gandhi was a poet he would have written such a poem .
They describe their people hungry naked in their own land bereft of human rights and bereft of even the will to protest.
The linga - pitha is generally square but octagonal in the eastern cave - temple at Malai - मलैयाक्कोविल .
In the Siva shrine of the गुफा - गुफा cave - temple the गुफा is a Somaskanda panel on the rear wall as in the Pallava cave - temples of the close of the seventh century and subsequent structural temples .
In the cave - temples at जिला and जिला ( जिला ) they are sitting only with Siva and Parvati ( पार्वती ) without Skanda .
For example such sculptures are the वैवाहिक and के ( जिला ) and the वैवाहिक ( District के ) . cut out on the northern wall of the cave - temple the वैवाहिक Siva - Parvati marriage or the marriage - सुंदरेश्वर of Meenakshi - मीनाक्षी .
The rock - cut lower cave - temple at Tiruchirapalli ( विष्णु ) has two lateral shrines in the lower cave - temple while the rear wall of the mandapa consists of five niches surmounted by pilasters . the central ताक Durga and सुब्रह्मण्य in others .
The larger cave - temple at दुर्गा has six of them the सुब्रह्मण्य five deities except the sun ; for the two principal lateral shrines are dedicated to Siva and Vishnu while the third Durga is cut into the central recesses of the hind wall .
The Western Gangas of गुफा in south Mysore following the Chalukya - Rashtrakuta idiom have left two unfinished cave - temples in the hard rock at मेह near Mysore .
In addition to the incorporation of the Chalukyan traits noted above the पल्लवों in these southern cave - temples essentially following the Pallava Mahendra - style and hard rock tradition also reproduce many iconic forms that are found in the Pallava . and structural examples .
The most important of these are the Durga मंडल with a devotee with her own head for bali the most important being the दुर्गा cave - temple at दुर्गा near the Vishnu cave - temple at दुर्गा and the गुफा cave - temples at दुर्गा with और and सालुवनकुप्पम as in much as the मंडल
The भू and Varaha Gajalakshmi forms are found in the cave - temples at गजलक्ष्मी and the भू भू in the cave - temple at गजलक्ष्मी .
The other iconographic forms so reproduced are हरिहर Harihara . Harihara . Subrahmanya Vishnu with Vishnu के . and the tandava forms of Siva .
However महेंद्र the Kerala cave - temple at some uncertain sources presents an important feature of the southern cave - architecture as they combine features of the Pandya and गुफा cave - temples of the adjacent territory with the same basic rock materials and mining design .
The unfinished rock - cut excavation shows the familiar Pallava technique of rock - cut cave like Mahabalipuram following in the cave with the characteristic features of the Pandya किरात पार्वती पार्वती and other places with a bas - relief of Siva on both the sides of the किरात .
These bas - relief sculptures are more akin to the Pallava than to the neighbouring Pandya forms .
In the भक्तगण there is a simple ऋषि short उत्खनन excavation without the facade or the front mandapa the south - wall in which there is a seated saint and a low on the service with which the main भक्तगण lie on the western side .
These are in the typical cave - temple complexes with the front mandapa and हैं .
Somewhere there is a Nandi - mandapa in front as in the नंदी cave at Ellora ( Kailasa complex ) .
The fourth type is exemplified by the structures where the principal shrine has no circumambulatory passage that is ; ; the ardha - mandapa has sculpture panels on its side walls and the large maha - mandapa is pillared and with or without side shrines .
The Saptamatrika shrine or niche is cut independently outside the main cave - temple usually on its left flank while there is a Nandi - mandapa in front as in Ellora Cave 22 .
The sandhara mode with a circumambulatory in the fifth class has evolved in the sanctum with door - openings in all four directions and the series of two or three mandapas on the front and in a highly developed form the other one being the अग्रमंडप Durga and the other .
The last category contains examples like those of the नारी नारी with नारी semi and mukha - mandapas in front of almost all of which there are no shrines for later on as in the case of नारी and generally नारी of female figures .
Thus there are different castes of रामेश्वरम प्रभेद found in the Chalukyan cave - temples : the nirandhara types where the shrine - cells are free from the circumambulatory passage at Badami with a triple shrine - cell at Ellora and the जोगेश्वरी temple at Ellora etc. .
The sandhara and सर्वतोभद्र forms are the most outstanding .
In the बाह्म type the shrine at एलोरा in Ellora is seen in the prominent cave at Elephanta and in the cave at जोगेश्वरी the outer mandapa cut in the जोगेश्वरी rock has at least three open courses ending with the शैल and the पीछे .
The heaviness of the Chalukyan pillars as at Badami is apparently reduced by the भारीपन and के the pillar and corbel shapes are various but in their development they retain their individuality till the close of the Chalukyan period and do not recur in the Rashtrakuta works .
The चालुक्य middle या or पट्ट common in the Chalukyan corbels are absent .
Though smaller than the Badami cave - temples the scheme is interesting from the point of view of मूर्तिशिल्प design की and sculpture .
The pillars are thin and have the usual capital components of the ' system ' .
The पार्श्व consists essentially of an almost square mandapa with a large principal cella of almost equal size on the rear and two more broad lateral shrines thus making a trikuta plan .
The rear shrine has a rock - cut linga ; while the lateral shrine of its right is dedicated to the देवगण and attendant deities and the one on the left to other forms of Siva .
The slightly projecting dividing wall - strips between the mandapa and rear shrine leaving a wide entrance in between - doors open with मूर्तियों sculptures.
On the facade on either flank on the rock wall are niches containing the sculptures of the two निधियों conch and the पद्म .
The Jain cave - temple has a front mandapa which is very rectangular and conforms to the typical mandapa - type cave - temple pattern .
The high trap - ridge at Ellora which had afforded the venue for a series of Buddhist excavations described earlier now provided a scope for Hindu and Jain works .
The Brahmanical cave - temples occupying the central part of the hill and the parts higher up belong to the period of the Chalukyas and their Rashtrakuta successors .
Cave 13 to 29 are Hindu excavations mostly in height and two of them are known in chronological chains the first of which is on the pattern of Buddhist excavations which are generally not carved on a rock or equal in their cella .
There are of course variations of plan and content in some way .
Cave 16 is the Kailasa complex . where the main part is the monolithic vimana temple of Kailasa with cave - temples on the पथ of the circumambulatory passage as in the case of the के ( विमान ) .
The later series are more after the models of the south and often have an image in their के a rock - cut linga pedestal with sometimes a rock - cut Nandi also .
The pillars in these caves are of a varied type and design with square or octagonal in section or generally of the kumbha - से or कुंभ - से type with full गुफाओं and central height ; or they have cushion - shaped kumbha mouldings .
The corbels where present are either simple or straight .
में ( Cave 21 ) is the first among this group .
The facade of the rectangular mukha - mandapa has four strings with elaborate मुखमंडप pillars and two pilasters on either side of the highly decorated वेदी parapet or dwarf wall interrupted in between two central pillars for the entrance .
But tell me - are you not listening to anything more to ask for than leave .
Have all your wishes been fulfilled ? is there no invisible thorn in your heart ?
" तो Kacha assures her .
" In this world you are a happy creature : " Bhavabhuti points out " Go back to heaven and play his victory in .
They are waiting there to welcome you back with flowers and music .
Ah Brahmin has you indeed spent hard and dreary days here पर in an alien land with no one to comfort or delight you ? "
Kacha feels the sting and begs “Not thus with a reproach but with a smile bid me farewell .
" smiles ! "
This is no Paradise !
The smiles in the creation is not so cheap that in the heart the heart is bitten by a पुष्प कीट heart where longing like a worm काट round the closed petals of the lotus .
The पूना at Poona has Gajalakshmi में में में हैं हैं हैं पूना पूना and हैं .
में depicts गंगाधर गंगाधर गंगाधर गंगाधर गंगाधर गंगाधर Ganesa Kartikeya and Surya .
The former Chalukyan cave - temples of coastal Andhra the softer rocks on either bank of the Chalukyas of के in the territory of the Eastern Chalukyas of के are found in more than a dozen cave - temples .
They meet on the northern bank in Krishna district on the hills of कृष्णा and तट and on the southern coast in the hills of तट तट पेनामागा and तट in और district .
These cave - temples of Eastern Chalukyan authorship show individualistic characters in their lay - out iconography and the scheme of the cella .
They partake in some respects of the neighbouring Pallava modes apart from their parental Chalukyan and northern heritage .
The wall over the वैष्णव for the वैष्णव linga or लिंग in the राष्ट्रकूट is noteworthy in the cave - temples of the Eastern Chalukyas where they occur in the western Chalukyan Rashtrakuta group .
Practically all the cave - temples are Saiva or are dedicated to other deities of the Saiva pantheon.
Nevertheless it is largely the result of gradual additions during various periods thus successively enlarging the original lay - out and resulting in such larger temple complexes or temple cities as those at Chidambaram Tiruvannamalai Madurai and Srirangam .
The temple cities so called such as Srirangam which is the largest of the lot accommodate the residential houses of people connected with the temple inside of the outer circuits.
For example Srirangam , the main temple of रंगनाथ in Srirangam में ( रंगनाथ ) is surrounded by seven मालिका with मालिका ( मालिका ) the four inside of which are called मालिका and गृहों ' गृहों and the three outer shrines .
These along with other houses and streets outside the outermost seventh prakara constitute a modem municipal city .
All the three - dimensional constructions refer to the large variety of transverse and vertical sides of the विमानों and the varying nature of an elevation and the number of storeys specified in the name of the उठान as they result in the large variety of southern vimanas .
The four - sided square or oblong plans and the और elliptical and apsidal बौद्ध familiar even in the earlier Buddhist and मंदिरों temples .
But the hexagonal or octagonal plan introduced in the construction of the southern vimana would have been extraordinary .
In the case of height the stupi or विमान is essentially of six vertical elements on the vimana namely the griva and sikhara from the base to the stupi or के ; as with the stupi or भित्ति ) .
The number of storeys could be increased to three or four ( three ) tritala विमान ( tritala विमान ) so that they were called ' विमान vimanas ' .
And yet at the call of duty he must at the sacrifice of his happiness and that he must do so he goes back to his intimate people and dedicate his knowledge to their service .
He . है .
The heart of the woman is beating the flame of नारी ' नारी ' नारी ' who is sorry in her absence .
You will go to the celestial realm where all regrets will be lost in the pride of your success.
What self - ambition or mission can instil in this thwarted and barren life ?
In these woods must I drag on the humiliation of an aimless and forlorn existence where memory with its thousand thorns will prick me at each सत्ता and a secret shame कुरेद at the very core of my being .
You must be ashamed of yourself O cruel guest who sat in the shade of my life - garden in the जीवन sun and within a short time सम्मान all its flowers and won the last by a necklace of नारी .
Be this my curse at farewell may the knowledge for whose sake you have spurned me never bear its full reward for you!
You shall bear its burden and not enjoy its use ; you will teach it but shall never be able to practise it . "
They later develop a central projecting भुजा or double वलय or assume the shape of a projecting curved arm terminated by a कमल lotus bud the कमल भुजा of the fifteenth century and later temples .
These shapes indicate regional developments and also chronological development .
Another important architectural feature is the torana लक्षण which is essentially an arched festoon ( sometimes straight as in the toranas of Sanchi ) and marking a sacred or ceremonial gate .
Such free - standing torana entrances or स्तंभ toranas are stated to have preceded the gopura entrances of ancient prasada .
But while the स्मारकों torana has been retained in the northern monuments as at Sanchi and Bhubaneswar it is the gopura entrance that has prevailed in the south and forms the most characteristic and invariable part of the temple complex .
The torana idea is however not concluded ; the motif is applied to many niches and entrances on the body of the vimana or the gopura and are known as भित्ति toranas .
These are found to frame the entrances of some cave - temples the fronts of the niches or devakoshthas on the walls of the vimana and the fronts of the nasikas of various orders and विमान . the sukanasika the विमान - nasika and the अल्पनासिका .
The gable - window - like arched kudu ornaments on the kapota of the prastara are से by toranas bereft of the supporting pillars .
In its simplest and most primary form it would consist of an offset bottom course the गरदन a taller neck - like recessed vertical course the कंठ and a projecting platform the कंठ or पट्टिका .
A slight extension may be cut in the middle called Kumud a circular or circular structure called कुमुद over the throat and under the कंठ a small कंठ called कुमुद .
When the closed cells are closed the inner faces of the walls have a series of pilasters .
On their external faces the external scheme obtaining in the main vimana is adhered to .
The pillars are mostly of the simple type with the upper and lower sections square on plan and with the intervening section octagonal or polygonal as in the case of the southern rock - cut cave - temples .
The names मंडपम् mandapam , mandapam हैं mandapam etc . indicate this .
Such simple mandapa pillars do not have differentiated capital mouldings ; but bear the होती or corbel block directly over the top square section .
They may occasionally have the full capitals of the order or the वास्तुशिल्पीय as in the case of the cave - temples of the Deccan they may be of the kumbha - कुंभ type or have the so - called cushion capitals mentioned earlier .
In later mandapa of the Chalukyan series the pillars above their square base are rendered into a series of curved and rounded shapes being turned over a खराद .
In later mandapas of the Pallava - Pandya series the pillars have been decorated with पशुओं paintings sculptures पशुओं animal figures or a number of miniature pillars known as पशुओं . ( a ) tomorrow .
A small upright free - standing rock just in front of the Draupadi ratha that would have hidden its front view has been shaped into a large sculpture of a standing lion facing north.
The other four rathas at महाबलीपुरम Ganesa ratha appear to have been cut out of the main hill range of Mahabalipuram and from a distance to the west of the main Hills the देवी ratha for both the ग्राम ) and the southern और temple .
The small Draupadi ratha illustrates the type of a very simple hut - like vimana square on plan with only four of the usual six विमान of the vimana namely adhishthana pada and विमान sikhara and stupi the प्रस्तर that are lacking being the prastara .
The छत ratha represents the kuta type with a four - sided domical roof or sikhara crowned by a single stupi or छत .
Being a square plan from base to apex it exemplifies the pure Nagara class .
It is dedicated to Durga whose standing sculpture with the attendants is carved on the rear wall of the temple .
The main doorway is framed by a fine torana as also the three devakoshthas which also enshrine standing relief sculptures of Durga on the three side walls .
On either side of the doorway are flanking the नासिका one on the niche in between the corner plaster and the torana pilaster framing the entrance. This ratha lacks a mukha or ardha - mandapa unlike the other rathas as also the nasikas projected from the sikhara .
A dvitala and hence का or विमान vimana of the same Nagara order square from base to apex is illustrated in the incomplete विमान ratha facing east .
It has a small ardha - mandapa and the aditala has a single wall . as it is called आदितल .
This was perhaps commenced by Mamalla ( as indicated by the label inscribed on the eastern side of the second tala ; and the consecration of the top tala were brought to its present stage of completion with the consecration of the top tala by मामल्ल .
In the Dharmaraja ratha what apparently looks like the outer wall of the aditala दीवार the corners and leaving open - pillared entrances on the four घेरती in between is really the wall of a closed mandapa investing the aditala or groundfloor temple .
The pattern is indeed the same as the aditala inner wall of the garbha - griha दीवार rising as the outer wall of the temple of the second tala called आदितल with an intervening additional wall नीचे lower than the talas below .
The incomplete Bhima ratha too is a complete आदितल - धर्मराज of the Dharmaraja ratha as it is surrounded by a narrow mandapa ; its walls are surrounded by two pillars on the corners long and smaller sides with अग्रभागों open fronts between the two pilasters .
The mandapa carries above its prastara a ham of kutas at the four corners and sala at the middle of .
The oblong sanctum facing west was perhaps intended for a reclining form of Vishnu with his head to the south and legs to the north .
The oblong griva ग्रीवा rising as an upper continuation of the garbha - griha walls is rather high .
On each of the two long sides of the griva sikhara are five well - projected nasikas in three sizes the central one being the largest the extreme अंतर्वर्ती at either end and the intermediate one being the अंतर्वर्ती .
The combination has three larger ones with the prastara shown the full nasikas .
But a deeper conflict is that of personal loyalties .
Should one if faced with a relentless choice betray one ' s conscience or one' s religion one ' s country or one' s faith the pledge of friendship or love ?
There is no answer to this dilemma and it must not take any such decision and this makes its final outcome .
The next major volume of verse रवीन्द्रनाथ was published in 1896 .
रबी literally means the harvest all of the Rabi crops and रबी of rice done in the month of रबी ( March - April ) since the sun काम in a month of May burns the last drop of moisture from the ground .
Perhaps this was because the poet was very conscious of the fact that the early spring of his life was about to come to an end and the पत्ते of the deepest spiritual exuberance and intellectual कोंपल of early manhood .
It is as if one of these poems is a sad brooding over the feeling of a dream which comes out on a different path .
Before the future of India अतीत him in the next phase he will सहेजना a few immortal moments from the immediate past .
Sometimes one or more of the other seven parivara shrines deviate in form for example the apsidal or अर्धवृत्ताकार - अर्धवृत्ताकार temple for Ganesa or या in the सुंदरेश्वर temple at सुंदरेश्वर - LRB - नंगवरम district ) .
The संप्रदाय cult of कैलासनाथ as the संप्रदाय or the main कैलासनाथ in the Siva temple which has been seen during the reign of Rajasimha Pallava is also seen in the Kailasanatha temple at कांची which is now functioning अष्ट in a complete form in a dedication of about 1000 .
The Siva temple at शिव - LRB - जिले - RRB - and the Siva temple at शिव ( both जिले district ) are examples of the kind with circular in the griva and sikhara section of the ekatala vimana .
The aditala has four corners of the आदितल temple which are symbols of Subrahmanya Kartikeya instead of the common आदितल in Siva temple .
The dvitala शिव temple at जिला ( जिला district ) and the similar Siva temple in में ( Tirunelveli district ) are slightly larger examples .
The नंदी temple consists of four karnakutas smaller shrines at the corners of the topmost tala .
The दीवारों Siva temple is noted for its fine architecture and sculpture carved on its walls and superstructure the celebrated joy of Siva the tandava है the भारतीय the image of तमिलनाडु the early भारतीय of Tamil Nadu and the early भारतीय of the Indian styles .
The celebrated icon of Nataraja in its characteristic ananda - tandava pose depicting in , Gupta the pancha vadya of Siva of Tamil Saiva Siddhanta as ably described and interpreted by नटराज makes its advent late in the ninth century .
The Saiva saint संत is the first among पत्थर to refer to this form and aspect of Siva ' s dance and the small पत्थर panel ( संत E ) perhaps the first to cast its shape in stone .
It was perhaps the first time used in the temple wall of the southern wall of the ardha - mandapa in Thanjavur district as the niche sculpture in the rock and in this case becomes a common part of the other early Chola temples .
The मुत्तरैयार मुत्तरैयार in में ( Pudukkottai district ) though so called after the founder of the Chola line of Thanjavur is an interesting and fine Muttaraiyar example .
The sandhara aditala of this tritala structure is square on plan externally with an almost equal - sized closed mandapa in front while the inner wall enclosing the sanctum is circular leaving an intervening passage all round .
The second tala rising over the inner circular wall is square while the third as also the griva and sikhara above is circular in section .
The aditala ham extended over the top of the front mandapa also shows a series of आदितल .
But for these the dvarapalas at the पूजागृह and mandapa entrance the sculptures on the four faces at the top and the cylindrical linga with circular pitha in the sanctum there are not many sculptures.
The west - facing complex is surrounded by the परिवार parivara and a prakara with a small gopura entrance on the east located near the north - east corner at the top of a rock ( पूर्वी ) over which the temple is built .
Its two square lower talas of the superposed sanctum type with the double - walled square sandhara aditala leaving a passage in between the walls are functional and have में forms enshrined in their पूजागृह .
The ham of the aditala over the top of the outer wall consisting of kuta sala and panjara elements is continued over the top edges of the mandapa in front .
The hara contains a series of fine crafts .
This was the work of गंग the minister of Ganga गंग ( गंग ) .
The base of this immense figure is surrounded by घिरा i . e . घिरा the minister of मालिका a minister of मालिका - मालिका made of the lesser मालिका of the sculpture from the back in the twelfth century by द्वारा another minister .
The Ganga temple at श्रावण near श्रावण in Sravana is a Jain temple and is interesting because of the fact that the three main types of structures now wholly composed of granite it opens out into the three बाह्य of a common mandapa .
To this complex have been added two more lateral vimanas in front of the common mandapa of the trikuta Centre .
The whole is surrounded by a prakara with a small gopura entrance on the north .
In नागर ( Hassan district this complex is called बस्ती basti ( Jain temple ) ; which is a typical set of units the latter is an example of the विमानों classification of the southern vimanas as Nagara विमानों and वेसर .
Particularly may be mentioned the variety of niche toranas framing the devakoshthas that depict the different forms of toranas described in the texts and inscriptions such as the patra torana chitra torana makara torana मकर torana . torana etc. .
Thus the temple set is an example of a variety of features of vimana design which were lists and codified in the Silpa and Agama texts of the period it may be said that the text - book is an ideal example or specimen studied with the works .
The granite temples of Nandi ( Kolar district ) the capital of the Banas are of Ganga - गंग quotation .
The smaller and earlier structures on top of the hill are not architecturally impressive while the large tribal temple at . and पहाडी of दोनों both of the square types both of which are square - shaped both are the . .
It has been enlarged in a complex by अक्षीय the जुडवा temple into a later axial mandapa and peripheral structures .
The भोगनंदीश्वर in the two is evidently a pre - existing form of construction and is noted for the fineness of its structure and beauty of its structure .
The की would appear to be almost a later copy of the भोगनंदीश्वर .
Thus it would not appear to be more than a large assembly hall converted into a temple with a shrine inside .
The large mandapa of the ग्राम temple with its improvised shrine at the rear with an unconventional slopy roof standing on an adhishthana of its own was rightly suspected to have been originally the hall of the village moot ( Percy Snow ) .
A case in point will be what is nowadays called the पल्लव temple of जिला ( जिला district ) a later Pallava structure which we have not noticed in our preceding account of temples of the period .
The huge hall of this sabha - mandapa or grand assembly hall of चतुर्वेदी - Chaturvedi चतुर्वेदी constructed evidently for the village sabha or assembly is only what remains left to be the magnificent edifice the upa - pitha and the adhishthana the अधिष्ठान superstructure that stood over it .
The extant पत्थर base is of hard granite stone .
An inscription of the twenty - fourth year of Pallava . III on the extant structure itself calls it a mandapa not a temple - LRB - विमान - RRB - .
The structure is of the के period of ह्य796 .
Incidentally प्रशासकीय is the celebrated inscription of the twelfth and 14th years of the first Cholas ( सभा ) of the 14th century A. D. in which the rules and conditions for the formation of the Gram Sabha are established in the governing body of the ग्राम .
These temples have a typically Chalukyan plinth form with nirandhara or single - walled aditala and with a narrower ardha - mandapa in front .
The structural stone साम्राज्य the power of the thief had reached its zenith as far as 1 000 the entire Tamil area and Kerala the parts of south Mysore and the coastal Andhra and the मालदीव the Andamans श्रीलंका Lakshadweep and the मालदीव
The contemporary rival powers in the Deccan were Rashtrakutas ; but they soon became powerful and put before the Chalukyas of Kalyani their arms .
With the experience and knowledge gained in stone construction technique and design and with the forms and norms laid down in codified Agama and Silpa manuals the period that followed witnessed great activity in the construction of temples particularly the great ones of south India and Sri Lanka .
The Brihadisvara at Thanjavur and the later Brihadisvara और - LRB - Thanjavur - RRB - and the immediate outcome of the Brihadisvara और - LRB - पांड्य - RRB - complex data - RRB -.
The great temple at Thanjavur appropriately called the Brihadisvara or the राजराजा after its builder Rajaraja I conceived as a whole complex on a grand scale and completed by the founder .
It combines all that is best in temple - building मंदिर sculpture painting and allied arts .
It is a large complex with an enormous monolithic Nandi recumbent on a high pedestal in front of the vimana and its coeval axial mandapa but now sheltered in a mandapa of a much later date.
A rich disciple गुरु proud of his wealth came to the Sikh Guru and gifted a pair of gold bangles .
The Guru let one bangle slip from his hand into the river below.
The disciple jumped into the river to retrieve the costly gift .
But when he could not find his bangle he prayed the Guru to indicate what position he had fallen .
The Guru threw the remaining bangle into the water and said , there ?
It is in this work that the ancient Rishi concerned with the थे who gave the sacred mantra to his disciples .
A little boy poor but eager to learn came and begged him to accept him as a disciple .
The sage asked him if he was a Brahmin and who his father was .
The mother said she had never been her husband and if God has given her anything she was a boy .
The sage embraced the boy and said " You are the best of Brahmins for you have inherited the noblest traits of your inheritance . "
The Kasi - विश्वेश्वर temple at महादेव and the Mahadeva temple at महादेव also not far from महादेव mark the zenith of architecture and art in this area under the Western Chalukyas .
The date of the latter temple is precisely indicated by its inscription as AD सन् .
The main vimana extant only up to the griva the sikhara and stupi having been lost ; the stupi is a square five - storeyed structure standing on an elaborately moulded adhishthana with a sukanasika projected from the level of the fourth tala over the antarala roof .
The entire vimana on each side is thrown out of five bays the central one being the most projected the बीच with four narrower recesses in between the bays forming a scheme like a विमान shape .
The hara on each side of the tala in correspondence with the width of the bays is made of two karnakutas one at either end the central sola and two intervening sheds .
The most projected bays of each lateral sides of the aditala have deep and broad like the miniature shrines all of which carry pillars miniature vimanas including the विमानों the विमानों the विमानों the विमानों or विमानों with or narrow facade in line - karnakutas .
The navaranga forms a larger square in front its outer walls and adhishthana similarly relieved and recessed and with similar external अलंकरण .
What is more interesting is its highly ornate and raised central ceiling and the fine carvings on its stone slabs particularly those cutting the corners of the inner ceiling of the square section .
The three entrances preceded by a pillared entrance in the mandapa and with pillared मंडप
The excessive decorative elements of this temple as also the plan and other features indicate its proximity in time to the typical temples of the Hoysalas and सत्ता who came after them to power in this region in the late twelfth and early thirteenth centuries .
Likewise the story of the monk . a disciple of बुद्ध Buddha is also included .
One day . This handsome young monk was sleeping on the ground outside the city wall of Mathura when suddenly something struck against his chest and he woke up with a start .
As a matter of fact she was a beautiful courtesan of the city.
When he turned to the monk and saw the beautiful disciple he invited him to come there and said भिक्षु hard and rough ground is not your bed . "
The monk looked at her and said " softly " O bunch of loveliness not yet .
Where you are going जा go there . when the time comes for me I shall myself attend . "
The days passed and one day as the monk was passing by the city wall he noticed a woman lying sick and abandoned on the ground .
The monk sat down beside the unconscious body and raising the woman ' s head in his lap poured water on her dry lips smeared her body with cool and fragrant sandal paste and chanted prayers for her health .
The woman opened her eyes and asked “Who are you : " Who are you O merciful one?
In another poem called The क्षति क्षति The Poet tells the following story: On a winter morning the Queen of Kashi went with her companions to bathe in the Ganges.
Among the temples of the वारंगल of वारंगल or Warangal the temple at पालमपेट and Palampet are the most well known and typical of their architecture and art .
The so - called वारंगल - pillared मंदिर at वारंगल ( Warangal district ) built by King Prataparudra in 1162 A . D . which well shows the transition from the late Western Chalukyan to the Kakatiya form .
The main part consists of a trikuta or triple shrine of considerable size and dedicated to Siva Vishnu and Surya all the three respectively opening into a common mandapa on the west north and east respectively and these platform.
The mandapa has open corners between the three shrines and on its two sides and its pillars inside are lathe - turned .
It is attached to an intervening Nandi - mandapa in front of the unit .
Another interesting feature of the ruined ruined temple is the elaborate toranas marking the भग्नावशेष .
The temples at Palampet ( district ) are of another remarkable group .
The bases of the peripheral pillars of the mandapa are also connected by a वेदी and a मंडप forming the lean - back of the मंडप .
While the main structure is of reddish sandstone the decorations are of polished basalt or पत्थरों which are stones of a hard nature .
It consists of a vimana with a mukha - mandapa in front of which there are three projected entrances preceded by a step laid by the north . in the east and south while the garbha - griha is attached to the west with a antarala .
The whole stands on a prominent and well - moulded upa - pitha .
The wall of the garbha - griha over the adhishthana on each side has five prominently relieved pilasters the central one wider than the lateral pairs and the prastara on top has a slopy flat basal section on the top .
The recesses between the pilasters contain the usual short and slender pilaster motif surmounted by a shrine superstructure over its head .
The superstructure of the main vimana now ruined appears to have been of four talas or storeys with a prominently projected sukanasika on the front side over the antarala a Nandi placed on top of it .
The main structure is like the great temple of Palampet in size in plan and rise .
The whole stands on a double plinth with a broad upa - pitha platform below and the adhishthana or the real base of the structures above leaving an open ambulatory all round.
Over the adhishthana of the mandapa there is the usual dwarf wall or वेदी parapet forming हैं and supporting the shorter peripheral pillars at the corners and on each side of each porch entrance .
The bracket - figures represent व्याल in graceful poses and vyalas व्याल elephants each with a human body cut out of its pore space .
Inside the mandapa there are smaller shrines on the periphery of the sanctum with only five of them extant as in Palampet .
The roof of the mandapa is destroyed .
The sala type roof or विमान over the face rises to the height of the next vimana again to the superposed विमान system .
The पश्चिम with its east west - long arm has a torana gate on the प्रकोष्ठ which carries to the bracket in the प्रकोष्ठ or on the front side of the छत roof or top of the छत that is the छत of the Chalukyan cave - temples .
Thus विजयनगर the typical temple विजयनगर - LRB - वास्तुशिल्पीय - RRB - with a bold exposure of far and near architectural features has been integrated with the architectural design and with the requisite skill of Vijayanagar with a characteristic विजयनगर ( standing vertical design ) .
The aim was to point out from the point of view of this spiritual master which both the राजवंश of the royal dynasty and the heads of the religious seats and the मूर्तिशिल्प of the various regional architectural styles were to be sufficiently सम्मिश्रण in Hampi .
It is in fact a large complex planned and built at one time consisting of the vimana axial mandapas multi - pillared axial mandapas विमान - mandapas प्राकार other mandapas मंडप - mandapas cloister मंडप and gopura .
It was commenced by Krishnadeva Raya in राजधानी and was perhaps still not completed when the empire fell in 1565 after which the capital was shifted to राजधानी .
The mandapas and gopuras are as in all Vijayanagar temples remarkable for their great size .
Many of the mandapas are of the सहस्त्र order .
So also will be occasions when he was नैतिक the national moral मानवतावादी with his universal and humanistic conception these three collections of his personal ideas and ideas which are constantly published in his outstanding गानों and मानवतावादी are among three collections one by one and the other .
Whatever Plato might have said of अरस्तू ' s 'The first and last love of प्रेमिका is for a long time : at least it is she who उत्कट away from her newly created instinct in space and never comes to poetry with the पंखों .
The Bengali year ends in April as the wind blows and the violent storms sweep over the plains by झंझावात - झंझावात and thereby on the eve of the monsoon it must have been the strange mixture of the god .
But by and large the poet ' s instinctive and pagan love of nature his voluptuous delight in its varying moods is now weighed down with melancholy passion .
He sees the temple in ruins and pity for the deity neglected and neglected .
There is a lovely poem which might have interested शिव involved Shiva ' s regret and caused the burning of the god of love to ashes by the deity of love in her budding moments .
The ashes carried away by the wind are now scattered all over the world and the anguish of sex repressed never ceases to trouble man .
The poet ' s foreboding of the spiritual crisis and the conflict he has recorded in many of his poems :
The lower extremity of the top tala or the भुजा में which was plain in the temples of the विजयनगर and early Cholas has increased over the भुजा figure and the भुजा figure now forming the statutory characteristic of the floral , with a भुजा pattern .
The शलाका flexed arm has a horizontal connective bar below it connecting the free tip to the main section .
The kumbha panjara motif on the wall recesses of vimanas gopuras and mandapas is made more ornate and elaborate .
The cornice , which was till now thick and curved down becomes large thin and with a double . and extends far forward often showing the imitation of the wooden तीलियों of the frame supporting it .
In the mandapas as in the kalyana - mandapa of the कांचीपुरम temple in Kanchipuram the , of its kind are four large stone chains hanging down at the corner of the पाषाण कांचीपुरम including that part of the cornice which is a stone - पाषाण
The mandapas are noted for their excellent and intricately - worked पाषाण in hard stone - platforms .
These are called विजयनगर and characteristic of Vijayanagar style .
The superstructure of the stone vimanas or gopuras are of brick and mortar often with timber inside if they are not built in the पाषाण or करण manner .
They are called कृष्णदेव and in some cases the eleven high storeys are raised viz . the अरूणाचल जिला ( North अर्काट district ) in अरूणाचल अरूणाचल and अरूणाचल ( in अरूणाचल district ) in the great Siva temple at सम्राट they were built by the great emperor Deva . They . राय Deva Raya ) .
The अहाते complex is located in a high - walled paved enclosure with three gopura entrances south and north .
There are also axial and accessory mandapas and ancillary shrines .
The axial series consisting of vimanas with front mandapas stands on an ornate platform carved with friezes of men horses हंसों हंसों and small shrine models .
The steps leading up to the agra - mandapa are flanked by the large stone yards .
The agra - mandapa itself contains huge monolithic pillars with carved - out स्तंभ or with large vyalas having riders on their seats .
The superstructure of the vimana is of brick .
There are also shrines for other attendant deities in the courtyard .
The Krishna temple built by Krishnadeva Raya in में is another handsome temple complex with the usual components of attendant shrines मंडपों the mandapas and pillared है and गोपुरों .
Built by - Raya ( 1530 ) it is noted for its great size and huge proportions .
भीतर Raya temple - LRB - प्राकार - RRB - built in प्राकार is another large structure inside the double prakara with gopuras and an Amman shrine mandapas and cloister designed on lines similar to the famous विट्ठल temple though it may not be parallel to it .
Its pillars are however handsome and it contains some fine sculpture .
The temple was dedicated to Anantasayin Vishnu but the deity is now missing .
The shrine front has three doors to render the head शरीर body and feet of the reclining god visible from the distance .
The presence of the sukanasika on the front of the vimana superstructure is on the sides of the Nandi Devi on the sides of the नंदी entrance of the plain ग्रेनाइट granite and over the exquisitely carved temples of जिला जिला जिला ( जिला district ) .
Then there is the navaranga pattern of the mandapas as opposed to the linear multi - pillared type of the farther south and free - standing toranas as in the temples on top of the hill at मैसूर ( Mysore State ) .
The Hazara Rama temple was probably begun earlier and Was completed by Krishnadeva Raya .
The temple is devoid of the characteristic gopura ; but its prakara walls are decorated by friezes externally depicting the बाहरी dance , music and लोकोत्सवों .
The central power was very weak .
The Vijayanagar साम्राज्य in the southern regions the Nayakas gradually assumed independent powers .
Some of them fostered temple architecture and created some notable temples .
They were the Nayakas of Vellore ( North Arcot district ) वेल्लोर ( South Arcot district ) वेल्लोर Thanjavur and Madurai in Tamil Nadu and वेल्लोर in north - west Mysore .
In the Nayak period the enlarged mandapa के and the large gopura at the शतस्तभं class in Tamil Nadu with a number of elaborately carved stucco figures at वेल्लोर : the Vellore and Madurai and their most high gopura अधिरचना in front of the Sri वेल्लोर temple .
The exquisitely carved हुए at his top and having an almost resemblance to each other are the कांची कांची : the kalyana - mandapa of the कांची and the pre - mandapas of the famous Ranganatha temple in विजयनगर .
They are of the योद्धाओं type with an unusually brilliant line of पशुओं - शिल्पांकित pillars with an unusually brilliant योद्धाओं in front with figures of योद्धाओं warriors and परिजनों of prey including the परिजनों warriors and other पशुओं of prey .
The large temple complex at Madurai on all sides with the great mandapas and towering gopuras on all the four sides of the central shrine are mostly of the Nayaka origin and most of them originated during the time of the नायक Nayaka ( नायक ) .
The सुंदरेश्वर mandapam in the Minakshi - सुंदरेश्वर temple at Madurai and the front mandapa in the temple at सुंदरेश्वर are notable examples in this respect .
The Subrahmanya temple unit with vimana ardha - and mukha - mandapas standing in the north - west court of the Brihadisvara temple complex is a typical example of the Nayaka temple of the ornate variety and a real gem of its type .
Built of fine grained granite it exhibits in the mouldings of its adhishthana and pilasters of its wall some fine and intricate तंतु .
The characteristic kumbha panjara in the wall recesses between pilasters is rendered highly ornate as also the पुष्प corbel of the capitals over the pillars and polygonal pilasters with the बीच bud at the tip of the curved arm forming the full lotus bud .
The double - flexed kapota is thin and elegant showing the भीतर supporting frame - work on the surface .
The griva and sikhara of the square vimana are hexagonal in conformity with the six - faced सुब्रह्मण्य form of Subrahmanya installed in the temple .
These and other temples thus formed easily the pattern for the living art of the modern जीवित or temple - builder of south India .
Such work can be seen in the rock fort temple at Tiruchirapalli Madurai and other places .
The construction of the entire temple complex inside the Vellore fort including Kalyan mandapas and gopura as well as most of the वेल्लोर temple near वेल्लोर in Vellore ; still we train . into the large halls of नायकों which surrounded by temples or नायकों .
Likewise there are many small Nayaka temples inside the Chandragiri fort .
There are a few granite stone - built temples of the Hoysala times शासन built when a collateral branch of the dynasty ruled over parts of Tamil Nadu with the capital at राजधानी near Srirangam and राजधानी - राजवंश
They are all built in the local regional style in logical continuation of the late Pandya temples of Tamil Nadu and consequently features of the Vijayanagar temples of Tamil Nadu that followed.
Such temples of the Hoysala times are to be found in मंदिर some 6 kms from Srirangam ( Srirangam ) स्थानीय called locally ( में ) and in द्वीप ( the eastern part of the Srirangam island ) .
There were a few more constructed by the Hoysala generals and administrators in the Tiruchirapalli and Pudukkottai districts for example the temple unit at , ( प्रशासकों ) .
These temples built during the Hoysala interregnum reveal in their architecture and sculpture only the local regional norms ( not of the Hoysala patterns as known in their home country ( Karnataka ) built of soft पत्थर stone .
The Srirangam श्रीरंगम temple shows noticeably far advanced architectural and sculptural features of the local regional style .
The sculpture of the tall नारी - built graceful maidens perhaps many of them depicting अंग besides नारी in different attitudes and poses contrast with the short - built and नारी नारी in different centres of Belur बेलूर and Hoysala art .
If the images of the मंदिर temple are at all required then the पाषाण पाषाण and पाषाण ( Tirunelveli district ) and in the other parts of the मीनाक्षी mandapam and the Madurai - Minakshi - मीनाक्षी temple are at large in stone .
The Ikkeri Nayakas have left temples of a Chalukyan affiliation in their capital towns of Ikkeri . राजधानी and in other places in their area .
The जिला temple at जिला district जिला is the largest and finest of the Ikkeri style of temples .
It is apparent that this system of tiered arrangement of slopy roof slabs or कोर्निस curved one over the other was best suited to a region of high rainfall ; as was the original Kadamba region on the west coast .
It may be said that this form with or without the sukanasika is more or less a cross between the typical northern prasada superstructure and the southern vimana forms .
This type is evident from the मल्लिकार्जुन temple near the राष्ट्रकूट temple at मल्लिकार्जुन ( 8th century ) the Mallikarjuna group on the way to the भूतनाथ group in the Badami valley and the महाकूटेश्वर temple all of which are Badami - Chalukya - Rashtrakuta origin .
The group of smaller shrines behind the जिला temple at जिला ( Kurnool district ) and the मंदिर group of temples in आलमपुर are of this type in the Eastern Chalukyan region .
Eight of the nine structures of the Lakshmi Devi temple complex in जिला ( Hassan district Mysore 2 ) built in होयसल are of this type belonging to the Hoysala times .
In the Eastern Chalukyan area comprising the districts of Kurnool प्रासाद and Guntur we have such rekha - prasada - type temples built from the seventh - eighth centuries .
In the विमान complex of nine temples in विमान all except the विमान of the southern vimana type are of this type .
They mostly date earlier than AD हैं when as stated in an inscription the prakara enclosing the whole group was built by था .
They are mostly nirandhara while a few are sandhara .
Each unit consists of a sanctum with a well - proportioned tri ratha sikhara है an antarala and pillared mandapa with a two - tiered flat roof .
The whole axial series has a single entrance in front and a continuous wall surrounding it the बाहरी forming also the outer wall of the cell in the sandhara type .
The exterior wall faces are richly carved with niches surmounted by मॉटिफ motifs containing fine sculptures and lattice walls .
The carvings are fine and reminiscent of the central Indian and Rajasthani styles .
The समूह is the most advanced and elaborate specimen of the group .
Most of these temples the , some of which were founded in the tenth - eleventh centuries have been considerably renovated or reconstructed in recent centuries and as a result do not show much that can be attributed to or interpreted as evolutionary trends .
Usually what goes unnoticed is the internal make - up and structural contents of the srikoyil since by ritual tradition and convention the interior of the Kerala temple is totally inaccessible to any except the ordinated पुरोहितों .
What one perceives of the srikoyil is in fact an external shell as it were of a core vimana or भीतर inside.
The inner or garbha - griha is in which the garbha - griha or garbha - griha is essentially a vimana in kind as in the case elsewhere in the south in which the cella has a higher number of विमान shrines on top of the cella .
The plan of this nuclear unit often does not correspond with the ground plan of the srikoyil and its plinth and it is usual to find that the cella is square inside what is externally a circular or apsidal structure or vice versa.
The ultimate outer conical ( domical or बाहरी roof either covers the inner sikhara over the inner structure like an umbrella with its stupi or it is on top of the griva forming sikhara with stupi as common to both .
While the मानसूनी essentially of the central part or the garbha - griha is of the general vimana type the common vimana type on the east of the Western Ghats : the outer protective covering of the srikoyil structure . - like inner to the most sustained and sustain .
He is not afraid of his pain .
It is fear that विकृत the Truth as I move so far as I find in your infinity - - I find that there is neither sorrow nor death nor separation.
A collection of hundred poems entitled का ( नैवेद्य ) is entirely appropriate and dedicated by the poet to his revered father his credit because of the gifts which were preserved in the pages of spiritual and moral property .
When he read out the poems in manuscript to his father he was so pleased that he gave the son a purse to meet the expenses of publication .
Even in his भावदशा and God - conscious moods Rabindranath could not avert his face from this life and the world .
I embrace the separation of my joy and I know that here the Lord and the soul both sing and sing and sing at one another .
But Bahadur Shah had neither the guts nor the power nor the will left to say anything .
The first question of the trial arises as to whether under the International Law a king could be tried as a common man : there is no doubt that Bahadur Shah was a King and he was accepted as King .
The Britishers prior to 1857 were no sovereign rulers of India and Bahadur Shah was not their subject though he was awarded a pension.
During the freedom struggle in 1857 a stage came when the Delhi Company became de jure and de facto independent of the rule and Bahadur Shah was declared as King ' s Emperor .
In such circumstances it may be said that trying Bahadur Shah as a विद्रोही was not proper according to law and was not fair or justice .
Though according to law of evidence the prosecutor placed before the court enough material to prove the charge it remained legally नहीं as Bahadur Shah was in no position to cross - examine or defend himself nor was he provided any legal aid .
The conditions in the country were such at that time that nobody having any legal knowledge had the courage to come forward to defend Bahadur Shah .
The verdict cannot be treated as a legal decision after hearing both the parties .
The manner in which Bahadur Shah was brought to Delhi after the defeat and the manner in which the evidence was produced is proved that the trial was a farce .
Indeed Bahadur Shah as a ruler should not have been tried at such a trial .
Not only that he was not in a mental state to face such a trial and defend himself .
He was 82 - years - old .
His wife Zeenat Mahal including all his fellow - men had almost deserted him .
The trial attracted more than two months .
At no time was there any doubt about the verdict.
On 29 March 1858 Bahadur Shah was found guilty of all the charges and subsequently sentenced to transportation for life .
He left Delhi in October 1858 accompanied by बेगम Bakht बख्त Shah थीं Shah बेगम and his wife Zeenat Mahal who had by now become full - grown tired and fed him " miserable बूढा ' .
He died on 7th November 1862 in 1862 .
Surendra Nath proceeded to England and appealed to the Indian Office " but he was not heard of any complaint nor was he permitted to forget as a barrister .
In June 1875 he went back to India and joined the अंग्रेजी Institution " as a professor of English and then he joined the Free Church College now known as the Ripon College established by his own .
During his teaching lessons as well as in public lectures he fired listeners with his long - term lectures on the life and teachings of J . शिवाजी ' s शिवाजी the life and teachings of Shivaji and the Sikhs .
He founded on 26th July 1876 the Indian Association which was intended to be the centre of an all - India political movement .
He undertook a tour of India to awaken the spirit of unity and solidarity among the people .
The popularity of Surendra Nath can be gauged from the fact that when he was called the कारावास of imprisonment in charge of contempt of the court the Surendra Nath Banerjea was in Bengal as a full - fledged gentleman .
Surendra Nath Banerjea played a leading role in the Indian National Congress too and twice became its president in 1895 and 1902.
It is undoubtedly due to the part played by Surendra Nath and his colleagues in Bengal that the Indian National Congress came to be looked upon after the second session as the handiwork of the Bengalis.
They also participated in the ' बंग ' movement ' of 1905 and in the subsequent ' बायकाट ' and ' boycott ' .
His leadership at the Barisal Conference made him the बादशाह king of Bengal .
He was a frank and fearless man and for his undaunted courage was imprisoned for contempt of the High Court .
He spoke against corrupt judiciary and set an example for times to come and paved the way for the right of freedom of expression .
Surendra Nath Banerjea was editor of an English newspaper in which he wrote a leading article on 28th April 1883 .
The article was based on a report published in the Brahmo Public Opinion stating that one of the judges of the High Court of Calcutta Mr Justice Norris had ordered a Hindu litigant to bring his household deity - LRB - ओपीनियन - RRB - in the case .
It seems that on previous occasions also Justice Norris had acted with prejudice against the Hindus in many cases.
The report touched the sentiments of most of Bengal and the noted Surendra Nath Banerjea in his निर्भीकता and समाज wrote an article criticising the समाज of the Judge ' s समाज " The High Court ' s Judge now not the pervasive respected .
The article created a stir not only in Calcutta but all over India offending not only the sentiments of the Hindus but also the अंग्रेज in the entire judiciary particularly the English judges .
The language of the article was sharp and convincing .
It was a frontal attack on the judiciary and more particularly on the member of the High Court .
I should like to emphasise that if I knew it or there was any reason to believe that the report of the पब्लिक Public Opinion was wholly wrong or misleading and therefore I do not wish to recall any of these remarks .
The conditions in which they are the conditions of the British India show considerable respect to the Hon 'ble Court and the High Courts of the other ब्रिटिश and I believe that it is the most impartial privilege and privilege of all sections of the society to receive their legitimate rights and privileges if they receive by all these privileged scholars .
In challenging the jurisdiction of the High Court in the issuance of notice he said " I have been advised that the Hon’ble Court should have been well disposed of by जन . or I do not have much power to deal with it .
He had the courage to point out that no justice could be done in such a matter .
Though he had sought pardon for his writing and was a little more than the court he was not given this time and the case was filed on 4 / 5 May 1883 and four other judges of the High Court - न्यायालय lawyers ' were produced .
The Chief Justice with whom Cunningham J. न्यायाधीश J. and Norris J. नौरिस delivered the verdict of the court shows how sensitive were English judges and how harsh they were in such cases .
The case was taken up on 4th May 1883 and the judgment was delivered the next day .
Your counsel has also wholly failed to explain to the court why the article was inserted.
And you are also fully aware that the affidavits upon which the rule was issued were not directed to the subject of that report .
" Such matters in your affidavit so far from अपराध your offence appear to them in the eyes of the court .
He has also been finding it difficult to believe that the editor of a letter such as yours cannot be clear from the देशी law of the offence to which he has already published articles on the basis of ' a High Court ' s conduct and character ' .
" The court is prepared to take wild consideration on your affidavit as your counsel has pointed out that these affidavits were prepared without much interest but for other reasons not the warning to the Chief Justice Surendra Nath Banerjea .
i court K
The court order is that you be imprisoned on the civil side of the Presidency Jail for two months . "
It was the first time in the history of the British legal system in India when the sentence of contempt for the court to an established man in spite of his थी prayers and explanation .
Even if there was no rule the practice was to leave the accused without notice and order to punish him - the condition was that the accused should not suffer the punishment was not sufficient or was not sufficient .
In the guise of semblance of justice the High Court was keen to teach a lesson not only to Surendra Nath Banerjea but to warn Indians in general that it would not allow any British judge to be criticised .
But I do not agree with the view of the majority of the court when I consider the question as to what punishment should be inflicted .
Two such cases have come up before the court is established .
The matter was discussed fully and after the court had pronounced its decision that they were guilty suitable apologies were made .
In the present case persons charged with contempt of the court were at once admitted their guilt and expressed their deep regret at having unwittingly cast an undeserved . upon a learned judge of this court .
" Sir सर . the Chief Justice of the case said in the above trial : " However most of the judges were of the opinion that the accused of contempt of court would suffer even if they were not guilty of such offence .
In the second trial the court called upon Mr Taylor to sentence a month ' s imprisonment in the civil part of the Presidency Jail - LRB - a fine of Rs 500 and a fine not to be paid - RRB - .
There the Chief Justice Sir टेलर टेलर in his reference to an apology made by Mr Taylor before the decision said : " If you were already given you wish to add nothing more to the sentence ( or are entirely dependent ) .
Tilak was convicted of sedition by an English jury after three weeks of prolonged trial in the Bombay High Court .
The immortal words with which he greeted his conviction are now enshrined in a tablet in the Central Room of the Bombay High Court where he was tried and punished by his counsel.
" All I wish to say is that inspite of the verdict of the jury I maintain that I am innocent.
The higher powers determine the destiny of things and it may be the will of God to be तकलीफ upon what I am fighting for than to remain outside my jail . "
In the annals of Indian legal trials no other trial has its parallel.
In the Central Hall of the Bombay High Court Sir M . C . तिलक the then Chief Justice of Bombay said : " In the memory of Lokmanya Tilak the title of this अनावरण which I had had had had inherited or compared with the occasion.
In this very room on two occasions within the space of twelve years Lokmanya Tilak sat in the dock as an कठघरे and on two occasions he was convicted and sentenced to imprisonment .
We have met here today to make atonement for the suffering that was caused by these convictions to a great and distinguished son of India .
This disgrace हैं our record and we are here to remove that disgrace.
With scant knowledge of Marathi he remarked that the accused had referred to the English rule in India as the country ' s misfortune and had suggested that bombs and murders would help India to secure political rights as had happened elsewhere.
The barrister made every effort to prejudice the minds of the special jury who themselves had no knowledge of Marathi language .
He read an article from Kesari in support of the charge under Section 153 A . A .
The gist of the article published by him may be quoted here :
" All thoughtful people have already formed the opinion of the reasons why the " bomb party " was born .
The " सरकारी party has come into being as a result of the oppression of the official classes and their obstinacy in treating public opinion .
The bomb exploded owing to the official class having tried the patience of the Bengali youth .
The responsibility for the calamity must therefore be thrown not on the political agitation the राजनीतिक of writing or speeches but on the सरकारी and the obstinacy of the official class . "
And for this he had to pay a heavy price for he did not find any support in this act and neither the ancient forms of poetry which kept him aloof from it in an irrational का and सुधारवादियों from the सुधारवादियों past .
As a poet it was a ideal situation but as a social reformer it was a cause of pity for he needed both men and money for his institution .
His admirers and well - wishers were inclined to believe that the school was at best a poet ' s सनक .
He had found it difficult to earn enough money for his school and to raise a large number of students and sell them to a part of his house and private library at Puri to satisfy his expenses .
The school was however not a poet ' s सनक .
It was his sadhana a medium of creative striving for the good of his people his one epic which he continued to work till the end of his life and which grew with his growth remaining संघर्ष .
It was no doubt the poet ' s dream that otherwise the poet would give the earliest tidings of the unborn flower to a खिलने world .
He had been deeply involved with problems which might have related to the well - being of the people the greatest of these problems which attracted his attention was education which शिक्षा the mental growth of an earlier age .
The defence cannot be forced to carry this burden .
It is for the prosecution to prove that the translation is correct .
Here the charge is not based on the Marathi article and is based on the English translation .
Supposing this was an English article and an Englishman were charged with sedition the charge would fail if the prosecution proceeded on a document in which it was proved different words to those written .
Here there is a difference between the original words of Marathi in the Kesari and the words used in the translation . "
Tilak submitted that a healthy criticism of administration as a social worker and a journalist was his duty .
It was the duty of every Indian .
The 22 - hour long defence by Tilak lasted for 6 days .
He pointed out that the Kesari articles were meant to warn the government that the path of repression was not proper .
Even if you do not agree you have a right to say that in your opinion the matter does not come under Section 124 - A .
You may or may disagree with my views if you can accept them or reject them .
The point is whether my action was within my purview of rights and whether the subjects of His Majesty in India the citizens of India have the same freedom which is enjoyed by British citizens and the Anglo - Indians in Britain .
It is not a matter of whether the views are correct or wrong .
I may who knows alter my own views tomorrow .
Gentlemen come to your views.
You will presently hear what the Advocate General has to say and after him His हिज will address you .
The responsibility is free ; you have to decide whether the offender is " or " not .
You are representatives of the people and you know their views ; you have to say what you think would be the effect of this .
I would urge you to forget all other circumstances outside this court .
Tagore also said that training in music and fine arts had a great impact on the child ' s emotions and sentiments .
Education to be real must be real must be in the making of an entire man so as to stir in him the emotions and the senses .
" Man in his fullness is not limited in his being but is perfect with his community . "
And so in his school along with individual initiative and self - reliance equal emphasis was laid on community service .
If it does not strike roots in the soil and is not blessed with the natural environment it is not of much significance to the people .
The intellectuals of the generation and some of them are still for the sake of their own ideas and विदेशों we have been आयातित our आयातित and our आयातित to our आयातित our आयातित our institutions and their पंखों our national identities and so mute our institutions .
Life can never be जीवन it is this co - ordination and so he warned his people : " If the whole world goes the way it grows the पश्चिम of the West it will die you will die by the end of the modern era of पश्चिम
These were the main principles of his educational ideal which he tried to implement with his very limited resources and sources in a very humble beginning .
It was not that having set up his school he left it to his assistants to run it himself occupied with higher aims .
He loved children loved them dearly and loved teaching them .
He believed that every child carried a message from God and therefore he had not been disappointed yet .
Finding that there were no suitable primers and textbooks available in Bengali he wrote them himself and encouraged his colleagues to do so .
The poet could as well sing the better.
As though to test the sincerity and strength of His new devotee God sent him as He had done to His servant Job of the Old Testament a series of bereavements and शोक .
Within a few days of his finding a new home at Santiniketan his wife Mrinalini Devi was seriously ill and was taken to Calcutta on 23 November 1902 .
This lady had been playing for twenty years with full महिला but with full महिला she looked after the poet with total dedication and was the mother of five children .
These were published in a small volume of poems remarkable for their depth of tender ness and for their simplicity .
“My night has passed on the bed of sorrow and my eyes are tired.
She would have died before the numerous gifts which she had made to the poet were wasted and now she could only say that she would give her to God what was meant for him .
" प्रभात professor has found the morning and you have taken him into his arms ; I bring myself to you my knowledge of God and the gift for him . "
Rabindranath sailed for her in every nook and corner of his home but eventually he knew that on this earth he never finds her - घर घर the house is small and the once she goes away .
But infinite is Thy mansion my Lord and seeking her I have come to Thy door. ”
This collection of poems was published a year later as कविताओं .
शोक disguised is more potent than grief expressed.
As they sat around watching the familiar faces of those men and women who had come from a distance to offer their love : " It is not a court of their family . "
The statement of the Round Table 1922 ' in London : ' " ' s attempt at sedition 1921 of the following words ' " ' 1922 ' and ' राजद्रोह ' न्यायाधिकार ' 1921 ' 1921 ' 1921 ' 1921 ' 1921 ' 1921 ' 1921 ' 1921 ' 1921 ' 1921 ' 1921 ' 1921 ' 1921 ' 1921 ' 1921 ' 1921 ' 1921 ' 1921 ' 1921 ' 1921 ' 1921 ' IN 1921 ' 1921 ' 1921 ' IN 1921 ' 1921 ' 1921 ' 1921 ' 1921 ' 1921 ' 1921 ' 1921 '
When the court called upon the accused to state if they plead guilty Gandhi said: " I plead guilty on each count of the charges .
I merely wish to say that the King ' s name in the charge - sheet is wholly removed in my opinion .
The Advocate General ( Sir T. अभियोक्ता ) special public prosecutor ) asked the court not to convict on the pleas but to proceed with the case .
However the सरकारी court accepted the pleas of the 'guilty' and asked the public prosecutor to say anything he wished to say on the question of punishment .
Sir S . स्ट्रेंगमैन made the following statement :
I believe these articles are part of an organised campaign carried on for years .
Secondly Mr Gandhi is an educated man and a recognised leader and this makes the campaign all the more harmful .
The court must consider the inevitable outcome of this campaign as shown in recent events .
The offence of the second accused is not so घोर yet serious .
In his case there should be a substantial fine . "
When Gandhiji was asked to say anything he uttered these memorable words: " I should like to state before I read my statement that what the Advocate General has said about me is all that I support him .
I admit the blame for the crimes of violence committed in Bombay Madras and elsewhere .
It is true I should have known the consequences of my action .
I believe I was playing with fire but if released.
I consider it necessary to do so as my duty to my people .
I do not want your kindness .
The court must do its duty .
He wrote : " It was a great उस्ताद of उस्ताद ' all points of dis - वह with logical logic the high thinking and the inspiring tone all of which made a difference to all including the Judge and the Advocate General .
For a minute everybody wondered who was on trial - whether Gandhiji before the British judge or whether the British Government before God and humanity were standing before the British Government .
Mahatmaji finished reading his statement and for a few moments there was complete silence in the room .
The Advocate General then pointed out that under Section 27 - B of the Criminal Procedure Code the court might convict the accused on their pleas or proceed with the case .
According to Section 124 - A the common accused plead guilty which must be recorded and he be convicted once .
It was therefore necessary for the judge to proceed with the case firstly because the charges were very serious ; in other public interest it was desirable that the charges should be fully investigated.
But before that he wanted to hear the Advocate General who had not only प्रकरणों the cases of alleged अभियुक्त but responsible for the planned campaign launched by Young India " in 1921 .
A few passages were read in the court of the report on the 8th of June when a matter of character ' s duty was discussed and this obligation was to preach disaffection to the British government and prepare the country for civil disobedience .
I have to see only one side of your character .
My function is to judge you as a man only under justice - a man who has broken the law and who has looked upon it with serious offences against the state .
There are few people in India who do not sincerely regret that you should have made the government at least .
I am trying to balance what is due to you and what seems to me to be necessary in the interests of the public .
I propose in passing sentence to follow the precedent of a case similar to what I have received about 12 years before today .
The sentence that was passed upon him ultimately was the simple sentence of six years .
And I would like to say that if in future conditions the Government decides to reduce or release you no one would be more glad than me . "
Again in the words of Justice देशभक्तों : " Why is the trial considered a great historical trial ? why more important than those of the patriots and patriots ?
Indeed he was not because of the personality of the accused but because of his extraordinary influence on those intimate Indians - not because of the consequences on India ' s destiny but on account of its fundamental and serious issues .
The same issue had elevated the trial to such heights .
Although it was much in common to one of the early trials of such nature the trials and tribulations and the अन्याय of देशभक्तों and other patriots which preceded him and his experiments in life were still above him .
It was a trial in the history of criminal trials in India where the defendant did not even spend a week to defend himself .
There was no defence counsel no बचाव no legal के but the accused earned eternal glory in the moral and judicial horizon of India .
The Meerut conspiracy case trial was one of the most notorious trials to take place during the British regime .
All except M . N . Roy and the British Civil War were arrested in March 1929 and the remaining were kept in custody during the trial hearing .
They were charged under Section 121 - A of the Indian Penal Code .
The trial become notorious on account of its अभूतपूर्व spell .
To impart education to such students Rabindranath and some other educationists were united and they formed a Council to enforce the national education scheme and became the first principal of the philosophy the familiar and the Yogi Sri Aurobindo .
It was in this Council that Tagore delivered a series of lectures on the principles of literature which were later published as Sahitya रवीन्द्रनाथ .
He had hoped that by leading the popular discontent against foreign rule he would succeed in राष्ट्र the newly aroused passion for national freedom to a dynamic programme of national regeneration.
He planned and outlined such a programme through a series of remarkable lectures and essays in which he anticipated almost the entire basic principle of जन that was later converted into a nation - wide mass of non - violence under the leadership of Mahatma Gandhi .
He lacked the Mahatma ' s tireless patience and persistence his calm judgement and unruffled will his genius for और strategy and his unrivalled gift of leadership .
He rode the storm majestically for a time but as soon as it raised in its inevitable howl of violence he retired from the battle - field a युद्ध and a wiser man .
He was deeply criticised for giving up the fight he had inspired as a hero but we must also keep in mind that Tagore knew his limitations and was wise in this way .
Apart from social and national problems he wrote a large number of essays on education literary themes लोक criticism folk literature rituals and philosophy of general expression and he wrote many व्यंग्यपूर्ण and satirical sketches of his poems published in 1906 .
The tide is symbolic of the poet ' s mood of wistful expectancy of waiting for the ferry to cross over to the other bank .
The trial in the Sessions Court started in the first week of June 1929 .
The public prosecutor who conducted the case for the Crown produced few more witnesses on behalf of the prosecution .
Once the prosecution evidence had been completed Bhagat Singh felt that it was time for giving a detailed statement about his aim .
He had worked hard to prepare his written statement .
On June 6 Asaf Ali read this statement in the court from Bhagat Singh and Dutt of B .
It is a classic document based on revolutionary and Marxist theories that brings out a revolutionary chapter in the history of Indian revolutionary ideas .
The statement was so touching that three of the four assessors could not hide their eyes गीली with tears.
The allegations made in the lower court are correct or wrong ?
Our answer to the first half of the question is चश्मदीद but the so - called " चश्मदीद " witness " has given evidence in this case which is utterly false .
The other witnesses too who have deposed to having seen bombs being thrown by us have no say .
The bomb was necessary to awaken England from her dreams.
We dropped the bomb on the floor of the Assembly chamber to register our protest on behalf of those who had no other means left to express their deep anguish .
Our sole purpose was to make the deaf hear and warn the Government in time .
Others have as keenly felt as we have done and from such seeming stillness of the sea of Indian humanity a veritable storm is about to break .
We have only hoisted the Danger Signal 'to warn those who are speeding along without खतरे to the dangers .
We are only willing to point out that the age of " Utopian non - violence is over and the present generation has no doubt about its futility . "
On the contrary we repeat that we hold human lives sacred beyond words and instead of injure anyone else we shall throw away our lives in the service of humanity . "
In stating the concept of revolution it was said in the किसान statement : " This is the only effective way of tackling the great social problems of our times the problem of solving the सामाजिक and the मजदूरों of the masses who are a big part of the people . " .
The many bereavements and disappointments he had recently suffered had only served to steel his fortitude and to prepare him for the change that followed .
These songs ( some of which were song ) were mostly अंग्रेजी and और eleven of them were later included in his English song ' Gitanjali and The Gardner ' गार्डनर ' फूट ' and ' गार्डनर ' .
" Who has bent you in binding these chains ?
It was I who said the prisoner : I realised the chain with great concentration .
I suppose my chain would bind the whole world but I .
And so I laboured at it : spent the whole night beating the iron in fire and पीट it on the platform .
When the chain was ready I discovered myself having been जकड by its links . "
The poet describes himself as a beggar girl who went to beg for alms ; when the prince comes before her and speaks to him . '
She blushed with shame.
What will he give her ?
Kundan Lal and Prem Dutt were awarded imprisonment for seven and five years respectively .
सान्याल Ghosh . J . N . Sanyal and Des Raj were acquitted .
Of those absconding Bhagwati Charan met with an accident in a bomb explosion in May 1930 and Chandra Shekhar Azad was killed in an encounter with the police in Azad Park Allahabad in February 1931 .
The legal battle was not over even after the death sentence.
The defence council composed of prominent public men अर्जी to file a petition to the Privy Council to challenge firstly the legality of the ordinance appointing a Special Tribunal and secondly to disseminate knowledge and give publicity to the Indian independence movement abroad .
On 10th February 1931 the petition was rejected by the Privy Council .
Not to be deterred on the 14th of February 1931 Pandit Madan Mohan Malaviya submitted an appeal to the Viceroy seeking his prerogative of mercy in निर्वासन death sentence to transportation for life on a human basis .
On 16th February 1931 life Lal कारावास . and evening red were filed in the nature of habeas corpus petitions from the High Court and the validity of death sentence proposed upon the ground that the execution of the sentence of death would continue for no days in October कारावास .
It further united the freedom fighters in their struggle against the British .
The government decided that the execution of the sentence would be awarded on 23rd March 1931 .
After release he joined the Indian National Congress .
On the controversial issue of the Indian National Congress helping the British Government in the Second World War he resigned.
And so because he seemed so lonely .
On 10th May 1924 after the arguments in the Sessions trial were concluded and before the judgment was pronounced in the Kanpur case Lieutenant - Colonel Cecil 1924 counsel for the prosecution requested the District Magistrate to issue warrants for the arrest of M . N . N . Roy . W . Gupta . Gupta . Gupta . Gupta . W .
The warrant was issued and made to Cecil था .
It was presumed that it would be sent to England for execution as Roy according to Scotland Yard ' s information was expected to go to England and Europe .
M . N . Roy reached India in December 1930 .
Roy during the Sessions trial wanted to make a lengthy statement in his defence but was not allowed to do so .
It was later smuggled out of jail and published under the title " My Defence " .
It is a remarkable legal document which has established its place in legal history .
It gives ample evidence of industry intelligence and industry among the vast knowledge of M . N . Roy .
He then made a request in connection with the conspiracy to deprive the King of India ' s sovereignty under Section 121 - A of the Indian Penal Code and disputed its legality and succession .
He said that the British Government of India is " a machine of 'an enormous tyranny and साम्राज्य " The people of India owe no allegiance to the British Empire " and it was entitled to revolt.
He supported his arguments from the quotations of Locke Hume Bentham भारत की राजनीतिक and other political philosophers and legal experts who wrote on the legality of the British conquest of India .
" का to the accusation of the intention to use force he said :
" In reality Force is power .
Roy was sentenced to 12 years' transportation .
Immediately plans were made for appeal to the High Courts and to the Privy Council if necessary.
Since all other friends of राय राय apart from ब्रजेश Singh lived in other parts of the country they were given full responsibility to arrange an appeal and unfortunately साम्यवाद and a few months before the hearing of the साम्यवाद राय .
Towards the end of 1932 he returned to Europe .
With his sudden departure Roy was crippled in his effort to prepare for the hearing of his appeal .
It was difficult to assemble the papers of the case which had been in Singh ' s care .
Most of Roy ' s loyal supporters as well many left - wing nationalists who had come to his defence were heard of an appeal by the judge Thomas on 17 May 1933 .
The appeal was heard by young and competent counsel Dr K . N . Katju assisted by Mr . Sanyal whereas the government advocate was present on behalf of the empire .
The institution of such a communist regime was to be preceded by the violent overthrow of the existing Constitution in India and the destruction of the sovereignty of the King emperor .
On November 1907 at the apex of his family life was a period of tragedy when his youngest son शमीन्द्र was बेटा the darling and brilliant son of his father who was more or less like a child of cholera at the age of thirteen just five years ago .
In the course of five tempestuous years Tagore suffered an almost total break - up of his family life .
She lost her wife and two children and the eldest of the three children living with her husband . in Bengal - she had been married a couple of months ago in the USA to training in agriculture science .
It was as intolerable to him in the crowd as during his solitude at Shelidah .
And this heavy shadow of sorrow that fell on his heart ; was reflected in his विषाद .
He had learnt not to muddy the waters of his Muse with his sorrow ; his verse compositions intended to be a medium of a higher love of God ' s बाह्य were more dedicated to God ' s बाह्य .
Though his literary talent was regarded as everyone ' s iron the moral and the limited sanction is attributed to him by some orthodox and स्कूली for a long time being called by a स्कूली स्कूली ( a बंग्ला in Bengali लोहा ) .
He was at the height of popularity during his life - time when he led the mass movement against the partition of Bengal but it had been famous for a few days and was now being humiliated and not blind to it .
He had alienated the ruling authorities who issued secret circulars asking the Government servants and loyalists not to send their children to his school .
" Seventh charge: Indian Army Act 1961 ( Section 41 ) against the said Captain P . Sehgal .
Committing a civil offence that is to say murder contrary to Section 109 of the Indian Penal Code - LRB - 302 - RRB - is that he offence punishable under Section 302 - LRB - Section D ) of the Indian Penal Code ( IPC - RRB - LRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - LRB - LRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - RRB - which he is to which he is shot in that he - to which he
One fourth charge : Section 41 ( against the said Lt. Gurbaksh Singh Dhillon ) .
Committing a civil offence that is to say murder contrary to Section 302 I. P. C. in that he - LRB - Lt. Dhillon - RRB - at or near बर्मा Hill in Burma on or about 6th March 1945 by causing the death of Dharam Singh .
" Ninth Charge: . ; Section 41 ( against the said Captain P . K . आर्मी ) .
Committing a civil offence that is to say murder contrary to Section 109 of the Indian Penal Code that is punishable under Section 302 of Section 302 I. P. C. in that he - LRB - or near Dharam Singh ) resulted in the murder of धरम females .
One अभियोग the Indian Army Act , Section 41 ( against the said Captain Shah Nawaz Khan alone )
Sir N . P . Engineer opening the case by the prosecution said that the accused were Indian commissioned officers owing allegiance to the King and as such they were subject to the Army Act .
Tracing the history of the formation of the Indian National Army he said that Subhas Chandra Bose had left India in January 1942 for Kabul from where he had proceeded to Germany via Moscow .
He was a political suspect and was under watch.
And thus he stood by God entirely dependent on his inner resources in front of external circumstances as well as internal necessity .
His religious poems of this period published in धार्मिक ? and धार्मिक are full of sincerity and simplicity as was his heart ' s blood रक्त reached its culmination .
His religious insight like that of all great saints and mystics was born of deeply experienced sorrow and isolation .
The most important aspect of this deeply religious insight was that it enriched instead of eating into or अनुदार his love of the earth and its life .
He sought God not only in the privacy of his soul but in every manifestation of His play in the outside world .
As in many other plays this play has been staged on the open air ; for nature is not merely the background of these plays but also an active character .
After cross - examination by the defence counsel all the three accused were registered .
नवाज Shah Nawaz Khan questioned the authority of the court to try him .
In his statement he explained how and why he joined the Indian National Army .
" In short the question before me was to choose between the King or the country .
I decided to be loyal to my country and promised to Netaji that I would sacrifice myself to the cause of the country .
Finally Sir I wish to bring to your notice that no mercenary or Indian army could have faced the hardships as the I. N. A. did.
We fought only for India ' s freedom .
I do not deny having taken part in the fight but I did so as a member of the regular fighting forces of the Provisional Government of Free India who waged war for the liberation of their motherland according to the rules of civilised warfare .
I also maintain that my trial by court martial is illegal.
The defence also proved that those acts which were the basis of allegations : were made during the proceedings of an organised army of government , who claimed the status of the state against the Japanese and the territories which had been attached to it .
Interesting questions regarding the law of युद्ध were discussed .
The existence of war was purely a question of fact.
Whether a struggle amounted to a war or not to be determined not by the relation of the warring powers but by the method of struggle .
If in exercise of what has been called the sacred right of rebellion a considerable body of subjects of a State rose in revolt and the struggle became a popular uprising then that population was entitled to be treated as शक्ति power .
In other words if in the midst of a struggle for freedom the self - subject people would rise to a situation where the war accepted by an organised army could be called a battle for freedom under all its legitimate rights and privileges .
The declaration of a war situation amounts to युद्ध for the action taken during the war but the पैतृक arms for freedom from the ancestral authority to the war or fail .
According to the maxim of International Law the successful revolution would be the government established .
But even if the revolution fails then विद्रोह if the fight they carried on by an organised army was to be called a युद्ध power .
So far as argument of allegiance owed by officers of the Indian Army who had joined the I. N. A. was concerned it might have been said that allegiance was owed to the King and the country .
Before Sheikh Abdullah is convicted these questions must be considered very carefully and weighed in the spirit of the grave responsibility because of the repercussions which are inevitable.
The mischief of conviction is greater than even the mischief caused by the alleged speeches or by the arrest of the accused .
The remedy sought is worse than the disease .
You convict and बंदी a person and all possibility of reconciliation between the ruler and the ruled is washed away .
Do not let the people think that the raising of their voices by their leaders means only the कैद . and कैद of jail .
Let them feel that the ruler is there for his people ; they appreciate the sentiments and sentiments of his people and dare to say that I am incapable of ignoring the mistakes of my people .
One conviction will not solve the problem; it will only make remedy worse than the बीमारी ; it will बदतर hundreds of thousands into the wilderness of resentment असहयोग and non - co - operation .
The court ordered : " Offences under Section 124 - A of the Ranjit Penal Code are proved against all the three speeches .
He is convicted under the above Section on all the three counts and sentenced to three years' simple imprisonment with a fine of rupees five hundred on each count .
In default of payment of. fine they will have to undergo simple imprisonment for three months on each side .
The sentences of imprisonment कारावास with each other . "
Sheikh Abdullah was convicted on 10th September 1946 .
On August 15 1947 India became independent .
There was no way left for the Maharaja of the princely State of Kashmir but to release Sheikh Abdullah who was set free on 29th September 1947 .
" soon became the first Chief Minister of Kashmir .
The trial of Sheikh Abdullah greatly inspired the " Kashmir छोडो movement which had failed in other parts of India .
Sheikh Abdullah ' s speeches made on 10th 12th 14th and 16th of May 1946 followed by Asaf Ali the spirited defence of the कश्मीर of Kashmir' paved the way for the dedication of rulers of various princely States in India .
What is Unicode ?
Unicode provides a unique number for each character है
no matter what the ,
no matter what the program is.
be it any language .
Computer कम्प्यूटर deals with originally हैं numbers .
They store letters and characters by assigning a number for each letter and letter .
Before Unicode was invented there were hundreds of different encoding systems for assigning these numbers .
In a single encoding there may be enough letters : for example the European Union alone needs several different encodings to cover all its languages .
For a language like English the alphabet was not sufficient for all the letters punctuation and technical symbols used in common use .
These encoding systems also conflict with one another .
That is why the two encodings can use the same number for two different characters - either for the same number or use different numbers for the same letter .
Any computer ( especially the server ) needs to support various encodings ( e ) but still has the risk of always deterioration of the data between two different encodings or nodes ) .
Unicode is changing all this thing .
Unicode (UTF - 32 provides a unique number for each letter ; no matter what the program चाहे no matter what the language it is .
The Unicode Standard has been adopted by leading companies of industry like ' ऐपल ' कम्पनियों ' कम्पनियों ' s सन सन and M . P . M . S . सन . . सन Sun सन कम्पनियों कम्पनियों and many others .
Unicode is required by the use of modern standards ( like x M ) L . W . जावा Script ( Java script ) जावा L . C . पी standards ( , ) and is applicable for अधिकारिक .
It occurs in many operating systems . all modern browsers and many other products .
The emergence of the Unicode Standard and the availability of its supporting equipment are among the most significant recent global software technology trends .
The inclusion of Unicode into client - server or multi - dimensional devices and websites offers significant savings in the spending of traditional equipment rather than using .
Unicode enables a single software product or a single website उत्पाद which can be used in various languages and countries without a Delhi - based engineering .
It allows data to be transported through different systems without any restriction .
Unicode (UTF - 32 is a non - profit organization founded by the Unicode Standard . for presentation of text in modern software products and standards . development of लाभ and encouraging its use .
The membership of this organisation includes various corporations and organisations in the computer and information industry .
Membership in the Unicode Consortium is open to organizations and individuals anywhere in the world who support Unicode and wish to assist in its extension and implementation .
For more information see the Unicode Glossary Unicode Enabled Products , Technical Introduction and Useful source .
Our environment air water and earth mixture which is known as वातावरण वातावरण and मिट्टी respectively.
Not only the valuable non - renewable resources have been carelessly विनाश but in the process man has caused various threats to the succeeding generations by application of life and by creating radioactive waste .
Whether there is a country or a place at present there is a hue and cry about pollution .
Pollution दूषित the air and poisons water .
To meet the growing needs of power hydro - electric thermal and nuclear power plants are being increasingly set up .
The real result of all this is pollution of air and water everywhere .
Now more and more people have come to the cities and as a result air pollution has increased considerably .
According to the 1951 Census the number of urban population in the country at that time rose by about करोड million in the 1991 census to about 15 million करोड - 150 per cent per annum .
Some of these are also carried to distant places by wind rivers rain and rivers .
These are also present in the high mountains and in the दलदल swamps and are hazardous for human beings animals birds and fish .
It is found that the lung cancer has increased by 50 per cent in a particular region of Russia from the rate of 30 per cent in stomach cancer and birth defects by about 55 per cent in children .
Another kind of pollution that has come into prominence more recently is radiation which is a result of the growth of nuclear power and nuclear weapons .
Radioactive materials find their way into the atmosphere and water courses .
The number of nuclear power plants in operation though small and considered relatively safe may cause environmental and health problems of immense magnitude.
Mining operations especially in reserve forests and sanctuaries are posing a serious threat to the environment .
For example the खदानों शरण in the Aravalli Hills of Rajasthan known all over the world for the tigers has now become a dumping ground for mining wastes .
As a result all kinds of animals including the tiger are competing for their plough .
Lastly mention has to be made about pollution caused by noise .
pollution.
It is like the दोधारी sword hanging over our head .
The human race is sailing on the way of suicide - its pistol is pollution .
We have poisoned the air water and soil with pollutants .
We have बितर away the natural communities affecting our survival in the complex system of " the great life - series " .
We shall soon संतुलन the balance of the natural forces of the earth the atmosphere and the oceans in such a way that it can be disastrous for humanity .
We have reached a point where we must avoid environmental pollution.
Air pollution has never been as bad as it is now .
Even as we benefit from industrial progress we must ensure that the air we breathe remains contaminated . "
For example a 500 - MW thermal power plant produces 2 000 tonnes of ash every day .
Other significant industries contributing to air pollution are cement स्टील steel and ore processing industries .
The automobile exhausts are in no way less dangerous than the industrial smoke .
It is reported that automobiles at Greater Calcutta alone spew about 1 500 tonnes of pollutants into the atmosphere every day .
To meet the demands of an exploding population the number of buses plying on the roads are being increased .
The number of vehicles in Delhi in 1992 was around 19 lakhs ; the city of Chennai has about 5 lakh वाहनों on roads .
At Hyderabad it is estimated that about 4.7 lakh tonnes of smoke and fumes are released every day into the atmosphere of toxic fumes .
Air pollution.
The pollutants comprise 10 lakh tonnes of carbon monoxide - 30 lakh tonnes of sulphur dioxide - 2 lakh tonnes of hydrogen sulphide and 50 lakh tonnes of concrete wastes .
Special mention may be made here about the thermal power stations in India which number about 66 at present and discharge 30 to 40 million tonnes of fly ash per day .
The total air pollution load in Mumbai is estimated to be about प्रदूषक tonnes per day with 1 उद्योगों tonnes of pollutants coming from industries 1 538 tonnes from vehicle exhaust and 62 tonnes from domestic fumes .
The average level of the sulphur present in the atmosphere over Bombay is reported to be twice that of the safety सल्फर certain pockets in Bombay have already crossed the danger mark .
In the words of N . K . प्रदूषण Delhi ' s pollution can be described as : " The air in Delhi gives it the dubious distinction of being the fourth most polluted city in the world .
Persons already suffering from diseases like anaemia are more prone to get affected because carbon monoxide may lead to serious injuries to vital organs.
It is reported that lower levels of sulphur dioxide cause temporary spasm of the smooth muscles of the bronchi .
The cilia which protect the respiratory system get affected by sulphur dioxide causing cough shortness of breath and spasm of the larynx.
It can also cause acute irritation of the eye membranes resulting in tears and tears .
Hydrogen sulphide is well known for its characteristic अंडे egg - like smell .
Lead which is discharged into the air via the automobile exhaust is a cumulative poison that may cause brain damage in children .
A report on the industrial accident at अमेरिका revealed that about 20 per cent of the canary population and 15 per cent dogs were affected.
Lead poisoning in cows bulls sheep and horses is very common .
घास along busy roads contain substantial amounts of lead and animals grazing on them become susceptible to lead poisoning as it accumulates in their tissues.
Air contaminated with ozone acts as an वायु and can be responsible for pulmonary changes oedema and haemorrhage in dogs cats and rabbits .
The air - borne animals are not directly affected by हवा ; but when they eat फ्लुओराइड crops their दांतों will be paid to the affected teeth by दांतों .
Bone lesions in animals due to excessive हड्डियों are abnormal .
Diarrhoea weight loss lowered fertility and reduced milk production due to excess of fluoride is also seen .
A Liberian oil - tanker ran टकरा on the top of the great लाइबेरिया on the south - west coast of Great Britain फैल about 60,000 gallons of crude oil into the sea .
The resultant oil slick led to the death of a large number of fish and water birds .
This accident made the world sit up to the dangers of oil के
The Santa Barbara सांता California became the focal point because of the damage caused by the blow caused by the blow caused by the फट of an oil well in the sea - water in 1969 .
Not only was the beach affected but even some birds and other creatures faced death due to the spread of oil .
Just after the spill it was claimed that the channel had become the ' पारिस्थितिक ' of the पारिस्थितिक मरूभूमि though recent investigations reveal that the damage was not so serious .
In 1978 a large oil tanker ran टकरा on the coast of Alaska releasing over the sea of 1 million gallons of oil to the sea .
When the oil hit the shore about a lakh of birds died.
सागर and स्तनपायी ( a mammal resembling dolphin in appearance ) were also poisoned and they sat on the bottom of the ocean .
तेल accidents do not occur even in India ; in समुद्र an American tanker टकरा ran टकरा on the टकरा Island ( Lakshadweep ) and spilled over 5 000 tonnes of special navy fuel .
In 1976 a Greek tanker disappeared off की without any मलबा but the तेल was observed on a low - shore oil टैंकर close to the west coast of India .
Sometimes oil gets spread on the sea surface by the intentional discharge of oil ( as during the Gulf War of 1991 ) .
The layer of oil stretched over a wide area of 100 km and 15 km and was sometimes half - a - meter thick at other places .
Such ' आतंकवाद ' terrorism ' can alter the ecology of the region in the future .
This was done even in ancient times .
The same strategy was adopted in the Gulf War by बहाकर oil into the sea unmindful of the damage done to the entire environment .
Millions of sea birds were threatened by this oil coating .
The deadly oil coating on their body prevented them from diving for fish and they were starved to death .
It is estimated that the amount of floating tar at any time on the surface of the Arabian Sea can be around 3 700 tonnes and on the route across the Bay of Bengal could be at any time between 1 and 100 tonnes .
Due to constant exposure to oil films in the sea most coral reefs in the Indian Ocean region ( Lakshadweep ) अंडमान in Lakshadweep मूंगे in the Andaman and Nicobar Islands and in the south - west of अंडमान have more or less disappeared.
To avoid harm caused by oil परतों some of the following practices can be adopted .
The oil slick is set on fire .
Oil is निकाल from the surface by a suction device .
. the oil into the sea is another measure for this to plunge into the present concentration of minute particles or its उसका along the surface of a solid substance with the high concentration of oil at present .
7 . Have you heard of human - made ढेर ?
Can it be a hill ?
It is no wonder that each urban area has a small lane in each street .
Table - 3 : The quantity of solid waste produced in India the city solid waste per day the solid waste of new Delhi ) Mumbai शहर Chennai शहर शहर Bangalore .
These wastes are produced by coal and mineral industries कोयला mining industries , metal industries , engineering industries and thermal power stations .
It is reported that about 50 per cent of the raw material in industry is ultimately turned into trash and about 15 per cent is toxic or harmful .
Millions of tonnes of लौह are disposed of by metal extraction industries especially iron and steel plants a large quantity of solid wastes from the industrial effluents from the dressed plants .
Another important solid waste which needs consideration is waste .
This waste includes anatomical organs . syringes gauze के glass etc .
The huge कचरा of biomedical wastes disposed of by hospitals and clinics cause serious health problems .
Ordinances have been promulgated not to dump the waste and for safe transportation in special containers and subsequent जला in Australia and other countries .
Why do solid wastes cause such serious concern ?
This manure is useful in less rain areas as it maintains the moisture and releases plant nutrients too slowly .
Experiments are being carried out to obtain glucose and alcohol from the अल्कोहल present in the heaps of wastes .
Thermal power stations produce enormous fly ash in bulk and its disposal is a global problem .
Fly ash is the finer ash produced during burning of coal in thermal stations and constitutes about 80 - 85 per cent of the total ash produced .
There are 66 thermal power stations in India which generate about 3 - 4 million tonnes of fly ash per day .
It is either dumped in dry form in bags or made into slurry ( to stop air pollution ) and to pass into ash ponds from where it is discharged into a nearby river .
Latest data indicate that if the fly ash is simply dumped over the years the need of उडने sq km of the century will lead to serious ecological problems .
Research around the world is carried out to discover the uses of fly ash to prevent a great deal of water and land necessary for its disposal .
In all there are बिजलीघर power plants in 26 countries with a capacity of बिजलीघर MW operating nearly 100 units with a capacity of बिजलीघर MW .
India too has nuclear power plants but not on a scale as large as in the West .
A fire in the plant produces an enormous amount of radiation into the atmosphere .
The fallout drifted into Scandinavia and eastern Europe causing enormous damage to crops and livestock.
This however does not लाभों the advantages of nuclear power stations over those used by conventional fuels such as coal and oil .
When compared to other sources of energy the nuclear source is clean . are dense and produces more energy than low fuel .
Nuclear power stations do not emit sulphur dioxide ( because of acid rain ) अम्लीय carbon dioxide ( primarily responsible for the greenhouse effect ) - the oxides of nitrogen or heavy metal pollutants do not produce .
They also come down the cost because they require for setting up a small piece of land and produce too much electricity ( a kilogram of uranium - 238 kg of coal - fields of which are produced by electricity only one kilogram of uranium .
The forest officials who are allowed to bite the smaller ones - LRB - who greedy contractors - RRB - cut off more money for commercial purposes ( both new and old ) .
Illegal felling of जंगल in order to earn more money within a short time brings down the forests with huge share .
Mining is also a major cause for such denudation of forests .
We are in need of minerals but we must also preserve our rich forests .
Unfortunately it took a long time for the Government to realise that the felling of forests on account of mining was संकट our future generations .
For example the hills of वनों in Madhya Pradesh have witnessed rapid depletion of forests .
The fourth reason is the conversion of forest areas into cultivable land .
Apple and tea cultivation are the major agricultural activities in this type of forest .
Large tracts of the Himalayan forests have been destroyed for the cultivation of apples .
To maintain a healthy ecological balance one - third of the country ' s total land area should be under forest cover whereas in reality only 10 per cent of the land has good forest cover ( National Remote Sensing Agency 1982 ) .
If we increase the area of forests in the country the afforestation scheme along with the afforestation schemes will have to organise trees on wastelands and fallow lands .
The afforestation scheme will meet the increasing demand for fuel वन fodder , etc . as well as protect the environment .
The people should plant more trees and protect the trees .
We have to think of ourselves not only as beneficiaries but also as trustees of the wealth which comes to us through our forests .
Our slogan hereafter should be " a tree today and look after it daily " .
In fact
Man ' s greed has led to the removal of natural reserves and resources .
If action is not taken on a war footing the earth may lose its capacity to feed us and deprive us and all other living beings of the soil .
Above all human attitude towards environmental protection is more important .
If each citizen decides not to dump the trash in the streets and not to talk of streets the health problems associated with sanitation in most urban and rural areas will be solved .
It is ironical that in the name of progress we are depleting our forests and disturbing our ecological balance .
In the absence of large - scale long - term planning urbanization has led to the conversion of many urban and suburban areas into commercial wilderness .
Urban growth spread of agriculture building of dams and loss of forests have destroyed wildlife .
Many species of organisms and जीवों are at risk of extinction.
Besides destroying wildlife habitats we are poisoning animals and their food with रसायनों जीवों रसायनों and other chemicals .
These chemicals are killing fish reptiles birds and beneficial insects .
But the first impressions are always more vivid and lasting and Tagore would henceforth be regarded in the West as primarily a religious and philosophic poet .
His own व्यक्तित्व personality and august mien and his insistent harping on the ideals of ancient forest sages helped to confirm the one - sided impression.
पाउंड Pound who saw him as one poet sees another tried to correct the distorted image but his voice was alone .
He wrote while reviewing the गार्डनर in the Free कलाकार : " Why do n ' t the good of this island fail to honour an रूई and openly draw their जीवन for them ?
His health had improved where he had earned respect .
When he received the Nobel Prize for his नोबेल ' in November 13 he was at Santiniketan the news was received with joy and rejoicing all over the country .
How did the poet feel about him ?
He would not be human .
The patriot in him felt happy too that his country ' s name had been put on the world' s literary map and felt proud that he was the reason for him .
But the poet in him was too sensitive to feel that the days of a quiet and uninterrupted pursuit of his vocation as a poet and as a teacher of little children and offering to his God were no longer absent .
Five days later he wrote to Rothenstein : " The perfect whirlwind of public excitement it has given rise to is परेशान .
It is almost the same as trying a tin can. at a dog ' s tail making it impossible for him to move without creating noise and collecting crowds .
I am being smothered with telegrams and letters for the last few days and the people who never had any friendly feelings towards me nor ever read a line of my works are loudest in their हैं of joy .
This sad and bitter thought found public expression on 23 November when a good deal of 500 distinguished citizens of Calcutta representing divers professions and interests came by a special train to Santiniketan to offer him the nation ' s नागरिकों .
In blunt but poetic words the poet told them that he could not accept a homage that was so unreal.
His audience who had always been his admirers and admirers understood that it was meant to be a ' झिडकी ' but those who had kept up all his enthusiasm रवीन्द्रनाथ - never forgave him for what रवीन्द्रनाथ reply to him .
Although he was given the award for the benefit of an entirely individual work of literature whose poetic excellence and its ultimate ideal were universal recognition the fact was that the award was not characteristic of an Asian and yet अलंकृत such Awards .
The news was received everywhere with a shock of surprise and turned Rabindranath from an individual into a व्यक्ति symbol of the West ' s submerged potential and its imminent revival .
The records of the Selection Committee show that this proposal was हैरानी for the Swedish Academy .
The two members whose eloquent and powerful support swayed the decision of the Nobel Committee were - वोन who was himself awarded the Nobel Prize three years later and Per पेर member - Secretary of the Nobel Committee .
It is against this nature to combine in a way with a purely religious poem .
It is almost the same as the राशि of David ( the साम of साम or the songs of St. Francis .
If any such query was made about modern European poetry any such comparison would be हास्यास्पद even if it contained thousands of properties : it would not be unduly false .
In its expression the classical is simply classical but the image is के with spontaneous thought and rhythm it contains and does not need any आकारगत structure as it is by the mere mention of words that they are complete .
It is only natural to recall a young man of ब्राह्मण who goes through the पानी and पानी it repeatedly with his hands as the water was touched by the हाथों .
This is not only to the understanding of Oriental life but also as far as possible its influence on European art . . If anybody wants to see what is in modern poetry what is possible .
But I do not mean the beginning of a new literary era beginning in the history of his language .
Now he was as much for the world as for India .
Or so he believed that he became world - famous but because he felt the same about the whole world .
There have also been many world - famous men who are world - अनिष्ट and many who have never seen anything beyond their nose .
This global consciousness which was deeply rooted in his mind and at the same time caught the notion of misunderstanding in the minds of some in their own country .
As a Christian more than a missionary he had parted with his own institutions and in accordance with the true spirit of Christ his friend and friend came forward to serve his life in a free spirit and made him his servant .
Tagore मनीषी who had seen the emergence of a Mahatma in his plays and poems with an insight into the poet ' s नाटकों - मनीषी vision and this was the reason why his letters for the आंदोलन and रवीन्द्रनाथ - अफ्रीका student of South Africa were absent .
The affection and regard which we had for him and the shared enthusiasm which burst out for the first time in such intensity that it coloured all our existence with its own eye of beauty .
The sky grew more and more आपस when we talked and discuss them together .
This was the case in which we discovered our new friendship with Mahatma Gandhi at some happy moment .
Both the घुल came in close contact .
Often as the stars came under the sky we sat silent in the midst of things and stared at the little room at Santiniketan with Gurudev .
Those were golden moments and Mahatma Gandhi understood with deep sympathy our own devotion to the Master .
They often spoke to us of their longing to meet them .
And so we were all brought together in a circle of affection .
The end of the year 1913 was marked by Calcutta University conferring a doctorate on Tagore at a special convocation held on 26 December .
The three pieces of his published from London were : The लंदन ' The Crescent Moon and Chitra ' .
During this year however he wrote many songs some during his stay abroad and some in India .
A poem written in the United States of यूनाइटेड written in the beginning of this year was remarkable in the sense that the metaphor of buying and selling.
A युवती अमीर says he will buy them for gold ; a beautiful girl रिझाना to her smile but the burden still remains like as long as the little boy says it ' s not a little bit after her hand .
There were some more songs which he continued to pen and which he continued to छंदोबद्ध in 1914 were the finest examples of the धार्मिक - धार्मिक of the religious के of 1914 and 1914 - 1914 of Gitanjali though the mood was changing.
His faith in man ' s destiny was now more robust and his faith in life and his acceptance of its responsibilities more उत्साह .
Their joy is equally shared by millions of adults and by their करते and their भावनाओं and their sweetness give expression to their myriad moods and feelings .
The words rhythms and symbols used are so simple as to them spontaneous as if they could not but be here .
The poet is calm and firm and संघर्ष the whole struggle and does n ' t dare any resistance .
" How shall you conquer sorrow if you flee from it? '
The poison must burn itself in its own fire and it will make no burn . "
It seems to me that for the west it has been the privilege of absorbing the spirit of the east through the medium of the Bible.
It has added to your life because it was alien to your mood .
In course of time you may discard some of its doctrines and teachings but it has done its best .
This is what Western literature is doing for us also in the elements of our life which supplement some of its concepts and some contradict our activities .
These stories may have lacked the sweet aroma of fresh fruit but they had a sweet scent of well - prepared cheese .
The author 's irony in exposing the cowardice and selfishness of the दंभी Hindu husband is as subtle and sharp as his courage is admirable in denouncing injustice perpetrated in the name of holy scriptures and traditions .
It is the story of a brave girl मृत्यु who is the daughter of a helpless father who is freed from death a परिवार मृणाल with a परिवार and परिवार मृणाल who by his brilliance उद्धार herself and carries the courage of her husband .
She is Tagore ' s " मारती " which stamps her husband ' s " freedom " .
Needless to say the author was भर्त्सना in the Bengali press for his indictment of social न्याय by the very leaders who were अपमानित against political injustice .
In the third story लडकी लडकी ( an unknown - out girl he shows how an educated and talented Bengali woman युवती any life of youth or an बंगाली youth is far more worth than a wicked - and - ridden youth who is पत्नी by her .
All these stories are in the first person singular and the central character in each is made to reveal his or her own inmost feeling .
There is one story : वैष्णवी ( वैष्णवी ) who has left home so that he can worship God again .
Tagore was in fact aware of a woman who according to him lived in a village in Bengal in his own land and in the name of बंगाल बंगाल has told her that he respected her great devotion .
He took no side to it .
To him the war was like a wound in the breast of humanity its pain and horror to be shared by all its limbs however seemingly far removed .
While addressing his students at Santiniketan he stressed that the shadow of the sin committed by the father had to depend on his children ; so all the मानवतावादियों must share their बांटना in the world in taking the responsibility of those crimes and crimes .
In one of his poems he said: " All the sorrows of the earth its sins and crimes its heart - breaks and its lust for violence have spread like tidal waves on the banks and sky .
At the same time he wrote in a few of the above and many poems ( at the same time in the महीनों - कविताएं months when he moved from one place to another in a spirit of restlessness and at other times with joy .
What in them will recede or die ?
All they knew was that they had to move on renew and if need be forced march on their own side .
All these poems were published in 1916 in a slender volume called 1916 - 1916 .
This volume dedicated to his young English friend अंग्रेज marks one of the great peaks which Tagore periodically scaled in his Himalayan pilgrimage.
The title of the book was placed on a poem he wrote in Kashmir - where the poet in the evening ) ( हंसों ) as in the evening he gazed upon the crumpled stream of the पंखों झेलम and abruptly dropped out of his darkness.
This migratory flight of birds symbolises for him the perennial motion in all things moving or seemingly motionless the passage of the time spirit the unending quest of life and of the soul the eternal cry in the eternal cry in the हृदय .
He must have chanced upon an old photograph of hers for the poem is addressed to him .
The same idea of life perpetually renewing itself of Winter throwing off its mask to reveal itself as Spring is embodied in a delightful वसंत which he wrote for his boys at Santiniketan - the cycle of Spring .
The play was staged both at Santiniketan and Calcutta in which Tagore played the dual role of the poet and the blind Baul or wandering singers .
A group of young नटखट pursue the old man Winter and परिधान him to discover that he is none other than spring .
Edward बयार who was present at the opening of this play though he realised that it contained a अरण्य of the jungle : music full of bamboo the दक्षिणी of the south breeze could sing the rhythm of the soul .
For his character रवीन्द्रनाथ in his own way is as great and as creative as that of Tagore himself .
But in a sense this is much more painful .
At the same time धार्मिक it has far more powerful religious faith of the Middle Ages than that of modern times .
Tagore is essentially modern while Mahatma Gandhi is the St. Francis of आव of our times . "
Having won recognition abroad Tagore had become respectable in the eyes of the British Government in India .
Gone were the days when the Government servants were warned not to send their children to his school .
Now the highest British dignitary in Bengal came to pay his respects to the poet .
Tagore gave the honoured guest a cordial reception and elaborate arrangements were made in the asrama to welcome him .
The following were the patriotic who criticised Tagore for honouring the representative of the foreign ruler .
